fileno%d
e at Silver Moon had a huge impact.
 The battle between Li Hao and the king of the Li Dynasty had broken the human's understanding of martial arts. Not everyone had seen or known an ancient martial arts expert.
 But everyone knew Li Hao.
 The opening of the aperture was like the sun. Many people saw it that day.
 In an instant, the entire North was in awe.
 Li Hao was undefeatable!
 It was so powerful that some of the overlords in the North felt despair.
 Such an existence ... Was he someone that the Army could kill?
 Could a human achieve such a level of existence?
 And according to Li Hao, he was only at the sun and moon stage.
  Sun Moon tier!
 Could the Li Dynasty really deal with Li Hao?
 The king of Dali was strong, but everyone saw that Li Hao seemed to have summoned the stars and the universe in the end. He sent his opponent flying with one punch. The king of Dali was no match for Li Hao.
 Outsiders couldn't see much, couldn't see anything deeper, and couldn't feel Li Hao's restrictions. He could only do this in a small area, but everyone could see that the Li King had lost!
 This was enough!
 ……
 It wasn't just that.
 Silver City was still in the midst of a fierce battle, and the Li Dynasty had not yet withdrawn its troops.
 But at that moment, something unexpected happened.
 The Heavenly Star governor's office had issued an order.
 In the northern provinces, the Army had nothing to do, so they quickly mobilized their troops to build martial arts academies, repair roads, and prepare for spring plowing.
 They would build irrigation facilities and open up land.
 Li Hao seemed to be certain that he would win.
 He did not care how tense the front line was. He only knew that the spring plowing season was coming. If he did not make preparations now, the spring plowing would be delayed. The population of the North was close to two billion. It was impossible to rely solely on the monster plants to cultivate food.
 Were the 10 billion humans going to sit and eat?
 In the North, apart from the ancient city of Silvermoon and the Li Dynasty, which were somewhat troublesome, Li Hao didn't think that the other places were troublesome.
 In each province, there were millions of soldiers.
 Are you just doing nothing?
 They weren't going to fight, so they might as well turn into soldiers and start working.
 Even if the northern provinces did not need the central government's support and did not have the money to support them, Li Hao felt that he could not let them live for free.
 Thus, an order was quickly issued.
 It carried the might of Li Hao's victory over the Li Dynasty's King and intimidated everyone.
 The Northern Land was right under Li Hao's feet.
 But if you don't obey, you'll have to bear the consequences!
 In the North, other than the three northern provinces, Silver Moon, and Linjiang, there were still 14 provinces.  However, on this day, after receiving the order, the Chiefs of the various provinces did not dare to ignore it even though they cursed in their hearts a million times. Soon, orders were issued one after another.
 The garrison started to build irrigation facilities to ensure the normal progress of spring plowing.
 As for the military ... Who would dare to disobey?
 Even the generals didn't dare to say anything about Li Hao insulting a soldier. In the past, they would have scolded him, but after what happened in Beisan province and Linjiang province, they knew that they were nothing in Li Hao's eyes.
 After Li Hao defeated the king of the Li Dynasty, this fear was even more deeply rooted in their hearts.
 On his way here, Li Hao didn't feel like he had killed many people ... But when he thought about the central and Northern regions, he realized that a large number of high-ranking officials had already died. The nine departments, the imperial family, the royal family, the nobles, the governors, the directors ... He couldn't even count them.
 Earlier, he had killed the Duke of dingguo of the East, and then the Duke of an Guo of the West. Along the way, Li Hao had given people an extremely contradictory impression.
 He was a Saint, he was interested in irrigation, he cared for the people, he put Education First, he promoted martial arts ...
 All of this showed that Li Hao was a good person.
 However, they shuddered when they counted the souls in Li Hao's hands.
 He had killed more than half of the higher-ups in the star dynasty.
 Yet ... Not many people remembered this. This was truly terrifying to the extreme.
 Everything passed by silently.
 After Li Hao got rid of the nine divisions and the imperial family, he kept a low profile. Even though it was public that the governor's office was in charge of the central region, he did not mention what happened to the nine divisions and the imperial family. As a result, the people did not remember them at all.
 As time passed, even the local overlords had almost forgotten about the existence of the nine divisions and the imperial family.
 But now ... Were they still there?
 Only bones were left!
 ……
 On this day, all the northern provinces were mobilizing.
 They were preparing for spring plowing and wiping out illiteracy.
 ……
 On the same day, in the Li army camp.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Zhao met with the king of Dali and smiled. He told him about the three organizations going to Dali and observed the changes in his expression.
 The king of Dali, however, looked calm.
  "This King understands."
 The Dali King's face was calm, as if he didn't care about any of this.
 However, Jiang Li's expression changed slightly, but he quickly concealed it.
 Director Zhao laughed. He laughed very brightly. This old man liked to smile as usual. He coughed and said,"Since the king of Dali knows, it'll be easy. Governor, your concern for Dali's safety is not in vain."
 Director Zhao said pitifully,"the governor is kind. He can't bear to see the people suffer. The people are all humans!" Be it heavenstar or Dali, the people were all innocent! The three major organizations have committed all sorts of evil. If they were to create a murder case in the Li Dynasty, even the military governor would not be able to sit by and do nothing!"
 The Dali King's expression did not change as he continued to watch and listen.
 Director Zhao continued,"also, the governor sent me here. He has a few things to discuss with the king. I hope that the king will not interfere and listen to me."
 "Speak!"
 The king of Dali had no intention of blocking anyone.
 Director Zhao didn't care about this. His expression didn't change and he continued to smile,"Then I'll get straight to the point. First, the governor has asked the king of Dali to invite ancient experts from all over the world to help in the battle! The more the better, you and I will split it equally, the stronger the battle results, the stronger you and I will be!"

 Jiang Li almost spat out his saliva.
 What was this?
 Asking Dali to invite powerful cultivators from all over the world ... Was this something a human would do?
 Director Zhao remained calm and continued to smile,""Second, the battle between the two armies will continue. A battle every day is indispensable! If our side has a new army to fight, I hope that the king of Dali can take care of it and send a weaker Army to fight. We will have the same number of people and will not bully them with numbers!"
 The Dali King's face turned cold!
 Director Zhao didn't care and continued,"number three, fight every day!" With the thousand warrior and mountain and sea realms as the main force, life and death are determined by fate. Strong cultivators are not allowed to participate or interfere!"
 The Dali King looked at him coldly. At this moment, his face was a little cold.
 Director Zhao continued,"fourthly, we must unify the realms. I hope that the soldiers and experts under the king of Dali will all be able to kill ten, break a hundred, fight a thousand, mountain sea, sun and moon ..."
 The Dali King was a little angry and said coldly,""What do you want to do? Or ... What does Li Hao want to do?"
 Director Zhao laughed,"it wasn't me, it was the governor's exact words!" The governor said that whether I unify the country or the Li Dynasty, I must unify the language, unify the education, unify the martial arts, unify the realms, and have the carriages and books on the same track!"
  "There are very few people in the Li Dynasty. If we don't merge with the Heavenly Star, how can we unify the world?" he smiled brightly. The governor also said that only by using the people of heavenstar to manage the people of heavenstar can the few fight the many. Could it be that the king of Dali has no interest in the world?"
 The Dali King's expression changed.
 This was assimilation!
 Li Hao's invasion of their culture!
 "As expected, director Zhao said," also, the governor said that everything has its limits! The Li Dynasty's currency system has to be in contact with the Heavenly Star to complete the conversion. The ratio has to be constant. In the extraordinary realm, the currency has to be based on divine energy stones. Both sides can trade ... Of course, there's no rush now!"
 The Dali King's expression changed completely, and he said coldly,""Li Hao, do you really think you've won?"
 "No!"
 Director Zhao shook his head,"the governor said that the king of Dali is a Dragon among men. Although he was born in the northern barbarian land, he is the leader of the overlords. If he wins, I hope that he can carry on and complete the unification of the Silvermoon world!"
 He revealed a smile."The divine Kingdom in the West, the great wilderness in the East, the water cloud in the South ... The governor said that the divine Kingdom believes in gods. Gods are the Kings. He doesn't like them. It was said that in the wasteland, they were like bandits who came and went like the wind, had no fixed residence, and were nomadic people! The water clouds in the south are less imposing and overbearing than the North. Although the Jiangnan waterways are good, they are not as imposing as the North. The South can not do in troubled times!"
 Speaking of this, he looked at the Dali King."The governor said that the Dali King is a man of great skill and strategy to dare lay his hands on the ancient city. Therefore, only the Dali King is willing to accept these conditions!"
 The Dali King looked at him coldly. He didn't think that Li Hao's evaluation was impressive.
 Li Hao wasn't qualified to comment on him.
 "What if I don't agree?" he looked at director Zhao.
 Li Hao's conditions made it feel like he was bullying someone. He wanted to train his soldiers and compete with them. At the same time, he wanted to invade their culture and finance!
 To the king of Dali, this was simply riding on his head and shitting on it.
  This is too much!  Does he really think that he'll be able to defeat this King just because he lost a small battle last night?
 Director Zhao was still calm,"if the king of li doesn't agree, then the value of his existence is not high!"
 Director Zhao stood up straight and looked at the Dali King,""The governor said that if the king doesn't agree, in three days, Yuanping martial arts university will have 400 top rankers, 30 undying monster plants, 100000 heaven-battling troops, one Heavenly King, and the other Heavenly Star powerhouses. They will annihilate the Li Dynasty in one day!"
 The Dali King looked at him coldly.
 At this moment, Jiang Li also said coldly,""Anyone can talk big!"
 Who are you trying to scare?
 Heavenly King?
 Where did this Heavenly King come from?
 How could there be a Heavenly King in this era?
 As for the rest, that was open to discussion.
 "The Dean of the Yuanping martial arts university, the grandson of the Supreme in the new martial era, senior Zhang an!"
 Director Zhao smiled,"if your Majesty doesn't believe me, we can bet on it!" The king also knew that heaven's will favored the governor. The governor opened a new path and formed his own heaven and earth domain. The officiant should be even more clear that the governor could control the heaven and earth domain! Once the domain is out, combat strength will be free within the domain!"
 Jiang Li's expression changed. He said in a low voice,""Li Hao's strength is limited. Although he has the broken power of immortality, it's impossible for him to make a Heavenly King come out!"
 Director Zhao laughed,"it is difficult to do it alone but the bright star martial arts isn't just limited to the governor. Everyone knows how to be a Silver Moon Martial Master. With the integration of domains, not to mention Heavenly Kings, even venerable sovereigns can be accepted!"
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "The two of you don't know about the new Dao's divine abilities or its strength. If the king doesn't respond ... The king will bear the consequences!"
 "Is this a threat?" the Dali King asked indifferently.
 "Yes!"
 Director Zhao nodded,"it's a threat!" The governor also said that unless the king relinquishes his Foundation, leaves the North, and joins the other three countries, the governor might be wary of the four sides. Otherwise, the king can only compromise. If he does not compromise, Dali will be removed from the world within three days!"
 "Impudent!"
 Jiang Li shouted,"do you really think there's no one in the Li Dynasty?" If Li Hao dares to do this, the God of Dali's first martial stage will definitely come out in person. My King will also be protected by the will of heaven. Even if the God doesn't come out, the God's bones can take over his body without any restrictions. It's still unknown who will win!"
 Using an ancient expert to threaten him?
 Jiang Li was furious!
 If things really came to this point, it was not as if Dali could not fight!
 The king of Dali dared to conquer the world, so how could he be afraid of these ancient experts?

 Director Zhao quickly revealed a smile."The officiant's words are reasonable. Since that's the case ... Then the Heavenly Star governor's office will give in a little. The matters of currency and trade can be delayed. There's no rush!"
 Jiang Li was furious!
 Was he coaxing a child?
 When director Zhao saw this, he smiled,"before the governor came, he also had some words to say. If the king of Dali agrees to these conditions, after the elite soldiers are trained, he can fight with Dali to conquer the world. First, we will destroy the three countries, then we will fight the ancient city. The king of Dali is the Lord. You should know that if two tigers fight now, one will definitely be injured!" Or does the king of Dali think that he can take down heavenstar and the military governor?"
 The king of Dali was silent.
 Jiang Li was also silent.
 After witnessing Li Hao's strength, who was confident in taking him down?
 Even if he said that the Dali King could possess the God's bone with the beginner martial bone, it wouldn't be that simple. Besides, it wasn't like Li Hao didn't have a way to deal with it.
 However, Li Hao's conditions ... Although the Li Dynasty's King had also thought of them in the beginning, were not enough.
 However, the situation was different now.
  "It's not impossible, but I have a request,"the Dali King said slowly after a long time.
 "Please speak, my King."
 Director Zhao was all smiles, making him look really infuriating.
 "First, make Li Hao return the God's bone that he took," the king of Dali said calmly.
 Director Zhao raised his eyebrows but didn't say anything.
 "Second, the ancient experts aren't stupid. They won't take the bait all the time. We won't be able to lure many of them. If they do, we'll give them seventy percent of our essence power!"
 Director Zhao remained silent.
 "Third, I want the complete and comprehensive cultivation method of the new Dao, including the theoretical aspects, and not the cost manual!"
 Director Zhao frowned.
 This condition was something he had not expected.
 Seeing that the king of Dali didn't say anything, director Zhao smiled,""Other than these three, are there any more?"
 The king of Dali nodded."There's one last condition. I've led an Army to Heavenly Star. It's a long journey. Since Li Hao wants to use my Li Dynasty's soldiers to train ... Then all the supplies will be provided by you, Heavenly Star!"
 He said calmly,"I've brought some meat with me. I have the Cang mountains behind me, so I don't lack meat. All the soldiers can eat cattle, and their daily consumption is as high as three million catties ... Li Hao only needs to provide a month's worth of food for the Li Dynasty!"
 3 million Jin a day, close to 100 million Jin a month.
 On average, each person would consume 3 Jin of food a day. To transcendents, this was not a lot.
 However, they still had to go with meat.
 Director Zhao's expression changed.
 Food was not just a problem for the Li Dynasty. Currently, Silver Moon had millions of soldiers, and everyone needed to eat. The people thought that food was the most important thing, and even transcendents needed to eat if they had not reached a certain level.
 If he didn't eat, he wouldn't have the energy to kill his enemies.  Silver Moon had already exhausted a lot of his energy.
 "Since the Li Dynasty is preparing to invade heavenstar, how could they not be preparing ..." He said with a frown.
 "The day we crossed the Cang mountains," the king of Dali said calmly,"I was prepared to occupy the North and seize the Granary, not station at the foot of the Cang mountains. If Li Hao doesn't allow it, then so be it!" I have my own plans to fight or retreat. "
 At this moment, director Zhao was a little hesitant.
 This was too much!
 Especially in the past few years, Heavenly Star was not very peaceful. Large areas had no harvest. Now, they could only rely on a few monster plants to provide divine rice to satisfy some of the shortage.
 However, if they were to supply it to the Li Dynasty ...
 p This ... The Li Dynasty was an enemy.  Who would feed the enemy with the food they lacked and then kill them?
 Once this news got out, Li Hao would probably be cursed to death by everyone in the world!
 As of now, there are still many people on the various continents who don't have food to eat.
 The central continent's situation was slightly better. The northern continent also had grain and fodder being transported over. However, the other three continents did not have any.
 Once the news was leaked ... Wouldn't that tarnish Li Hao's reputation?
 Letting the enemy eat his own food, then killing his own people ...
 The Li Dynasty King's condition was simply too much!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Zhao was silent.
 In fact, he was just sending a message quickly.
 He really couldn't make the decision.
  ……
 Silver City.
 When Li Hao received the news and told them, everyone was furious!
 "You can 't!"
 At this moment, even Qian Wuliang said in a hurry,""Governor, once we provide food to the Li Dynasty, you can come and kill the soldiers of Heavenly Star. Even if everyone knows that this is for the sake of training soldiers ... The families of the soldiers who died in battle will not think this way. The people who are still starving will not think this way. The world is in turmoil, and we are already in a difficult situation. We must not agree to this. Otherwise, even if you do a hundred things right, even if you create a million elite soldiers ... You will not be able to withstand the curses of the people!"
 Hong Yitang, who had been silent all this while, frowned and said,""We can't agree to this rashly. This king of Dali ... Has ill intentions! The Li Dynasty has been supporting millions of soldiers for 200 years, so it's impossible that they don't even have enough food. If that's the case ... The Li Dynasty's so-called efforts to rule the country would be a joke!"
 "Moreover, the other party is backed by the Cang mountains. Not to mention the demons, even the ordinary wild animals in the Cang mountains are endless ... How could they be short of food?"
 The king of Dali had deliberately buried a mine for Li Hao!
 If he agreed and the news got out, Li Hao would be cursed to death by the world.
 Nan Quan was even more furious,"there's more than one?" I can't agree to any of the first conditions! Did this Li Dynasty really think they were something? "It's not like we didn't see the battle yesterday. Those Li Dynasty powerhouses are just so-so! Apart from a million elite soldiers, which is not bad, what right does the Li Dynasty have to negotiate with us? If they didn't allow it, then they would directly attack and Exchange their lives for elite soldiers! If you kill too many, you'll naturally become elite soldiers!"

 In his opinion, if the Li Dynasty did not agree, he would attack them.
 Kill him until the heavens and earth are turned upside down!
 Perhaps the losses would be great, but wouldn't those who survived become elite soldiers?
 At this moment, the number of people gathered here had almost reached four million. The wilderness to the North of the Silver City was now densely packed and boundless. The Army had almost occupied the entire place.
 If a million of them died, would they be afraid that the rest would not become elite soldiers?
 Everyone was against it.
 They felt that Li Dynasty's conditions were too much, and there was no need to pay attention to them. They would just attack directly. If the soldiers were not strong, they would make up for it with numbers. If not, they would make up for it with the strong!
 Li Hao touched his chin.
 After listening for a while, he smiled and said,""Don't worry, I'm not stupid. There's no reason to give up land and pay reparations after winning. King Li, it's just a casual remark, don't take it too seriously. "
 He then smiled."How about this? let's change a few conditions. We can agree to the power of the origin source. Even if we lure them here ... It's their ability! I can return one of the bones of the initial stage to them, and I can keep one for research ... As for the method of cultivation, I can give it to them. The Constitution of the people of Li Dynasty is quite different from ours. If they want to learn, sure, I can change their bodies!"
  Li Hao continued,"I'm also short on food. However, since the king of Dali has been willing to spar with me, I'll give him the Zheng family's main city. There are many monster plants in the city that can be used to grow food. If he can take down the Zheng family's main city, it'll be his!"
 “……”
 Everyone was startled, and their eyes were filled with a strange look.
 You might as well give him heaven battling city!
 Since when was it your turn to assign ancient cities?
 If it was so easy to take down the ancient city, you would have done so long ago. Why are you still here distributing it to others?
 You must be joking!
 These words were no different from farting. If water hadn't entered the Dali King's brain, he probably wouldn't have taken it seriously.
 Li Hao chuckled."I promised him and even gave him more. As long as it's not too bad for my reputation, don't be too overbearing. Be a little humble. He's a King after all, so I have to give him some face."
 "That's not all," he continued."When my elite soldiers are trained ... I've seen the map. Dali is actually not too far away from the divine Kingdom in the West and the great wilderness in the East. I'm willing to leave a country for Dali to swallow! To make friends with Dali ..."
 He started farting again!
 Everyone was speechless.
 The divine Kingdom of the West and the great wilderness of the East were all enemies of heavenstar. To give their land to the king of Dali ... You really ... Really treated the king of Dali as an idiot.
 Was this low-profile?
 Was this considered giving face to the Dali King?
 You're treating him like an idiot, right?
 ,m Li Hao, on the other hand, was smiling brightly."Lastly, I'll give him one more benefit. If he agrees, I can transform Jiang Li into a woman at any time. As long as he likes it!"  “……”
 Everyone was silent.
  In an instant, the surroundings were frighteningly silent.  "Governor," Huang Yu said after a long while,"director Zhao is currently in the enemy camp. This ... Why don't we skip it? otherwise, I'm afraid he won't be able to come back."
 Are you trying to kill old Zhao on purpose?
 Just say it!
 To say such words in front of the king and officiant of Dali, it would be strange if director Zhao didn't die if he was weaker.
 Only then did they realize that sometimes, Li Hao was really ... Really black-hearted.
 Everyone was guessing that this person wanted to kill director Zhao.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had an innocent look on his face as he said,"I'm serious!" "Jiang Li sacrificed the God's bone of primary martial force for King Dali's goal, and King Dali wants the God's bone the moment we meet. He's not afraid to start a war with me. There's definitely something wrong with these two!" If I help them, I might be able to obtain great benefits. "
 Why did these people feel that this was not reliable?
 Wasn't it normal for some people to love beauty over the country?
 I can make babies now!
 "Just tell me what you like, or if you want to become a woman, I can fulfill your wish. You can have whatever you want, no problem!"
 Huang Yu tried to persuade him again,""Then ... Why don't we wait for director Zhao to leave, then the governor ... We can ask them through other means?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was better not to let old Zhao say anything.
 After all, they were Silver moon's colleagues and had worked together for decades. Huang Yu felt that he had to save old Zhao.
 Li Hao smiled."That works too! If the Li Dynasty doesn't agree ... Then send out our troops and play with them slowly. I'm not in a hurry. The other three countries haven't made any big moves yet. Perhaps they're still waiting for us and the Li Dynasty to fall into a state of anxiety ... These guys are so slow in sending out their troops, so I'll fulfill their wishes!"
 Everyone was relieved.
 This was good!
 ……
  At this moment, director Zhao also stated Li Hao's other conditions. The king of Dali had a strange expression.
 He was really ... F * cking shameless!
 "Give me the Zheng family's main city. I can choose between the Western divine Kingdom and the eastern great wilderness ... Why don't you just give both to me?
 Was this a benefit?
 Li Hao was too ... Disgusting!
 However, Li Hao's willingness to return a God's bone and everything related to the neo martial arts was a little unexpected. He had only asked for an exorbitant price, but Li Hao had actually agreed to a few conditions.
 "That's it then!"The Dali King said slowly.
 He wasn't prepared to retreat!
 Since that was the case ... It was not bad to be able to get back some things.
 Director Zhao smiled and didn't say anything else. He left a communication Jade and said,"The governor asked me to leave this behind. If you have anything to say, you can directly send a message to the king of Dali ... Then I'll take my leave first!"

 Li Hao sent him a message, asking him to go back.
 He also said to speed up.
 Director Zhao didn't know the inside story, but since he said so, then he would go back first.
 The king of Dali didn't mind and said lightly,""You may withdraw!"
 Director Zhao laughed, turned around and left.
 On both sides, some of the divine guards glared at him. He didn't care, what was he looking at?
 Old Zhao, what kind of situation has he not seen before? even a bunch of ancient city powerhouses can't scare me, let alone a few divine guards.
 As soon as he walked out of the Li Army's camp, a furious roar suddenly came from the king's tent behind the Army,""Li Hao, you've gone too far!"
 The moment he said that, a pair of giant fists charged towards director Zhao.
 Director Zhao was shocked and immediately ran away. He was so shocked that he was confused. What was going on?
  Wasn't he just fine just now?
 Even when he made such a request, the other party didn't get angry. Did Li Hao send him a message to make the other party so angry?
 In the distance, from the direction of the silver Blizzard city, Li Hao's voice could be heard. He said with a smile,""I'm serious. I can fulfill your wish. It's absolutely genuine and flawless. It's definitely not a puppet or a machine."
 "Bastard!"
 "Li Hao, I'm going to kill you!" The Li King's voice resounded through the heavens.
 At this moment, the Dali King's anger exploded, and he threw a punch in the direction of the Silver City!
 A sword light flashed!
 With a loud boom, the heavens and earth shook. A powerful aura swept in all directions. Many experts who were watching closely from afar were surprised. What was going on?
 Yesterday, after the two of them had fought, they had both retreated.
 Why was there another battle today?
 The king of Dali should know that he might not be able to do anything to Li Hao, so why was he so angry?
 Li Hao laughed heartily."If you don't want to, then so be it. Maybe I misunderstood, or maybe you prefer your current state. I was being a busybody, so let's forget about it. If the king of Dali is interested ... You can come to me at any time!"
 "Hmph!"
 "Hmph!" A cold snort shook the world.
 The king of Dali's face turned ashen!
 This was the first time he had been disgusted and angered by Li Hao. Even though he had suffered a loss yesterday, he didn't feel that Li Hao was so detestable. Li Hao, this bastard, did he look like an Overlord at all?
 Beside him, Jiang Li didn't know what was going on. He only knew that the king flew into a rage after seeing the communication Jade.
 It was also the first time he had seen the Dali King lose his composure.
 This ... What was going on?
 He was a little confused. This was the first time he had seen his King, and he was already in such a state after reading a message. Could Li Hao's words strike his heart?
 "My King, what ... Is going on?"
 The king of Dali glanced at him. After a long while, he said in a low voice,""Get out!"  Jiang Li was stunned!
 This ... This attitude wasn't very friendly.
 He still wanted to say a few more words, but the king of Dali said coldly,""Get out!"
 Jiang Li frowned and sighed. He got up and left.
 The king of Dali ... Was defeated yesterday. Could it be that he had lost his mind?
 Such an attitude towards the officiant was not a good thing.
 After Jiang Li left, the king of Dali wanted to crush his communication Jade, but he thought that he might need to contact Li Hao. Gritting his teeth, he didn't do so in the end. He was still furious.
 Li Hao ... Just you wait, I'll tear you into pieces!
 You actually dare to humiliate me like this!
 ……
 Silver City.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows. The entire residence was very quiet at this moment. He was secretly amazed at Li Hao's bold words.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It almost triggered a new round of war.
 Even though they were not afraid, they still felt that it was ridiculous for an all-out war to break out again because of this reason.
 When director Zhao returned, he was still a little confused,""That king of Dali ... I don't know what's going on ..."
 Huang Yu quickly transmitted a few words.
 Director Zhao's expression changed and he was speechless. He looked at Li Hao and realized that he was still a young man. He was really ... A Blabbermouth!
 No wonder the Dali King almost exploded with anger!
 If it were him, he would probably be a little depressed. After all, the Dali King was an Overlord, so how could he not be angry?
 Fortunately, he had left directly. Otherwise, the king of Dali would probably kill him as a sacrifice.
 Li Hao chuckled and said,"I misunderstood. I just realized that he likes men more ... But he has a Special Hobby!" Forget it, we don't care about his hobby. We just want to fulfill his wish. If he doesn't appreciate it, then forget it!"
  Then, Li Hao said,"before I go into seclusion, I want to make a trip to the Zhao family's main city ..."
 "You can 't!"
 As soon as these words were spoken, seven or eight people spoke at the same time.
 Hong Yitang's expression was serious."Now, we're not sure if the main city that has rebelled is the Zheng family. If it is, we can go to the Zhao family's main city. But if it isn't and the Zhao family's main city has rebelled, once the governor goes, there will definitely be Saints in the main city! Even if they didn't fully recover ... Besides, if the Zhao family's main city rebelled, it wouldn't be strange for a Heavenly King to be in charge! He doesn't lack energy and has countless strong people. Maybe he just lied to director Zhao ... This trip will be extremely dangerous!"
 Now, it was really impossible to determine which family it was.
 It was unlikely that he would be in heaven battling city. Otherwise, Li Hao would have been doomed after going there many times.
 However, the other seven cities, including sword city, all had the possibility of rebelling.
 It was too dangerous to meet those old fogeys at this time.
 Yuan Shuo, who had always been bold, also said in a deep voice,""I can't go! The situation is still unclear, and it will be too dangerous if we enter the city of Traitors by mistake!"
 "Although I hope that the military governor can communicate with martial Union, if we go now, it's indeed dangerous. Even I can't determine whether martial Union is the ancient city that has betrayed us or not ..." Director Zhao said softly.

 The Zhao family's ancient city was called martial Union, and it was said that the Zhao family's ancestor was the Alliance master of the martial arts sect.
 No one was interested in the name.
 At this moment, everyone was trying to stop Li Hao, because this was too risky.
 Even the ninth master, who had not participated in this, said slowly,""The Zhao family ... I don't think it's likely that they will betray us. Although the ancestors of the Zhao family were not venerable sovereigns, and they were at odds with the Supreme martial artists during the neo martial era ... The Zhao family is still righteous in their bones ... Of course, I don't recommend you to go to other main cities at this moment."
 Everyone was against it.
 Li Hao rubbed his chin and smiled.""There's no need to be so nervous. We don't have to take risks for the exchange. I'm not a stubborn person, and I'm not someone who doesn't care about my life ... How about this? I'll go outside the Zhao family ancient city, and director Zhao will enter. If the experts of the Zhao family ancient city are willing to exchange, you can arrange for some avatars to exchange with me outside the city!"
 "It's not like we can't summon our avatars now, why are you all so nervous?"he looked at the crowd with some doubt.
 Everyone was stunned.
 They didn't speak.
 That's true!
  Communication ... There were many methods.
 However, everyone thought that Li Hao's words carried enormous weight, and he was powerful. Moreover, he had the intention to swallow the whole world. Now that he was going to the Zhao family's ancient city, everyone naturally thought that he would be in danger alone.
 But after hearing Li Hao's words ... It seemed ... There was nothing wrong with that.
 If the ancient city of the Zhao family was willing to talk, they could send their avatars.
 Director Zhao also heaved a sigh of relief,""Then, Governor ... What goal do you hope to achieve?"
 "I don't have many requirements for neo martial arts," Li Hao said."I don't have many ideas ... It's just that, in order to be more harmonious in the future, I hope the Zhao family can show some attitude."
 Li Hao laughed."It's not that I have a goal. I just hope that these neo martial arts main cities can take a stand instead of waiting and hiding in silence. If this goes on ... I'll treat them as potential enemies!"
 Li Hao's expression gradually turned serious."They're not making any noise. They're not sending troops. They're not sending people. They're not communicating. They're just waiting ... If this continues, how can I not be on guard?" When that time really comes ... I will no longer have any expectations or tolerance!"
 The Zhao family's ancient city had always been in contact with director Zhao, but this time, when Li Hao returned with his Army, the Zhao family's main city didn't do anything!
 This was actually not right.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Whether it was to help or to do other things, they had to have a certain attitude. For example, heaven battling city sent 10000 troops, 9th Division commander's clone went to battle, and director Wang himself went to battle. This was the attitude.
 His attitude was unclear ... It was not a good sign for him to keep hiding.
 The other major cities were the same.
 Now, the world could accommodate the appearance of some origin source avatars. It was not like they could not come out, unless the other party had not recovered at all and the entire city was in a sealed state.  Director Zhao thought about it and nodded."Maybe they're still observing ... Of course, if you're willing to meet them, I can make the arrangements!"
 "Let Wang Ye come along!" The ninth Division commander said after some thought.
 At the side, director Wang was a little sad and helpless,""I can go, but I'm afraid they won't recognize me!"
 “……”
 There was nothing wrong with his words. His aura had changed and his origin was gone. He might really not recognize him.
 The ninth Division commander was also speechless.
 Li Hao smiled and said,"no need, you two don't have to do this!" "I don't want to use neo martial to pressure neo martial and force them to make any decisions. I just hope that they can show their attitude. If they don't want to be with me, that's fine, but at least I want to know their attitude!"
 After saying that, Li Hao added, the other ancient cities are the same!
 "I might not be staying here for the next few days. I hope that everyone can become stronger. Maybe I can settle everything by myself ..."
 Li Hao looked at his teacher, Hong Yitang, and the others, and said slowly,""But I hope even more that without me ... Everyone would've been able to do all of this! Elders, don't lose yourself and yourself. The bright star sector has just been discovered, and it's a good opportunity for everyone! I also don't wish ... That after a thousand years, no one will be able to travel with me. The universe is too big, and the outside world might be even more exciting!"
 Everyone was silent. At this moment, they seemed to have completely understood Li Hao's thoughts.
 Li Hao ... Was still the same Li Hao.
 Perhaps there would be some changes, but he had no interest in being the human King or Emperor.
  He just saw injustice!
 He just felt that the world was dark, and he just wanted to light the first fire. Perhaps, if the king of Dali could conquer the world and treat the people better, he would even be willing to withdraw from the war.
 Was it like this?
 At this moment, everyone was thinking.
 "Don't worry, we know what to do!"Yuan Shuo took a deep breath. This world ... Is not just your world! Just as you said, this world is the martial world, our martial world!"
 Li Hao smiled."You know me best, teacher!"
 Yuan Shuo did not say anything.
 What the hell do you know?
 You're getting more and more mysterious.
 At this moment, he had no idea what Li Hao was thinking. Perhaps Li Hao had never wanted to be a tyrant from the beginning. Perhaps even now, the only thing that this guy could not forget was revenge.

 "Director Zhao, please make the arrangements. I hope to meet the people from the Zhao family's main city as soon as possible!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. He floated away and said,""Help me keep an eye on the three major organizations and see how the Li Dynasty reacts. If the Li Dynasty retaliates against the three major organizations, tell the Li Dynasty's King that Ying Hongyue is mine!" He said.
 No one said anything.
 Ying Hongyue ran too quickly and kept avoiding Li Hao. It was unknown if she was lucky or if she had other plans.
 However, everyone knew that no matter how calm Li Hao was now, it was all fake if he didn't kill Ying Hongyue.
 From the very beginning, his goal had been to kill Ying Hongyue.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yuan Shuo exhaled and said slowly,"everyone, don't just focus on the world ... The world belongs to all of us. Ying Hongyue is his greatest inner demon. If he doesn't kill Ying Hongyue, he won't be able to get past this. I'm worried that the stronger he is, the easier it is for him to get into trouble!"
 Everyone nodded and did not say much.
 These days, Li Hao rarely mentioned revenge, but when he mentioned Ying Hongyue again today ... Li Hao felt that the time had come and that he was strong enough. He was a little restless.
  He didn't even touch the Dali King at this moment and didn't choose to kill the Dali cultivators directly. Perhaps it was to not alert the enemy and not give Ying Hongyue a chance to escape again.
 Perhaps, Li Hao's training plan was just a side effect.
 This guy just didn't want Dali to suffer too heavy a loss and give Ying Hongyue a chance to grow stronger again.
 Of course, these speculations were all in everyone's hearts, but none of them spoke out.
 Training soldiers was a major event in the world.
 If it was just to restrict Ying Hongyue, people would think that Li Hao was too narrow-minded. Since that was the case ... He would just treat it as training his soldiers!
 At this moment, everyone had a tacit understanding.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Within the Li Dynasty.
 Ying Hongyue looked to the South. Her line of sight seemed to go beyond the Cang mountains. After a long time, she took a deep breath and slowly said,"Li Hao is getting stronger and stronger. I have a bad feeling about this!"  The people around him looked at him with some doubt, some strangeness, and some laughter. "You're scared?"
 "I'm not afraid ... It's just that ... I might have been wrong about something,"Ying Hongyue said calmly.
 "What?"
 Everyone was puzzled. What was wrong?
 "Li Hao ... Everything he's done, perhaps ... Is just to kill all the cards I might have up my sleeve. He's already forced me to the North of the Cang mountains ..." Ying Hongyue calmly said.
 Everyone felt strange. You chose to come to the North of the Cang mountains. What does it have to do with Li Hao?
 Li Hao had stopped targeting the three major organizations since a long time ago.
 Other people attacked the nine divisions, the royal family, the city of superpowers, the Li Dynasty, and everyone else ... They could not be bothered with you, but you have to flatter yourself?
 According to Ying Hongyue's words, it seemed that Li Hao conquered the world only so that he had no place to hide!
  It was a little ridiculous!
 At this moment, the Yama and the others didn't say anything. They only wanted to laugh. They were just scaring themselves. Ying Hongyue couldn't have been scared silly by Li Hao, right?
 Ying Hongyue didn't say anything else.
 p He glanced at the South again. He didn't have any evidence, but his intuition told him that Li Hao ... Had swallowed up the world and driven the three major organizations from the central region to the North, and then from the North to the Li Dynasty.  Although it was his own choice every time, today, he suddenly had a thought. Maybe ... It wasn't his own choice?
 Every time, he felt a little forced and helpless.
 Like a stray dog, he fled again and again!
 "I hope ... It's just an illusion!"
 He thought that perhaps he was just overthinking it. If that was the case, it would be a bit disappointing. How could Li Hao be so calculative?

 The Zhao family's main city was called martial Union.
 It was a very unique name for the main city.
 In the past, the Zhao family ancestor was the leader of the martial arts world. In the neo martial era, the martial arts world was actually very weak. However, the Zhao family ancestor still unified the martial arts world and gradually integrated it into the neo martial world.
 Later, when the sword venerable moved into the small world, the Zhao family also chose to move in order to rebuild the martial arts world.
 Among the Silver Moon eight great families, the Li family was the leader. The other seven families were not that far apart. Even though the Zhao family did not have a venerable sovereign behind them, their ancestor was not much weaker than a venerable sovereign at his peak.
 All these years, director Zhao had mainly contacted the Zhao family.
 However, although director Zhao contacted many people, he didn't give them many resources. At the same time, the Zhao family didn't give them much feedback, causing the cooperation between the two sides to be superficial.
 Among the eight great families "song songs, the Zhao family's song was famous for its fist technique.
 Li Jiajian, Zhang jiadao, and Zhao jiaquan. According to this order, Zhao jiaquan's ranking would still be very high.
 The Zhao family's ancient city was located near the White moon City. It was very close to the White moon City, only about a hundred miles away. Hence, director Zhao was able to go there very quickly.
  ……
 On this day.
 The Zhao family's ancient city was originally dead silent, but today, it was a little noisy.
 Zhao Shuguang, who had not been there for a few days, stepped into the Zhao family's ancient city.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com A golden-armored warrior appeared at the gate of the city.
 Director Zhao smiled and cupped his hands,""Good Morning, seventh elder!"
 The Zhao family's ancient city was slightly different from other cities.
 It had a very strong family and sect nature. Other than the Army that was based on the standard of new martial arts, the other management of the city, besides the city Lord, was not any other position, but the elders.
 This was also a specialty of martial Union.
 The seventh elder also had an official position. However, in martial Union, people preferred to call him the seventh elder. He was also one of the ancient experts that Zhao Shuguang had the most contact with. It was said that he had reached the peak of immortal realm in the past and was close to the divine Dao.
 As for whether or not that was the case, director Zhao didn't ask.
 The seventh elder's armor trembled as he laughed heartily,""Little Zhao, I haven't seen you for a few days. You look quite well. It seems that the Li Dynasty has not brought you too much trouble."
 "With Governor li around, although the Dali King is strong, he won't be able to do much!" Director Zhao smiled.  After saying so, he bluntly said,"I've also come here on an important matter. Governor li is currently outside martial Union. He wishes to have a chat with the Zhao family's seniors."
 As soon as he said that, a few more figures appeared around him.
 "Is there a need to talk so much?" someone asked indifferently.
 Director Zhao frowned and was a little confused, but he didn't say anything.
 He had been in contact with the Zhao family for many years. The Zhao family was not easy to get along with, but under normal circumstances, they would not be hostile to others for no reason.
 But this time, with Li Hao's return, the Zhao family ... Was indeed a little off.
 On the other hand, the seventh elder wasn't so cold. Instead, he smiled and said,""The Li family descendant is here. It is reasonable to see him, not to mention that he is the master of this place."
 "But there are some questions that we have not been able to answer. The most important one is ... What is the situation with the Li family's sword city?"
 The seventh elder sighed,"the Li family itself is in a mess, you tell me, how can we be willing to say anything more to the Li family?."
 Director Zhao was a little surprised."What you mean is that you don't want to see Governor li because the neo martial Li family ... Is too chaotic, and the Zhao family doesn't want to participate?"
 The seventh elder thought for a while and nodded,""It's not just us. Right now, perhaps no one from the major cities has gone to meet this person. It's not just because he's not from our era. The key is that ... There are some problems that we can't explain, so we can't participate much."
 "Of course," he said softly,"it's also because he didn't reveal any of his strength before. Although he did yesterday ... What he said about li daoheng made us hesitate again."
  The seventh elder sighed."There's one more thing. It's also very important. Li Hao must have shattered the Hong family's godly hammer and the Liu family's wind-chasing boots ... This ... This is a bit ... Inappropriate!"
 He said in a low voice,"in our opinion, or rather, in many people's opinion, Li Hao's destruction of these things has actually cut off our hope of opening the Stargate! We have complicated feelings about him. We even have to guess if he is related to the traitor. Now, they were just putting on a show. After all, the traitor probably doesn't want to open the Stargate now ..."
 Director Zhao was stunned.
 At this moment, he finally understood something.
 No one paid any attention to Li Hao's return, not only because of the Li family's chaos, but also because he had shattered the divine weapons of the eight great families, which made them somewhat afraid.
 In addition, Li Hao had not only broken these two. He had also broken the Zhang family's saber.
 To the Zhang, Hong, and Liu families, Li Hao's actions were no different from humiliation, provocation, and even hostility. It had a lot of meaning.
 Director Zhao thought about it and said,"seniors, are you still not willing to meet?" It might be more appropriate to discuss some matters. At the very least, the Wang family had always supported Governor li. It might be beneficial to both of us if we communicate more. "
 "Not only the Wang family, but Yuanping martial arts university is also willing to support the governor ..."
 The seventh elder wanted to say something more, but at this moment, a voice came from the city,""Seventh brother, you should go out and talk to that person."

 The seventh elder turned his head to take a look. It was the second elder's words.
 Currently, he was the strongest expert martial Union had managed to revive. As for the first elder, he had gone out with the city Lord in the past. Currently, aside from the city guards, the second elder was the strongest person in the city.
 Originally, he didn't want to go out, but since the second elder had spoken, the seventh elder nodded his head slightly.""Then I'll go out and meet this Governor li. However, the heavens and earth can not accommodate me, so I'll send a clone out. You don't mind, right?"
 "Second elder, I'll go too!"
 "I also want to hear it and see why this arrogant guy dared to break the divine weapons of the other families so easily!"
 “……”
 A few cultivators also spoke one after another. Some of these people were wrapped in armor, and some were directly suspended above the divine weapons.
 The seventh elder didn't say anything.
 Very quickly, a strand of origin split off and turned into a middle-aged man. He was rather dignified and no longer covered himself with armor.
 "Little Zhao, lead the way!"
  This was the first time director Zhao saw the true form of the seventh elder. He only glanced at him and didn't say anything. At this moment, a few people followed behind him and they didn't say anything.
 ……
 Outside the ancient city.
 Martial Union's entrance was in front of a waterfall. At this moment, the sound of water flowing could be heard as the waterfall crashed against it.
 Li Hao didn't bring too many people with him, only director Wang.
 Meanwhile, director Wang was also talking to Li Hao.""Martial Union's city Lord isn't Alliance master Zhao from back then. He's Alliance master Zhao's son. However, he should have left the Stargate with the sword Saint. "Besides the city Lord, the Zhao family also has nine elders. Not all of them come from the Zhao family, but from various families. Some of them even came from the martial arts world ..."
 "The Army of the Zhao clan is called the rising martial Army. This is actually the name of the ancestor of the Zhao clan."
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 Director Wang continued,"the Zhao family is actually good at using knives .."
 Li Hao was stunned and looked at him.
 Saber techniques?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Wang nodded."However, that was the ancestor of the Zhao family. He was a descendant of the Zhao family. Later on, he was better at fist techniques. That's why there's the Zhao family fist."
 Li Hao nodded again.
 As he said that, the waterfall in the distance trembled and director Zhao walked out.
 A few people followed behind.
 The body was slightly illusionary, but the face was clear. It was not like the betraying ancient city, where the face was blurry and unclear.
 "Greetings, seniors." Li Hao stood up and bowed slightly."Greetings, seniors."
 ? The seventh elder, who had a dignified expression, didn't act arrogantly and cupped his hands in greeting."Wu Lin Union's rising martial Army's 7th Division commander, Hu Sikai!"
 He was not surnamed Zhao.  Li Hao was a little surprised. A commander with a high status.
 On the heaven battling Army's side, Li Hao hadn't seen any of their commanders yet. The others might have left, but it was said that the commander of the reserve guards was still in a deep sleep. Li Hao didn't know if it was true, so he didn't ask.
 "Commander Hu, please take a seat!"
 Li Hao smiled. At this moment, there were stone tables and chairs. In this era of superpowers, a wave of Li Hao's hand was a natural creation.
 The middle-aged man did not stand on ceremony and sat opposite Li Hao.
 The others did not introduce themselves and sat down.
 Some of them looked at Li Hao curiously, while others had unfriendly looks.
 The seventh elder was more straightforward. He sat down and said,""I'll make it clear first. I can not represent martial Union. Martial Union is not a single city. It is more of a discussion between the elders. Currently, a few of the elders have already recovered. I will convey everything that Viceroy li has said. However, I am unable to give a definite answer this time. "
 Before Li Hao could say anything, director Wang was already displeased.""Hu Sikai, who are you trying to fool!"
 The seventh elder looked at him suspiciously.
 "It's me, Wang Ye!"Director Wang was helpless.
 "Wang Ye?"
 "You ..." The seventh elder was surprised.
 "Sever the Dao of origin and cultivate a new Dao."
 The seventh elder immediately frowned. Some of the others were even more impolite. They sneered,""Traitor!"
 Wang Ye was also not polite,'a broken great Dao of origin makes me a traitor? Do you dare to say this to the human King? Do you dare to tell the Supreme martial artist? Do you dare to tell venerable the sword? There are a lot of people who have broken the great Dao of origins. Now that the new Dao is flourishing, I'm a traitor if I break the great Dao of origins? The great Dao of origins was founded by the celestial Thearch and the nine emperors, not the new martial arts. Could those who cultivate the great Dao of origins be traitors?"
 He was often at a disadvantage against the ninth master, but against these few, he was not at all vague. He directly said impolitely,""Before you call me a traitor, look in the mirror. Don't keep saying the word 'traitor'!"
 "You ..."
  "You what you?"
 "Martial Union recovered even earlier than my heaven battling city. What have you been doing all these years?" Wang Ye asked bluntly. He didn't do anything! If Alliance master Zhao was still here, he would've killed all of you with one strike! A bunch of trash. I risked my life to walk out of another path. This is to find a path for neo martial arts. What right do you have to scold me? If you dare to talk nonsense again, I'll tear your mouths apart!"
 “……”
 Even Li Hao was surprised that old Wang had such a sharp tongue.
 He didn't see it before.
 The seventh elder frowned slightly."Alright, Wang Ye. He misspoke. The people from martial Union like to speak bluntly. There's no need to keep chasing after him!"
 Wang Ye curled his lips and no longer said anything.
 Anyway, he had taken advantage of her, so he would just scold her.
 It felt great!
 Li Hao smiled and didn't join in the conversation. He said,""Since senior is so direct, then I, Li Hao, will also be direct. I'm a junior. If there's anything wrong with me, please forgive me."

 Li Hao's smile was still bright."Silver Moon, whether it's the Silver Moon world or the Silver Moon province, it's the place where I grew up. It's my hometown, my home. I hope that Silver Moon will be well. Very well."
 "This place used to be the core of the neo martial arts land ... But it might not be your hometown."
 "Of course, none of this is important."
 Li Hao said softly,"now that the world is in turmoil, Silver Moon is not bad. However, Silver moon's biggest problem is that a large number of experts exist in the ruins and ancient cities. Some have revived, and some have not ... Once the second revival begins, a large number of experts will definitely appear. When that time comes, Silver Moon might become a heaven and earth battlefield."
 Li Hao said,"as far as I know, the remaining neo martial artists are divided into several sides. First, the traitor's side." Second, the official power of neo martial arts. Third, those who felt that neo martial was gone and wanted to set up their own sect. Fourth ... It could be an outsider, but I'm not too sure about the details. "
 "Therefore, when the second recovery begins, I'm afraid there will be no peace."
 Li Hao sighed."If there isn't much turbulence in neo martial arts, I actually hope to see all the seniors come back to life. I want everyone to live in harmony, develop Silver Moon together, or find a way to open the Stargate. That's what I want to see."
 "But now, now, the land of Silver Moon is not that simple. It's not just a simple neo martial artist and silver Moon person."
 The seventh elder frowned slightly and interrupted,""The fourth party you mentioned ... Do you have any specific explanation?"
  "I'm not too sure, maybe it's the red shadow type? Or someone with a very strong mind power ... But not the same as a pure mind power cultivator?"
 Li Hao explained,"I think there's a fourth party because there seems to be a special situation near the Stargate. Some experts might be sealed there. I'm just speculating. There's no concrete evidence to prove the existence of this fourth party."
 The seventh elder pondered for a while before saying,""Maybe ... It really does exist!"
 "Of course, I'm not too sure. But I remember that on the day when the sword Saint and the others left, I was in charge of guarding the city and the security of the city. I seemed to have seen a red shadow. I thought it was some powerful cultivator who was practicing some kind of cultivation technique, so I didn't pay much attention ..."
 Li Hao's words reminded him of something.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and nodded."Let's ignore them for now. At least one thing is for sure. Once you can walk out of the relic, you won't remain unknown, right?"
 The seventh elder was silent for a moment before nodding,"of course!" Whether it's to destroy the traitors or to open the Stargate, we have to fight for it. How can we remain unknown?"  Li Hao chuckled."If that's the case, we'll definitely have some contact. Maybe commander Hu will say,'you do your thing, I do ours', but ... When the strong make a move, the world and society will be in turmoil. The ten billion people of stellarsky are, after all ... People of the new era."
 The seventh elder frowned slightly,"then Governor li, what do you mean?" You can just say it directly. "
 Li Hao sighed."It's not that I have any thoughts. I just want to know what the ancient cities think of the Silver Moon people." What do you think of me, Li Hao? You can't avoid me if you want to open a Stargate. "
 Li Hao said softly,"there are only two ways. First, work with me. We'll find a way to open it together." Second ... Kill me and take the starry sky sword. Contact the others and see if they can activate it. Or ... Contact Ying Hongyue. He has fused seven meridians, or even eight meridians. "
 "Therefore, the ancient cities aren't left with no choice. There's no way to use the eight divine weapons to open the Stargate directly. They can only use the starry sky sword. If I can open it, Ying Hongyue ... Has the same possibility! Does he have the Li family bloodline?"
 Li Hao smiled."Maybe he's not a member of the Li family, but it doesn't matter. He dug up my parents 'graves, and my father was assassinated by him back then. The Li family still has some Li family bloodline. My parents' corpses have disappeared, and even the corpses and remains of my Li family's ancestors have disappeared ... In that case, why can't Ying Hongyue extract the Li family bloodline?"
  As soon as these words came out, everyone's expression changed slightly.
 No one knew that Ying Hongyue had dug up the Li family's grave. Only Li Hao himself knew about this.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The seventh elder's expression also changed slightly. He glanced at Li Hao.
 The young man in front of him had casually mentioned the matter of his ancestors 'graves being dug up and his parents' corpses being taken away to be refined ... He said it so indifferently. Did he come to terms with it, or ... Did he feel that it didn't matter, or was it something else?
 If they were in his shoes, they would have gone mad with anger.
 However, the person in front of him ... Didn't seem to have much of a reaction.
 When he spoke, he was still smiling.
 Li Hao continued,"that's why I'm here. I just want to make it clear. The Stargate is something that we can't avoid. In that case, you can choose to cooperate with me or Ying Hongyue. I don't think there are any other choices."
 Li Hao sighed softly."So ... If you don't want to cooperate with me, you can only choose Ying Hongyue. It's only a matter of choosing one out of two. Commander Hu, do you think the ancient cities can give me a clear answer?"

