fileno%d
martial arts university.
 Li Hao walked in cautiously. The more he knew, the more he feared.
 This was human nature.
 In the past, Li Hao had thought that the ancient civilization had already passed away, so what was there to be afraid of?
 However, after the monster plant survived and director Wang and the others spoke, he learned that the summit tore through space and traveled thousands of miles. He then knew that to the ancient civilization, he was nothing.
 He was just a small fry whose strength had only reached the level of a silver-ranked Captain.
 In the ancient civilization, he was only fit to manage a thousand people.
 Of course, Li Hao wouldn't undervalue himself. He had just started, so he wasn't in a hurry. However, he knew that he had to be more cautious when it came to ancient civilizations.
 They quickly passed through four office buildings.
 Soon, Li Hao entered the back garden, or rather, the field.
  This place had been filled with divine power stones.
 At that moment, no one touched the divine power stones, and there was no need to. The winner would take all. The divine power stones would not grow legs and run away with the winner. If the loser ... Even if he took the stones, the corpse would belong to someone else.
 Looking at the dense amount of divine power stones in front of him, a rich energy overflowed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was shocked.
 So many!
 As for little tree, he seemed to have sensed it as well. He trembled and his mind fluctuated."So many ..."
 It had even thought of it!
 However, at this moment, it was a little hesitant. As a descendant of the monster plant lineage, it was actually very weak. Although it had paid a huge price this time by directly cutting off half of its essence, this was something that ordinary monster plants would not dare to do and would not do.
 However, this place ... Brought it a sense of fear.
 The few of them were considering if they should take it away now.
 Behind him, auras appeared one after another.
 The experts from the outside world had entered.
 The people who were originally hiding all over the place quickly ran out one after another, and hurriedly gathered with the experts at the school gate.
 At this moment, waves of mental energy fluctuations spread out.
 "Xunmu, you're still alive?"
 "Jushan, if you're still alive, will I die?"
 At this moment, the spirit of these monster plants, which were rarely seen on normal days, began to fluctuate.
 They weren't in the same ruins. There were many ruins on Sky Star Island, but they had all been on Sky Star Island before, so they knew each other. Now, after countless years, they met again. Although these Fey plants weren't in their true forms, and they hadn't cut off much of their Origin Energy, they still felt a little nostalgic.
 Neo martial ... Was gone!
 Who would have thought that someone as powerful as neo martial could actually disappear?
 Who would have thought that the ancient king who had dominated the world and conquered the universe would disappear?
 It was unimaginable!
  There was even a feeling that their faith was collapsing. When the Silvermoon land was completely sealed, the people who stayed either died or scattered. They could only watch as the Silvermoon land entered the end of the martial era ... These monster plants suffered an unimaginable blow.  Neo martial was gone!
 The eight protector clans were gone as well. The Army of ten million that had once dominated the world had vanished as well.
 Countless top powerhouses disappeared.
 Until today, neo martial arts had become Paleo martial arts.
 Just like during the heavenly Emperor era, the ancient martial arts that the ancient kings spoke of had become a thing of the past. The powerful beings who created the world had also passed away in time.
 And now, history was repeating itself.
 Neo martial was also gone.
 These monster plants were filled with emotions.
 However, there were some estrangement between them. In the era of neo martial arts, everyone was in the same camp. However, with the passing of neo martial arts, they were no longer in the same camp. They had been silent for countless years, but now ... They were different.
 Time was their greatest enemy.
 "Alright, let's not talk about the past. The past is in the past. This time, they want to kill the successor of the revered sword artist ..."
 The moment he said that, the monster plant fell silent.
 The successor of the sword Saint!
 Back then, who would have dared to move?
 But ... Things have changed with the passage of time. Neo martial arts is gone, so why should I be afraid of these?
 The inheritor of the revered sword had been passed down for countless generations. No one knew how many inheritors of the revered sword had been killed by others, but the revered sword had not returned.
 In the beginning, he might be afraid.
 But now ... Fear was long gone.
 "I smell energy stones ..."
 "Everyone, don't fight with me this time. Once I recover my strength and the space outside is stable, I'll help you recover. You must know that our enemies ... Are not each other, but those fellows from the central continent!"
 In the middle of them was not this place, but the Silver Moon.
  That was the center of the Silvermoon land.
 These monster plants all felt the rich power of energy. Some of the monster plants suddenly transmitted their voices,""This place ... Is not right ..."
 As soon as he said that, the other original source avatars of the monster plants were a little confused and quickly investigated.
 He didn't feel that there was a big problem.
 There were also monster plants that were a little confused,"this place ... In the past ... Have you heard of it before?"
 "I think so ... It's said that an expert came to the stellarsky Island back then and set up Yuanping martial arts university. However, he didn't have much interaction with the residents and the guards on the island. But that was back then ... Don't forget, how many years has it been?"
 They were all old antiques, so who didn't know who was who?
 In this place, there were no living Fey plants or Fey beasts. The humans had all died long ago. Even if they left behind some arrays or other things, what was there to fear?
 Besides ... They were only origin avatars, and they wouldn't really die.
 At this moment, a monster plant's spiritual fluctuation appeared.""I don't want the energy stones, but I want the sword of the venerable sword's successor ..."

 "You have a big appetite!"
 "Aren't you afraid of choking to death!"
 "The sword that was passed down might not be the sword of the sword Lord. Everyone, it might just be an imitation. If it really was the sword of the sword Lord, do you think this person can use it? Even we can't use the sword of the sword venerable easily, let alone him. "
 "That's hard to say. The speed at which venerable the sword changes swords is very fast ... Perhaps it was used by venerable the sword before and was discarded. No matter what, it's not an ordinary item."
 Everyone knew that the sword venerable used a sword. There was a legend that said that with one strike, the enemy would die and the sword would be broken.
 It was not the first time!
 This sword, perhaps it was used by the sword Saint, or perhaps it was an imitation. In any case, the swords of the eight great families were worthy of their coveting. For them, the eight great families were already invincible existences.
 At this moment, these monster plants communicated in secret, and their mental energy spread out.
 The other powerhouses also sensed it, but they didn't say anything.
 Qian Wanhao looked inside and could vaguely see Li Hao and the others. He sent a message: "Be careful. Although we're very confident this time ... We still have to be careful of their counterattack. Since Li Hao dared to come in, he must have something to rely on!"
  After saying that, he took out a mirror fragment and threw it out. A barrier appeared around everyone.
 The next moment, the secretaries of the three departments threw out a fragment at the same time. The four fragments floated in four directions at the same time. Four barriers rose. One barrier had blocked the attack of the transformation back in the Duke dingguo's mansion.
 At this moment, there were four of them!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Even if they wanted to break through it with their divine arts, they would have to pay a price. Moreover, they had many experts, so this was also a precaution.
 The old Secretary of the Department of Commerce was still very vigilant.
 In the next moment, he sent a voice transmission."Later, when you see them, don't talk to them. Throw out all your origin source charms, divine power Charms, super bombs ... Kill one or two of them first!"
 He didn't need to communicate with Li Hao and the others. He only had one goal: to kill them!
 "If they're still alive, the three major organizations will deal with Hong Yitang. The master of stupa mountain and sky ROC mountain will deal with hou Xiaochen. King ding Shan and the other divisions will work with SuperPower City to deal with sky sword and black Panther. Leave Li Hao to us!"
 No one had any objections.
 This time, Li Hao's group of four was perhaps the most difficult to deal with. The others were a little better off.
 This time, no weaklings dared to enter. Apart from the inspection Division, the financial division's Deputy Secretary came to witness Li Hao's death.
 "Don't split up. Be careful of being ambushed by them. Don't give them any chance to take advantage of us ..."
 He was obviously very confident, but at this moment, the old Secretary still kept on saying things, hoping that everyone would pay more attention to it.
 He was reminding everyone not to fail miserably in an easy task.
 ……
 In front.
 Tian Jian furrowed his brows slightly and became rather serious. He looked at the group of people and his expression became rather heavy. He said in a low voice,"Three types of divine abilities ... There are at least three to four people. That Qian Wanhao ... Might even have four types of divine abilities!"  This did not even count as the monster plants that had not been seen yet.
 At this moment, skysword glanced at Li Hao and felt a slight headache. Before he came ... He had been a little careless. Li Hao felt ... Felt like he had not prepared anything!
 I thought you had a bunch of people lying in ambush in the ruins.
 So ... He really didn 't!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, didn't say anything. At this moment, his eyes were like torches as he looked into the distance.
 In his eyes, the world was spinning.
 At this moment, even though he was separated by four fragments, he could see something. He saw balls of blinding light. His Origin Energy had not discovered anything yet. At this moment, he suddenly looked at a few balls of light.
 The first one was Qian Wanhao.
 He glanced around, and at this moment, he seemed to have seen through the other party. His eyes were as hot as the sun. Li Hao muttered,""Amazing! This person is a metal, wood, water, and earth-type expert!"
 It definitely wasn't the same as before. There was a high chance that he'd paid a huge price to level it up recently. The water and earth elements were obviously unstable, and there was a high chance that he'd only had two elements before. Who knew how much he'd paid to level it up to four?
 If these people's five internal organs were stabilized, they could continue to improve, but they would definitely need a lot of spring of life.
 He did not know how much of these spendthrifts had been earned by the monster plants.
 The next moment, he looked at stupa Mountain Master, and his eyes flickered."Three types of divine abilities. Metal, earth, and fire!"
 Then, he looked at the heavenly ROC Mountain Master, the huge bird, and the Black Panther.""I seem to be much stronger than you ..."
 The Black Panther ignored him and only stared at the big Bird.
 With a single glance, they were all experts.
  He scanned them one by one. In the next moment, he was suddenly stunned. He turned back to look at Cheng Yue. He had not paid much attention to Cheng Yue before because he had seen her before and knew that she was weak.
 However, at this moment ... He frowned slightly.
 Orange moon wasn't strong. From the light, it probably advanced to god art recently. It ate a lot of good things and didn't feel very stable.
 However ... There was a faint, blinding Halo around orange moon's body.
 What the hell?
 In an instant, Li Hao actually felt threatened. It should be known that he didn't feel threatened even when he looked at Qian Wanhao. This meant that this four-element magical power user wasn't a match for him at all.
 "Is this Ying Hongyue's trick?"
 Li Hao became more vigilant.
 "That's not a small amount!"
 He glanced at Hong Yitang, who was still calm. At this moment, Hong Yitang was looking across the street as if he had seen someone. Li Hao followed his line of sight and found that he was looking at the people from SuperPower City.

 Li Hao actually didn't know them ... But skysword seemed to be familiar with their style.
 At this moment, Hong Yitang was also a little confused. He glanced at Tian Jian and said,"Are these people from SuperPower City?"
 "Yes."
 "Don't you find it familiar?"
 Tian Jian was puzzled. Familiar?
 He looked at it carefully and didn't find it familiar. Then, he sensed it and suddenly looked at Hong Yitang. What a sharp sense. He was surprised and sent a message. "It's a little familiar ... That smell ... The group of people who appeared in Silver Moon martial forest back then? Are you in cahoots?"
 "Right!"
 "Who?" Li Hao asked curiously.
 "You wouldn't know even if I told you."
 Tian Jian replied.
  Hou Xiaochen chuckled and sent a mental message, "It's just some gossip. It's not a big deal. Back then, a group of foreign martial masters appeared in the Silver Moon martial forest. They claimed to be from an ancient martial arts family and wanted to take back some of the Silver Moon martial forest's Secret techniques, saying that it was their inheritance ... In the end ... Many of them were killed and some were crippled. This was many years ago."
 Oh!
 Li Hao lost interest. So that was the case.
 He thought there was some gossip.
 However, hou Xiaochen quickly continued,"back then, the silver spear, one of the Silvermoon's three Spears, Liu Long's father, actually died in their hands. The ninth refinement force was one of the secret techniques that they wanted to take back. In the end ... Silver spear accepted seven challenges in a day, and used the ninth refinement force each time. In the end, it hurt his Foundation ... And he died of illness."
 "However, they were really sparring. Even though it was a tag-team battle, silver spear wanted to take on the battle himself. After he won, no one said anything."
 Hou Xiaochen added. Back then, silverspear's death had something to do with these people.
 However, he did not break the rules, so when silver spear died, Silver Moon martial forest did not cause any trouble for him. As long as he was in line with the rules, it was fine.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows."Then this time ... It's against the rules to besiege us. I'll kill a few of them first!"
 Hou Xiaochen laughed.
 Yes, he was too arrogant.
 Even now, Li Hao was still so arrogant. To be honest, he didn't understand where Li Hao got his confidence from.
 Li Hao looked around. He moved away from the buildings and retreated to an open space behind him. He didn't want to damage the things here. It would be bad if something went wrong and caused big trouble.
 "Don't wait for them ... When they come later, Minister hou will shoot the soul splitting spear first and break the defense of the mirror fragment! Senior sky sword, use your greatsword to suppress ... A group attack will do! Martial uncle Hong, let's each choose one first ... Who do you choose?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hong Yitang laughed and sent a voice transmission,'I'll ... Choose the Mountain King! King ding Shan seems to have turned into a divine power, so he has at least the strength of three elements. As for martial masters, I'm better at it. "
 King ding Shan was also a Martial Master, but now that he had become a divine power, he was obviously desperate.
 As for the stupa Mountain Master, Hong Yitang did not choose him.
 Stupa Mountain master's offensive power was ordinary, but his defensive power was strong.
 As for Li Hao, he looked around and said,"then I'll choose the guy from the criminal Division. He hates me a lot ... I'll send him on his way first!"
 He had to make sure he could kill them!
 Otherwise, the first strike wouldn't have been so amazing.  The two of them split it like money, causing hou Xiaochen to frown. These two ... What was going on? how could they be so arrogant?
 The criminal law Division's Hu mingfa also had three Sacred Arts.
 That King ding Shan also had three types of abilities.
 To be honest, if he didn't unseal them, he felt that there was a high chance that he wouldn't be able to beat them ... Good Lord, the two of them discussed and killed one each.
 Forget about Li Hao's craziness, was the Earthcover sword this crazy too?
 As for Tian Jian, he only glanced at the two of them without saying a word.
 Since Li Hao had said so ... They would do as Li Hao said.
 ? If there was a problem, no one would be able to escape.
 ……
 Qian Wanhao and the others were also on high alert. They felt a little strange.
 On the other side, Li Hao's group didn't even try to Dodge. They just stood there and waited. Was this ... A head-on battle?
 The more this was the case, the more vigilant he was.
 He was old and no longer as brave as he was when he was young. At this moment, he was much more stable.
 "Be careful!"
 He reminded them again, and everyone nodded with a solemn expression.
 These guys ... Are they crazy?
 The two sides continued to get closer.
 500 meters, 400 meters ...
 At this moment, such a distance could be covered in an instant by experts. However, Qian Wanhao and the others were getting slower.
 Heavenly Peng King of the demon race was getting impatient.
  It did not come here just to kill Li Hao. The key was that it needed some resources. It did not have much contact with monster plants. This time, it also hoped to reach an agreement with a monster plant or a division.
 However, at this moment, the humans were dilly-dallying, and it was getting impatient.
 His side was so powerful, was there a need to do this?
 Qian Wanhao was becoming more and more timid as he got older.
 "Secretary Qian, this King's body is strong ... If you're worried about anything, this King can go first. Everyone, come together later ... Even if Li Hao has three divine powers, this King can still take him down!"
 Qian Wanhao was shocked. You ... This ...
 The demon race was really not afraid of death.
 Aren't you afraid that Li Hao has some tricks up his sleeve?
 But ... Where else could he find such a good thing!
 He wanted to throw an origin talisman over directly, but it would be best if someone could hold them back. Now that a great demon was willing to help, what else could he refuse?

 "Alright, then I'll have to trouble heavenly Peng King. If we succeed this time, each clan will sell some of the spring of life at a low price and provide it to heavenly Peng King!"
 Heavenly Peng King smiled.
 Did they really think it was careless?
 That's not to the extent.
 However, it was confident that its defense wouldn't be broken so easily. Moreover, it was a flying beast with extremely fast speed, so it wouldn't be so easy for something to happen.
 He wanted a promise like this from Qian Wanhao.
 In the next moment, it directly escaped from the defense system at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, it disappeared. It was clearly incomparably huge, but at this moment, everyone seemed to be unable to see its shadow.
 It was too fast!
 As for Li Hao, just as he was about to make his move ... He was slightly stunned.
 艹!
  A fool appeared on the other side. Oh no, he messed up my plan.
 As expected, his teacher had said, in a battle between experts, plans were useless. They had to adapt to the situation. No matter what plans they had, they could not be as fast as changes.
 His original plan was fine ...
 This time, the rhythm was disrupted.
 Li Hao gritted his teeth, somewhat angry.
 Red light flashed in heavenly Peng King's eyes. He was flying in the air, but he seemed to be locked on by something. He was extremely fast, and his sharp claws were almost approaching Li Hao.
 At this moment, Li Hao was somewhat angry.
 "Are all demons so stupid?"
 A sword appeared, and in an instant, three divine runes floated in the air in a way that no one expected. Qian Wanhao, who was opposite him, saw this and was slightly stunned.
 This ... Was very strong, but it was only relatively speaking. Against a true powerhouse, it was actually not that useful. The times were different.
 "Wu Sheng!"
 At that moment, a few divine runes disappeared and fused into the sword.
 Li Hao attacked with his sword!
 Without a sound, water, fire, wind, and Thunder instantly exploded on the sword. Four divine abilities burst out in the blink of an eye, and an extremely powerful force exploded!
 The sword was extremely fast!
 Heavenly Peng King didn't feel any huge energy fluctuations. At this moment, he felt the threat of death. His expression changed drastically, and a white bone appeared in front of him.
 Yes, white bones!
 That was ancient demon great senior's bone armor. It was extremely tough and was also one of the reasons why it was so confident.
 This thing's defensive power was unbelievably strong.
 It was fast, and the speed at which it took out the White bones was even faster.
 But the next moment, Li Hao disappeared.  An extremely threatening force came from above his head.
 "Qiang!"
 The heavenly Peng roared loudly, and before the experts around could react, Li Hao flashed past like a shadow and pierced through the huge golden head!
 In an instant, Li Hao disappeared. When he reappeared, he was already swinging his sword at the people on the other side.
 p "Kill!"  Li Hao roared!
 Behind him, Hong Yitang and the others also appeared and attacked.
 As for heavenly Peng King, his eyes were a little sad. His huge body fell to the ground with a bang. A dog opened its mouth and swallowed the huge heavenly Peng King into its stomach!
 Because the other party was already dead!
 The Black Panther was still thinking that it was a demon-on-demon battle. Who knew that this Big Bird had a problem with its brain? it was the first one to run out, and Li Hao's sword directly pierced through its head. No matter how strong it was, it was useless!
 Heavenly Peng King was very powerful. He had three types of magical powers, and with the powerful bodies of demons, as well as the great demon bone armor as a shield ... Ordinary people really couldn't kill him. In this world, there weren't many who could.
 However, this did not include Li Hao, who was holding the starry sky sword.
 The fusion of four divine powers was much stronger than it, not to mention the fact that the starry sky sword was invincible. Li Hao had not forcefully cut the ancient Fey bone armor, or else ... The bone would have been broken!
 The Black Panther transformed into a huge golden dog and swallowed heavenly Peng King. In the blink of an eye, it didn't kill anyone but ran back and swallowed the heaven and earth. Countless divine energy stones gushed into its stomach like a river.
 These things had to be taken away.
 If it did not take it away ... Something might happen later. The Black Panther's self-awareness told it that it could not leave the divine power Stone there because it sensed that the power of the divine power Stone seemed to be absorbed by something.
 Of course, because there were too many divine power stones, the others didn't sense anything. However, the Black Panther was extremely sensitive to these energies. It could sense that if this continued, something terrifying might be awakened here!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com That was why the Black Panther did not kill anyone at that moment. It was still capable, but it would be fine as long as they were around. It had to take all the divine power stones away, as much as it could. If it was too late, it might lose everything.
 ……
 On the opposite side.
  Qian Wanhao and the others only saw a blur in front of their eyes. Heavenly Peng King disappeared. Then, Li Hao attacked, and Li Hao disappeared and reappeared ... And heavenly Peng King, the Overlord of one of the seven great divine mountains ... Was gone!
 Qian Wanhao was also experienced, and his expression changed instantly. He roared,"Throw!"
 In an instant, those with quick reactions threw out some god art Charms, origin charms, and even a large number of super bombs.
 In the blink of an eye, at least 20 to 30 powerful forces exploded.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, disappeared in an instant.
 It turned into lightning!
 On the sword, water, fire, wind, and Thunder circulated. With a loud bang, the sword directly broke the defensive shield made of four fragments.
 Just as Qian Wanhao and the others were still in shock, their vision blurred, and a person appeared in front of them. It wasn't li Hao, but Hong Yitang.
 "Heaven flipping!"
 The word "sword" appeared. Thunder, fire, earth, gold, and four-colored light flashed. In an instant, the sky and earth were turned upside down. Everyone felt that the world was turning upside down and they couldn't stand still. Hong Yitang had already pierced through it and disappeared from the spot.

 In the crowd, King ding Shan looked at the Big Hole in his chest in a daze ... And then looked up at the earth overturning sword!
 Just like his Royal brother!
 On that day, Hong Yitang had done the same. In front of everyone, he struck out with his sword and pierced through the chest of the king of the plains, killing the king of the plains who had dominated the world.
 And today ... It was still the same!
 Qian Wanhao had said that it was safer for everyone to stay together. He deeply agreed with that.
 He wasn't even at the very front, yet as the heaven and earth overturning sword appeared, he was completely reversed by the other party, and directly appeared at the very front as if he was voluntarily seeking death.
 He didn't even use any of his powerful strength at this moment, and his internal organs were pierced through by a sword.
 King ding Shan looked ahead in a daze ... His eyes gradually dimmed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com So ... This was how my brother felt before he died?
 Perhaps I really shouldn't have come.
  "That's impossible ..."
 At this moment, Qian Wanhao was also in disbelief. In an instant, he roared and unleashed his all-directional magical power. With a loud boom, a weapon that looked like a gold coin appeared in his hand and blocked Li Hao's starry sky sword.
 BOOM!
 Qian Wanhao took a step back, and Li Hao also took a small step back.
 Behind him, a loud explosion could be heard.
 The sound of explosions continued!
 Hou Xiaochen and Tian Jian both roared as they destroyed the force of the explosion and rushed out. However, by the time they rushed out, they saw Li Hao forcing Qian Wanhao back with a single strike and killing King ding Shan with a single strike with the earth overturning sword!
 The two of them were also a little confused.
 What was going on?
 The two top experts, King heavenly Peng and King ding Shan, were killed just like that?
 Before he could come back to his senses, Qian Wanhao shouted,""Monster plant, please help!"
 In an instant, he threw out a storage ring, which immediately cracked open.
 He was not the only one. At this moment, many people threw out their storage rings.
 It was too fast just now!
 Before they could recover from their shock, the two top powerhouses were killed in the blink of an eye!
 One by one, the storage rings exploded.
 At this moment, spiritual energy swept through the air, and in the blink of an eye, illusionary images appeared.
 A rose, a Willow, a sunflower, a thorny vine, and a tree that looked like a coconut tree.
 In an instant, five monster plants appeared.
 The transparent roots instantly took root between heaven and earth, as if they were performing a Divine Art, but also as if they were simply absorbing energy from the surroundings.
 The five monster plants were not in a hurry to attack. Instead, they sent out mental waves,""Since we're already here, it's good to come out and take a breath of fresh air. Why do we have to be so secretive and be reluctant to part with this bit of Origin Energy ..."
 "That's true!"
 Laughter rippled in the air. In the blink of an eye, a redwood tree appeared, and another xunmu appeared.
  There were a total of seven monster plants!  They were from the other seven divisions apart from the inspection Division and the financial division. Even the Internal Affairs Division, although mu hai did not come, still had people bring over the clone of the monster plant.
 The auras of the seven terrifying existences instantly became extremely powerful.
 In the blink of an eye, he had surpassed heavenly Peng King.
 After another moment, he even surpassed Qian Wanhao, who had four Sacred Arts.
 Qian Wanhao immediately heaved a sigh of relief.
 In order to kill Li Hao, the seven monster plants had really put in a lot of effort this time. These monster plants were only clones of the monster plant's origin source. They could not even be considered clones, but ... Each of them had the power of at least five types of magical powers.
 In today's era, any one of them was an invincible existence.
 And this time, there were seven of them!
 Previously, he felt that he was using a butcher's knife to kill a chicken!
 But at this moment, he felt that ... He had overestimated Li Hao. Everyone had put in a lot of effort. Otherwise, they might have really suffered this time.
 It was too terrifying!
 Li Hao and Hong Yitang had both become four-elemental god art experts. More importantly, they could also use the force of a warrior. It was unbelievable!
 Qian Wanhao heaved a sigh of relief.
 In the crowd, Hu mingfa of the criminal law Division angrily shouted,"Li Hao, do you think we're in the outside world? You've hidden it very well ... But ... So what?"
 Four-elemental god art!
 This was something that no one had expected. Everyone thought that he might be able to become a three-elemental god art expert, but ... He was much stronger than they imagined. Such an improvement was simply too shocking!
 The experts who had followed him also had uncertain expressions on their faces. Stupa Mountain master's face was also grave.
 This time, he was here for revenge.
 But who would have thought ... It was fortunate that Jiusi had made sufficient preparations, or else they would have really suffered.
 They were so powerful, yet Li Hao and the others had killed two of them right under their noses. It was too terrifying.
 Li Hao and Hong Yitang quickly retreated.
 In the air, the seven monster plants covered the sky and the earth. Their mental energy swept out. Even before they attacked, their might alone was enough to make anyone with divine powers prostrate themselves.
  Li Hao's expression was grave.
 Seven top-grade sacred art experts. Each one of them felt stronger than him. One must know that he didn't have four Sacred Arts in the ordinary sense.
 The ancient Fey plant only had a little bit of origin power. Was it that powerful?
 Little tree, can you really fight one against seven?
 At this moment, even Li Hao wasn't very confident. Of course, he wasn't afraid. He was just hesitating about whether he should try to condense the fifth divine ability. He wasn't prepared to rely on the small tree completely.
 "The successor of the sword Saint?"
 "Such a weakling ... Is he even worthy?"
 "Don't say that. Venerable sword has disappeared for tens of thousands of years. It has been a hundred thousand years since the new martial arts era, right?"
 "Almost there, almost ..."
 "I don't know how many generations it has been passed down. What bloodline is there to speak of? to be able to pass it down is already a rare thing ..."

 A few monster plants were talking and laughing with each other.
 He wasn't worried at all.
 Indeed, there was nothing to worry about.
 In today's era, they were invincible.
 Even if this place only had one-tenth of their strength, or even less, it was enough to kill Li Hao's group.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao's expression did not change.
 Just as he was about to test out the methods of these monster plants, little tree's voice came into his ears,""Let me do it, but I have a presumptuous request ... After I kill them, their essence ... Is very suitable for nourishing me. I don't want the divine energy stone, but can you give me all their essence?"
 The seven monster plant origins!
 Little tree was trembling with excitement.
 As expected, it had made the right choice.
  It had made the right choice to come out with Li Hao and cut half of its origin. This person was too good at causing trouble, but ... It had done too well. If they really went to their territory, it wouldn't be a match for any one of them, let alone the seven.
 However, this place was only a few of the original source avatars of the seven monster plants.
 The amount cut was very small.
 And I cut half of it.
 As expected, only by putting in the effort would there be gains.
 Li Hao didn't even think and immediately agreed.""Sure!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, a small tree in the air suddenly grew with the wind. It looked like a willow tree, but it also looked like a poplar tree. In the blink of an eye, it rose up with the wind.
 The seven monster plants that were still talking and laughing were instantly stunned.
 In the next moment, thousands of branches pierced into the void!
 BOOM!
 An extremely powerful aura rose up!
 "Who are you?"
 A sharp cry was heard.
 The little tree didn't say a word, and its thousands of branches pierced through the void.
 BOOM!
 The deafening sound reverberated through the heavens and the earth. The weaklings who had come in to fill the numbers were all bleeding from their seven apertures as they screamed miserably. In an instant, their heads exploded!
 Li Hao and the others also retreated!
 They were all shocked!
 Qian Wanhao and the others were in disbelief!
 "How could this be ..."
 It was impossible for the monster plants in the land of Silver Moon to be revived. The monster plants in the land of Silver Moon were very powerful. Over there, not only did the monster plants need energy, but the ruins also needed it. This caused the monster plants to not be able to absorb enough energy when they first revived.
 Thus, they guessed that there was a 99% chance that Li Hao did not have a monster plant clone.
 Even if there were ... They wouldn't be too powerful. At this moment, even if those monster plants were resurrected, they couldn't cut off too much of their Origin Energy.
 But ... At this moment, it seemed to be completely different.
 One could clearly see that the seven Fey plants in the air were somewhat illusionary, while the small tree seemed to be solidified.
 Just as he was in shock, there was a loud bang.
 The little tree's thousands of branches wrapped around the Rose, and in an instant, the Rose trembled violently. With some anger and unwillingness, its spiritual power fluctuated violently. "You're not a neo-martial monster plant ... You dare to kill my avatar. When my main body revives ..."  It could tell that this was not a neo martial monster plant, it was too tender!
 This was a monster plant formed in the future.
 Moreover, it was really bold. It might have cut off a large amount of its Origin Energy. Once it was broken, this monster plant would be crippled if not dead. There was actually another monster plant that was as crazy as Li Hao following him?
 Monster plants ... Were also this crazy?
 The little tree did not speak. With a boom, thousands of branches wrapped around it and directly crushed the opponent's Phantom!
 In an instant, one of the seven monster plants was gone.
 "What a good offspring Fey plant!" The thorny vine was slightly shocked."You've cut off nearly half of your source, but you've only just reached the peak realm ..."
 "If you dare to destroy my clones ... I can sense that you will die without a doubt!"
 The other Fey plants also instantly exploded with an extremely powerful force. In the void, it was as if the great Dao was winding around them, and it was very powerful!
 At this moment, little tree's spirit fluctuated.""You're all useless. You ... Dare to look down on me?"
 In an instant, it was as if his spirit had materialized, and an Imperial Palace the size of a big cat appeared!
 ? That was just a Phantom!
 However, at this moment, the monster plants were extremely frightened!
 "The Imperial Palace?"
 BOOM!
 The Imperial Palace shadow pressed down, and with a loud boom, the thorny vine that had just opened its mouth was instantly crushed and turned into nothingness.
 "Emissaries of the Imperial Palace ... No... Impossible ... The Imperial Palace has disappeared ... There is no Imperial Palace in the land of Silver Moon ..."
 Some monster plants were extremely frightened!
 How could the Imperial Palace appear?
 This wasn't an ordinary venerable sovereign. There was only one venerable sovereign who could skip all the titles, not some venerable sovereign or some great sovereign!
 That person ... Was an existence that could not even be described.
 That was because it was said that that person's perception had even surpassed that of the ancient kings. Anyone who mentioned it would be sensed. It was an extremely terrifying existence that could even destroy one's soul across countless space-time!
 No one dared to mention its name!
 He was even more terrifying than the longevity Swordmaster ...
 "The Imperial Palace ... Will always be there! My clan guards the Imperial Palace!"
 Little tree's tone was also unfriendly. Who was he looking down on?
  So what if his true body was resurrected?
 I'm no match for you, but...You'll have to tell me when you have the chance.
 BOOM!
 The illusory Imperial Palace suppressed the heaven and earth!
 At this moment, a powerful aura was simply suffocating. The vaguely appearing corner of the Imperial Palace was just a projection of the palace, an actual object formed on the essence Dao.
 However, at this moment ... He was still extremely powerful.
 BOOM!
 Another Fey plant Phantom exploded. The remaining Fey plant phantoms all roared. In an instant, countless branches pierced through the void and attacked the little tree!
 If this continued, they would all be killed!
 This small tree had cut off a lot of essences, and its strength was second only to the Paragon. With the projection of the Imperial Palace, it was even more terrifying ... However, this small tree wasn't strong, and it was a little difficult for it to control this powerful corner of the Imperial Palace.

 In that case ... There was still a chance!
 "Qian Wanhao ... What are you doing there? Kill! Kill them ... And help us ..."
 A xunmu roared madly.
 Only then did Qian Wanhao and the others wake up from their daze. They looked at Li Hao and the others. Both sides were so shocked that they had forgotten to attack. At this moment, they looked at each other and Qian Wanhao shouted,"Kill, at all costs! Otherwise ... Don't even think about leaving this place alive!"
 At that moment, orange moon, who was in the crowd, was also shocked.
 So that was how it was!
 It turned out that this was the source of Li Hao's confidence. A monster plant clone that had cut off a large amount of its origin and possessed six or even seven magical powers!
 Five elements was actually a peak grade sacred art.
 If he really had six elements, he would have been an origin cultivator who had stepped into the great Dao of origin in the ancient civilization era. Seven elements would definitely be comparable to the peak.
 So that was how it was!
  Orange moon was relieved. At this moment, she knew Li Hao's trump card.
 A red shadow gradually appeared in his body.
 An aura grew from weak to strong. Gradually, orange moon's face turned pale as she desperately swallowed the drops of spring of life into her stomach. An evil shadow seemed to appear on her face.
 He was a little crazy, but also a little calm.
 Li Hao ... This time, it's time for you to die!
 As for Li Hao, he was about to make a move when he suddenly stopped and looked at orange moon.
 In the next moment, Li Hao's cold expression gradually turned into madness and anger!
 That was ... Zhang Yuan?
 Was it Zhang Yuan?
 No... It wasn't just one face!
 On orange moon's face, a black shadow was changing rapidly. Faces flashed in the black shadow. He even ... Even saw his parents 'faces.
 Li Hao closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, there was only madness in his eyes!
 Ying Hongyue!
 I ... Will definitely kill you!
 "Die!"
 The sword pierced through the sky, and with a loud boom, the fairy realm expert in front of him was obliterated by Li Hao's sword. He roared,""Martial uncle Hong, help me hold the others back ... I'll kill her!"
 His aura instantly became violent!
 p A word appeared and turned into the Word 'gold'. A golden attribute burst out instantly.  Boom! Boom! Boom!
 His five internal organs rumbled. Li Hao directly swallowed dozens of drops of the spring of life. If it wasn't enough, he swallowed more!  In the blink of an eye, a large amount of spring of life gushed into his stomach.
 His body was still shattering, but he was barely able to hold on.
 The words "water","fire","metal", and "extinguish" appeared, and the power of five magical powers instantly appeared. Li Hao held his sword and walked toward orange moon.
 As for orange moon, her face gradually became fixed.
 It was a familiar face!
 "A Hao!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The familiar voice and the familiar face made Li Hao dazed for a moment. At that moment, with a thunderous boom, Li Hao spat out a mouthful of blood!
 The divine decree seemed to have exploded!
 A large hammer appeared in orange moon's hand.
 The Hong family's hammer!
 The sledgehammer seemed to have released an extremely powerful mental attack. Li Hao's mental power seemed to have been destroyed by the sledgehammer!
 "Zhang Yuan" revealed a smile."Ah Hao, the eight great families should be united as one. Only when United can they become the true eight great families ... Come and merge with me!"
 Li Hao opened his eyes and looked across.
 "You ... Are not little Yuan!"
 He laughed and shook his head, feeling a little regretful.""But ... Thank you for letting me see you again."
 It was a contradictory statement.
 At the next moment, a long sword broke through the void and slashed out. The divine Art burst forth, and the characters disappeared and reappeared. BOOM!
 The sound of an explosion reverberated through the world!
 The starry sky sword and the Hong family's hammer collided. A powerful aftershock shook the surroundings. At that moment, even the fey plants that were fighting in the air were affected and shook!
  Li Hao, on the other hand, disappeared like a breeze. Wind-chasing boots!
 In an instant, he appeared again. BOOM!
 A sword slashed out!
 "Ying Hongyue, if you dare to use the remnants of my friend's spirit to create a red shadow puppet ... I'll kill you, I'll definitely kill you! Just wait for me!"
 Li Hao roared. He had figured out what this was.
 A red shadow!
 A red shadow that was unbelievably powerful and even had its own consciousness had devoured the lives of countless people. Ying Hongyue must have recalled the red shadow and killed many people. They were all Hongyue's people!
 He might have killed all those who carried the red shadow!
 This red shadow was extremely powerful!
 [PS: I can't finish it. I'll continue tomorrow.]

 The red shadow was very strong.
 Possessing orange moon and knowing a secret martial art, Li Hao walked over with his sword and smashed the sky with his hammer!
 It was as if the heavens and earth had been split open!
 This was Ying Hongyue's trump card this time, and it was also the reason why everyone felt that orange moon was dangerous.
 The red moon's Red shadow power, coupled with the eight great families "divine weapon, at this moment, had even soared to the power of five or even six divine abilities!
 With such strength, even little tree would not be able to take him down easily.
 As for the small tree, it was only a clone after all.
 The origin Energy could be exhausted.
 As long as the red shadow could last longer than the sapling ... The sapling might not be able to take it down, not to mention ... The sapling still had to face the crazy counterattack of the four great monster plants.
 At this moment, Hong Yitang and the others also attacked!
  BOOM!
 Behind him, the earth overturning sword slashed through the air, and the sky and earth started to spin. Qian Wanhao and the others all felt the sky and earth spinning. When they regained their clarity, they had already fallen into the encirclement of the three people.
 Yes, the three of them had surrounded them!
 At that moment, hou Xiaochen's aura exploded forth, even surpassing Tian Jian 's. Waves of power rippled around him as he thrust out his spear, tearing apart the heavens and earth!
 At this moment, it was as if they had returned to the Battle of the North Sea.
 The earth-overturning sword formed a circle with its sword, focusing on defense.
 "Earth Force kun!"
 With another sword strike, the earth seemed to have turned into a wall that instantly enveloped everyone. The soul splitting spear and the heavenly Sword burst out one after another. BOOM!
 Heaven and earth split open!
 "Kill!"
 Qian Wanhao also let out a furious roar. He was still in shock and didn't dare to accept it. He had four divine abilities and was almost invincible on the ground, but here ... All the monster plants were more powerful than him.
 Li Hao was more powerful than him, orange moon was more powerful than him, and the overpowered sword was more powerful than him. At this moment, hou Xiaochen did not seem to care about anything else. The soul-splitting spear intent was also vaguely mixed with a large amount of supernatural power. This guy seemed to have seen the situation of Li Hao and the others. He was unsealing himself without caring about anything.
 It was a four-element god art!
 However, at this moment, he was being suppressed by his opponent.
 The stupa Mountain Master, who was beside him, also let out an angry roar. Golden light flashed as he punched out and blocked the heavenly Sword.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com King Qinguang was like a Messenger of hell. He reached out his hand and countless malicious ghosts appeared between heaven and earth, charging towards his opponent. However, in the blink of an eye, they were all swept away by the earth overturning sword and shattered into pieces!
 There were only three of them, but they looked like an Army of thousands!
 The heavenly Sword slashed across the sky, erupting with dazzling radiance. However, just like how he had despised Li Hao that day, the Earthfall sword despised him again."Brother Tian Jian, your attack power ... Is not enough!"
 Tian Jian's face was cold, and he said nothing.
 The earth overturning sword used its incomparably powerful battle prowess to confine and defend the opponent.
 He and hou Xiaochen were the main attackers. Hou Xiaochen was dealing with Qian Wanhao, while he was dealing with the others. However, at this moment, just the stupa mountain Lord alone was able to block his Heavenly Sword!
 How could the proud Tian Jian bear this?
 What Li Hao said was to stop them!  However, Tian Jian and the others were only thinking about killing him!
 Not only were they going to kill these people, but they were also going to help little tree and Li Hao. This was their true purpose in joining the battle, not just to stop a powerful enemy. That didn't match their status!
 At that moment, Tian Jian was furious.
 "Guard your mother!" He shouted angrily as he looked at the overseer sword.
 Yes, he was angry.
 They were scolding!
 When had the Silver Moon Martial Master ever defended?
 Hong Yitang seemed to know what he was thinking. He laughed and swung his sword."Ground collapse!"
 "Sky flip!" Tian Jian roared.
 BOOM!
 The heavens and earth spun. At this moment, the heavens and earth were truly overturned. At the side, the soul-splitting spear technique tore apart the heavens. Coughing sounds could be heard. It was as if that sickly ghost from many years ago had always been like this. Every time he attacked, every time he took a human life, he would cough.
 Therefore, he was a sick ghost.
 Although the three of them had almost never cooperated before, this time, the world was turned upside down and their minds were split open.
 "Ah!"
 Screams rang out. The weaker ones among the experts who had attacked together instantly felt their minds being torn apart. Before they could recover, two sword intents pierced through the world!
 Several deputy secretaries from various divisions looked at each other in disbelief. A moment later, they were turned into pieces of flesh.
 He was dead!
 Under the joint attack of many powerhouses, they were killed by the sword that overturned the heavens and turned the earth upside down!
 Qian Wanhao's face was also covered in blood. He was shocked and in disbelief. The next moment, he spat out a mouthful of blood, and a huge word appeared.
 "Suppress!"
 With a furious roar, a monstrous aura appeared, as if it wanted to suppress the world.
 The other three secretaries also attacked, spitting out blood. It wasn't just a single word, but blood that flowed into the Word-suppress!
  This word was said to have been passed down by the top powerhouses of the ancient civilization. It was the strongest technique among the star suppression techniques that could suppress all enemies!
 However, they were no longer the invincible powerhouses of the past.
 And now, it was not the era of the origin Dao.
 As soon as the word "suppress" came out, the earth-overturning sword shouted coldly. The word "sword" floated in the air, and in an instant, it exploded with an incomparably bright radiance. The original lightning, fire, earth, and metal divine arts instantly appeared.
 ,m Not only that, there seemed to be countless springs of life bursting out of Hong Yitang's body. The next moment, a wood will split open.  "Five elements ..."
 Qian Wanhao's expression changed drastically!
 BOOM!
 The 'sword' character tore the sky apart. BOOM!
 The "suppress" character was torn apart and instantly shattered. The four bureau chiefs were all heavily injured. At this moment, the soul splitting spear tore through the void and a fire Phoenix appeared. Its speed was extremely fast, as if it had instantly torn something apart!

 King Qinguang was still summoning something and planning something. However, at this moment, his eyes suddenly dimmed. He raised his head with difficulty and looked at the silent fellow ... His lips parted slightly.
 Why me?
 The 4 secretaries are blocking you, and I'm hiding behind them. Why me?
 Hou Xiaochen coughed. The sound of his cough was like a curse. He revealed a faint smile as he held the spear in his hand. The will of the soul-splitting spear burned like a flame. The fire and metal energy in his body exploded. He looked calm.
 "You've killed too many people, and your killing intent is too strong ... The will of the soul-splitting spear will naturally find people who have killed too many people!"
 He explained that it wasn't him who wanted to kill her, but his gun!
 "Ha!"
 Qian Wanhao roared and punched the 'sword' word away. He was covered in blood, but he brought the three secretaries, the people from SuperPower City, and stupa Mountain Master with him. He retreated quickly and shouted, "Let's escape ... Into the building!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and fled!
 Yes, with so many of them working together, they couldn't even defeat the three people in front of them, let alone kill Li Hao or little tree!
  He had four divine abilities and many three-elemental divine abilities. Many experts were killed in the blink of an eye.
 He was too strong!
 The heaven sword, earth sword, and the sickly ghost had actually forced them to retreat under the Joint Forces of the three great experts. This was simply unbelievable, but ... Everything was so real.
 ……
 At this moment.
 A loud rumble came from behind him, and a monstrous sword intent swept across the world. Under the monstrous killing intent, a muffled groan was heard. BOOM!
 Orange moon kept retreating, her body covered in blood.
 A faint glow appeared on the Hong family hammer in his hand. It seemed to have been injured. The starry sky sword had left many cracks on it, but it was rapidly recovering. The red shadow's body exuded a faint red glow that covered it.
 That was the power of the Hong family's bloodline, activating the Hong family's hammer.
 Holding the starry sky sword, Li Hao approached them step by step.
 "Zhang Yuan" had a look of disbelief on his face."The Li family's sword ... Can restrain us?"
 That's right, the red shadow, who was extremely powerful, was suppressed time and time again by the Li family's divine sword. Even the Hong family's hammer seemed to be afraid of the starry sky sword, and it was crushed again and again.
 Ying Hongyue had actually used the powerful Hong family hammer before. It was extremely powerful and could even cause extremely powerful damage to some ancient Fey plants.
 Ying Hongyue had tested this before.
 Therefore, this time, the red shadow worked together with the Hong family's hammer. It could be said that they might not lose even if they were to face little tree alone. The Hong family's hammer and soul splitting spear had the same effect despite using a different approach. They could even tear apart one's spirit and origin.
 If little tree's clone really encountered this, it might suffer a great loss.
 However, he had encountered Li Hao.
 Li Hao coldly looked at his "good friend" across from him. Did Ying Hongyue think that he would hesitate?
 No!
 When the red shadow turned into Zhang Yuan's appearance, Li Hao recalled the moment when Xiao Yuan was swallowed by the red shadow and asked him to escape. At that moment, he asked him to escape ...
 As his friend, he would not kill him.
  He would only let her escape and ensure her safety.  The one who killed him ... Was Ying Hongyue!
 "Kill!"
 The lifeless sword will destroyed everything. As the sword slashed out, divine arts erupted, and fire and water exploded. The divine text was like a formation that surrounded the surroundings. Boom, boom, boom!
 A series of sword moves erupted.
 Like a ghost, Li Hao's speed was extremely fast, and he slashed again and again.
 In the next moment, a few li Haos even appeared in front of everyone's eyes.
 One was covered in flames, one was covered in water, one was like thunder, one was like a storm, and one was covered in golden light ...
 At this moment, it was as if there were more li Haos.
 The starry sky sword slashed out again and again, not knowing fatigue.
 Thump thump thump!
 'Zhang Yuan' kept retreating, his red face showing some shock. He was being restrained.
 The incomparably powerful "he" was currently unable to retaliate. Furthermore, the Hong clan's bloodline in his body was currently flowing away. The powerful Hong clan hammer seemed to be unable to provide "him" with any protection.
 "Don't come over!"
 When Li Hao sensed that sky sword and the others were coming, he shouted angrily,""Go and kill the monster plants!"
 The three of them didn't say anything and instantly disappeared. BOOM!
 A huge battle broke out in the air. This time, it was even more intense than before. The three of them joined forces, but they did not deal with all of them. They only dealt with one monster plant avatar. Little tree fought against three of them alone, instantly establishing an advantage.
 A corner of the Imperial Palace reappeared.
 BOOM!
 A monster plant was crushed in an instant, and the little tree dimmed. A corner of the Imperial Palace disappeared again, but this time, it was easier than before. The remaining three monster plant avatars were in despair.
 Even though they didn't really die, the losses this time were too great. The key was that the news couldn't be sent back.
  Kachaa!
 A crisp sound came not from the sky, but from the ground.
 Li Hao's sword stabbed into the red shadow's body!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As if something had cracked, the small sword frantically devoured the red shadow's power, and the red shadow began to struggle violently.
 "Ah Hao, it's me ..."
 "Ah Hao, I'm little Yuan!"
 The red shadow trembled violently, and a powerful devouring force erupted from the starry sky sword. Li Hao silently looked at the red shadow, then at Xiao Yuan. In the blink of an eye, his face turned into that of his father.
 "Little Hao!"
 His father's kind face turned ferocious.""You want to kill your father? You unfilial son!"
 The next second, she transformed into her mother."Ah Hao, why have you changed? You're so cruel ... We're still alive ... We're not dead, we're just trapped in this monster ... Ah Hao, are you going to kill us?"

 Li Hao's eyes glowed red!
 At this moment, his blood-red eyes were like burning torches. They could see through everything. All illusions and mental disturbances were destroyed in an instant!
 At this moment, he seemed to have discovered the use of this pair of eyes.
 Let me see through all lies!
 It was a pair of heavenly eyes!
 The real heavenly eye!
 It was not until today that Li Hao finally understood the function of this pair of eyes. The ability to see through one's strength was just a side effect. The real function was to let him see the essence of everything.
 It might seem useless, but Li Hao knew that this was what he needed the most.
 For example, this moment!
 All illusions were illusions.
  The real situation was that Cheng Yue revealed a resentful expression. He knew why Ying Hongyue had Cheng Yue come.
 That was because she was the Black Widow!
 Black spider!
 The existence that could most see through people's hearts, what red shadow? it was just a chaotic puppet's consciousness. Everything was actually controlled by orange moon.
 This person from Silver moon's list of thirty-six heroes might not be the strongest, but he might be on the list ... This time, Li Hao understood.
 "A Hao ..."
 Orange moon was still wailing when a hand that was like an iron hoop grabbed her throat. Crack ... She was being squeezed!
 "Black Widow ... Are you done?"
 Li Hao's grip on her neck seemed to break. He then stabbed his sword into her heart. The red shadow struggled frantically, but to no avail. Li Hao laughed."Please thank Ying Hongyue for me. The red shadow Force is really good and fragrant!"
 At that moment, Cheng Yue's face was filled with disbelief, shock, and despair.
 How could this be?
 "You know what? Among the 36 heroes, I think you're the only one who's not worthy!"
 "Bitch!"
 Li Hao rarely cursed people in such a way, but at this moment, he cursed,"how despicable!"
 Kachaa!
 Her sword intent exploded, and Li Hao exerted all his strength. With a crack, he broke her neck, pierced her heart, and shattered her internal organs!
 The red shadow also let out a blood-curdling screech and was instantly reduced to nothingness, completely devoured by the small sword.
 With a thump, the sledgehammer fell to the ground.
 Li Hao picked up the hammer and snatched the storage ring. He then looked at orange moon. The current orange moon no longer had the previous illusion. Only a very charming face remained.
 However ... At this moment, he looked extremely ferocious.
 It was filled with resentment and unwillingness.
 She had come with the power of the red shadow and the hammer of the Hong family. It could be said that she was invincible in the world. Even if she encountered a five-elemental divine power, she would be able to kill it.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But ... She met Li Hao.
 In Li Hao's eyes, her ability to read people's minds was instantly seen through. She was completely restrained by Li Hao, and she couldn't display her powerful strength at all.
 BOOM!
  Another deafening sound reverberated through the air, shaking the heavens and earth!  BOOM!
 A corner of the Imperial Palace reappeared, and the little tree used its ultimate move again, crushing a monster plant avatar into pieces. At this moment, there were only two monster plants left.
 As for Li Hao, his long sword swept across the sky, and with a shrill cry, his five-elemental god art burst out!
 BOOM!
 Thunder and lightning struck from the clear sky. The Rose, which was fighting against the three experts, suddenly screamed. With a crack ... The starry sky sword instantly pierced into the virtual shadow!
 Annihilate everything!
 "Ah!"
 A blood-curdling scream rang out. BOOM!
 The shadow exploded!
 On the other side, little tree didn't care about his energy consumption. It seemed that he wanted to end the battle before Li Hao and the others arrived and show off his strength. In an instant, the Thearch Palace appeared again!
 The small tree had also become much more illusionary, but it did not care about this. BOOM!
 The Imperial Palace pressed down!
 Li Hao's expression changed. This little tree ... In terms of strength, it was stronger than them, but not by such a large extent. However, when the projection of the Imperial Palace appeared, it was unbelievably powerful.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The last monster plant clone exploded instantly!
 The seven monster plants had all fallen.
 A large amount of Origin Energy was scattered in the void, and the small tree's thousands of branches pierced through the void."Li Hao ... This Origin Energy is useful to me ..." He said.
 "Senior, feel free to absorb!"
 Li Hao nodded and didn't say anything.
 This was what they had agreed on before.
 Moreover, he had to admit that the little tree was too powerful this time. It had directly suppressed seven monster plants. Otherwise ... Not to mention five elements, even six or seven elements ... Might not have been so easy for Li Hao.
 The earth overturning sword and the others were also injured.
 Hou Xiaochen, in particular, was overflowing with power, but ... He didn't seem to care too much. He glanced at Li Hao, then at the earthbound sword, and coughed a few times, attracting Li Hao's attention.
 "Hou bu, I'll tell you later!"
  Hou Xiaochen nodded his head in satisfaction, not saying anything.
 It was easy to do things with smart people!
 Look, Li Hao understood everything with just a cough.
 However, this wasn't the time to relax. Qian Wanhao led stupa Mountain Master and the others to escape. This place wasn't big, and there were only four buildings. However, Li Hao was still somewhat vigilant.
 This place ... Was not too peaceful.
 At this moment, a Black Panther suddenly appeared in the distance. It bit Li Hao's arm and dragged him away!
 Li Hao was stunned!
 The next moment, he turned around and ran without a word.""Run!"
 The others didn't sense anything unusual, but as soon as Li Hao spoke, they all subconsciously followed. Even the small tree, which had been absorbing Origin Energy crazily, suddenly stuck to Li Hao when it was halfway done.
 The four people, a dog, and a tree instantly ran toward the door.

