fileno%d
d discussion had nothing to do with Li Hao's group.
 The list had been released. As for the capture and death of that Wu guy ... It had nothing to do with Li Hao.
 The Holy prose in his head had long since dissipated.
 It was too far away, and Li Hao didn't have the ability to control it even though it was in the relic. Naturally, it dissipated. As for whether the other party knew about it, Li Hao wasn't sure.
 The purpose of this list was very simple.
 [Even if your Fengyun Pavilion makes a list again ... Would anyone believe it?]
 "From now on, even if you only appear once a month, it'll be the next month. Whether you can survive until next month is a big problem.
 ……
 In the ruins.
 After an unknown period of time, everyone stopped cultivating.
  The huge tree trunk was already somewhat dried up.
 The 5000 drops of the spring of life ... Were all gone!
 Yes, it was empty.
 The group of people stared blankly at the withered tree trunk. Some looked at Li Hao, some at the small tree, and some at each other ... Who was hiding?
 5000 drops, not 500 drops.
 No one had the ability to absorb so much spring water of life in such a short time.
 At this moment, Li Hao was lying on the ground as if he had lost his soul.
 At this moment, anyone who could see the Super locks would see that Li Hao's body was covered in a dense layer of super locks. They were all very small, like two little bugs. Those with trypophobia would probably feel their scalps tingle at the sight.
 Li Hao's scalp went numb!
 5000 drops of the spring of life were almost all absorbed by him. This was not a problem. Although the consumption was terrifying, the key was that his strength did not increase much. It was all absorbed by these little bugs.
 This was why there were so many superpower locks.
 What made Li Hao's scalp tingle was that the human body ... Actually had so many super locks.
 How was that possible?
 Although he had seen some of them through the five Forces, Li Hao was still terrified to see more than a hundred super locks.
 He had broken through 11 superpower locks and was considered a seven-elemental powerhouse.
 However, how many more were there?
 Breaking them all open, was this something a human could do?
 How many resources would it require?
 How much time would it take?
 How many types of Shi did he need?
 At this moment, his entire body trembled. He suddenly felt that Hong Yitang was still the best. One word could transform into ten thousand techniques. Why did he have to create one word, one force? when would these days end?
 Even the wind and lightning Shi had not succeeded, much less so many densely packed Shi that made people feel fear.
 There was also light and darkness, he didn't even have time to train.
  " 120 lines!"  Li Hao mumbled. These were the 120 Super locks that he had created.
 It was terrifying to the extreme!
 He knew that the human body was a treasure, but he didn't expect that the human body would contain such terrifying potential.
 He might not be able to develop it to the extreme in his entire life.
 The ancient humans did not have superlocks and only had the Sanjiao gate. It was not that complicated.
 Were the cultivation methods of people today so terrifying?
 Li Hao thought to himself, do the humans of this era have too much potential or are they too sad? in this era where martial arts have declined, there are so many superpower locks for you to unlock ... You can only look at them for your entire life, but can't unlock them ... How uncomfortable is this?
 Moreover, the humans of this era were still very weak.
 It was even more difficult to develop!
 It cost him thousands of drops of spring of life just to create some super locks. Li Hao felt that it was enough to cultivate a large number of divine-tier elites.
 But now ... He had wasted it.
 Was it considered a waste?
 He did not know.
 At first, he wanted to show some of it to lay a good foundation for himself. However, he had unknowingly absorbed all of the spring of life. This was no longer a problem of laying a good foundation. It was a terrifying problem.
 The others also noticed Li Hao's unusual behavior.
 They looked at Li Hao, who was lying on the ground with lifeless eyes. They were all confused. What's wrong?
 After killing an undying monster plant, shouldn't he be excited and happy?
 Why did he feel that Li Hao was dead?
 At this moment, Nan Quan coughed."Li Hao, I have four types of god art. I think my body has become much stronger. I can even withstand one type of god art. I'm only lacking the spring of life ... Did you put away the spring of life?"
 After absorbing a lot of imperishable substance, everyone's physique was strengthened. Nan Quan had also directly attained four-element god art. He really felt that five-element god art was fast enough. He felt that he could do it at any time, but he was still lacking the spring of life to replenish his vitality.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This time, it was not to repair his body, but to absorb life force when he was condensing Holy prose.
 His body had just been polished, and he was preparing to condense his Fifth Element god art.
  In the end ... There was no more!
 So many!
 There were thousands of drops. How did they disappear?
 Did Li Hao take them all?
 Everyone present had improved greatly this time, especially people like hou Xiaochen. Hou Xiaochen's body had always been weak, and he had been sick since he was young. With the imperishable substance, his improvement might even be faster than Tian Jian and the others.
 By now, hou Xiaochen had broken through his five organs and his wind-type sacred art. He was now a six-element sacred art.
 He actually wanted to say that the spring of life was running out.
 He didn't need it, but someone else did.
 Yu Luosha!
 Yu Luosha had gained a lot this time. She was weaker, so her force was weaker. However, after killing an undying fighter, her force had evolved. She had just barely reached the four-element god art level, which was still slightly weaker than the southern Fist.

 Hou Xiaochen felt that if he gave her a bit more life force, she would be able to reach the peak of four or even five elements.
 Even the weakest Yu Luosha had undergone such a transformation. One could only imagine how much the others had changed.
 Yao si and the others were all five-element peak-level experts. Previously, they had forcefully broken through six-element sacred art. This time, if it wasn't for the fact that he was worried that his seven-element sacred art would explode and shatter space, he would even have the hope of directly breaking through to seven-element.
 However, they failed to discover the second layer of space like Li Hao did and couldn't completely hide one element, not only because they were afraid of being shattered by the space, but also because they couldn't withstand such an explosion.
 At this moment, there were definitely quite a few six-element cultivators present.
 Out of the corner of his eye, Yao si glanced at di Fujian and the others. These guys had a high probability of entering the six elements, or even the peak of the six elements. Just like him, they didn't dare to rashly enter the seven elements.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for Chen Zhongtian, that old fogey, there was no need to even mention him. Under normal circumstances, this guy could have attained six elements, not to mention now. He was at the peak of six elements, and there was no difficulty at all.
 However, there was one person that Yao si could not see through.
 Zhou Chuan.
 This powerhouse who walked the path of ancient martial arts had previously lacked Origin Energy, but he still had power comparable to the peak of the six elements. This time, he had absorbed a lot of imperishable substance. Could he improve further?
  Walking the path of a pure golden body did not necessarily mean that he was weak.
 Perhaps he could break the boundary?
 Yao SI's eyes swept across the crowd and finally looked at the Black Panther. No one discussed this dog, but they were all shocked. The demon subduing envoy's apparition that was formed by gathering blood was the most terrifying.
 In the ruins, one could even unleash peak power.
 Previously, that coconut tree was almost smashed by a lightning bolt. It was clear that this dog had eaten countless treasures and it really didn't eat for nothing. Even Yao Si was incomparably envious. Eating and drinking, this dog was truly blessed.
 He then glanced at bei Quan and the others. They had all improved a lot. Under normal circumstances, they should be in the fifth or sixth element.
 There were very few of the four elements, and the southern Fist and Yu Luosha were considered the weaker ones.
 As for the light sword, it was actually a level stronger than the two of them. It should have stepped into the five elements.
 Yao si sighed in his heart.
 In fact, it had only been half a month since they had chosen Li Hao. Magical powers had only appeared not long ago, but in the blink of an eye, this group of people had reached the magical power level.
 Such a change was also unexpected.
 Of course, it was also very curly!
 At the very least, the powerhouses of the nine divisions and the other families had been forced by Li Hao and the others to become stronger quickly. Now, they might have emptied their pockets, but the monster plants were fattened up.
 Presumably, the recent harvest of those monster plants was not small.
 Before this, all parties had been trying to control the situation. They didn't want to kill the fish by drying up the pond. Instead, they had taken things slowly. After all, there was a limit before the second recovery. Before that, it would be fine as long as one attained six elements.
 And now, everyone was probably very curly-witted!
 While Yao Si was thinking, Li Hao suddenly said,""This can't go on!"
 Everyone was stunned. What?
 Li Hao frowned."I have to study how to strengthen my body. It's not just through the spring of life or the imperishable substance. I need a cultivation technique. A special and comprehensive cultivation technique that can strengthen my body quickly!"
 Otherwise, what about the eight or nine elements?
 Kill monster plants?
 However, there were also a number of monster plants, and they could not possibly kill all the way to the end of the world, right?  That's not enough!
 Everyone looked at each other. After a while, Nanquan said gloomily,""Then you'll have to call your master back!"
 Thinking of this, Li Hao felt a headache coming on, who knows where he went! He didn't reply to my message, so there's a high chance that he's lost it. He didn't reply to the opening of the star military governor's office either, so there's a 99% chance that he's entered the ruins!"
 Everyone let out a dry cough.
 The opportunity he missed was huge.
 Ruins?
 Weren't there monster plants or ancient civilization powerhouses in the remains?
 What benefits?
 The spring of life?
 Can I give you 100 drops?
 What else can I give you?
 He could not give anything.
 Following Li Hao, the spring of life, how much they had used, the fundamental power of the ancient civilization powerhouses 'powerful physical bodies, the imperishable substance, and the existence that forged a golden body.
 Furthermore, after killing an undying, everyone's Shi had also changed.
 At this moment, the crowd pitied Yuan Shuo.
 How tragic!
 He insisted on going out and having fun. Now, everyone had made huge progress. On the other hand, his master, Yuan Shuo, might still be at the peak of the transformation realm or had barely stepped into the divine power realm. He was feeling self-satisfied.
 We don't know that we have five or six elements!
 However, he still had to find this guy if he wanted to research a cultivation technique.
 Some of the experts from the ancient civilization might have been very knowledgeable and powerful, but they were definitely not as good as Yuan Shuo in terms of the study of the human body and Shi of the modern world. This guy himself was the biggest research subject.
 Even now, Li Hao had not managed to fuse five elements.
  No one did it.
 Up until now, Yuan Shuo was the only one who had managed to achieve a complete fusion, unlike Li Hao, who had only used the five Forces.
 Hearing everyone mention his master, Li Hao suddenly said,""Do you still have the imperishable substance?"
 Silence.
 Everyone stopped talking.
 There's no more!
 The spring of life was gone.
 This time, everyone had really enjoyed a feast. Everyone was afraid that if they absorbed too little, their bodies would not be strong enough and they would not be able to improve. Who would be polite?
 He really wasn't going to be polite!
 Even Chen Zhongtian, an outsider, was not polite at all. He ate so much that he was almost burping. He wanted to secretly hide some for his son, but before he could do anything, the others had already absorbed it all.

 After all, the coconut tree had been consumed for many years. The consumption was too great, and the imperishable substance in his main body was not as much as he had imagined.
 Even though they were undying, they were only at the peak level.
 There were so many magical power experts who were close to the peak absorbing it crazily. There was also little tree, the Black Panther ... And director Zhou. There was nothing left.
 At this moment, only the trunk of the big tree was left.
 Li Hao had taken all the coconuts.
 Li Hao patted his head."I forgot to leave some for master. Forget it. The next time I kill a monster plant, if it's still not here, I'll leave some for him."
 “……”
 These words!
 However, at this moment, everyone's eyes were like wolves, shining. Chen Zhongtian swallowed his saliva,""I have one at home too!"
 Yes, I also have one at home.
  F * ck, he's so arrogant.
 Should I ... Kill him?
 Li Hao didn't bother to respond. He was just saying. At this moment, he didn't plan to continue killing the monster plants. At least, he wanted to give everyone some time to digest it. Moreover, he had to consider that the other party was a complete version, not an expert like coconut tree, who had lost a lot of his origin to Li Hao.
 Of course, the father and son of the Chen family could also try to see if they could trick a clone away. After all, these monster plants were all single now. There was only one monster living here, and no one would tell them.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. Instead, he looked at the relic in front of him. He didn't have time to observe it before, but now he had the time.
 This place seemed to be the back garden of a building.
 Further ahead, it seemed to be dark without any light.
 Li Hao exhaled and said,"everyone, let's absorb and digest it for a while. It's not a good thing to improve too quickly. We should Polish ourselves ... Seniors, you know better than me that killing monster plants ... Also needs to wait."
 No one had any objections.
 "Is ... Is the spring of life gone?" Nan Quan couldn't help but ask.
 “……”
 Everyone cursed in their hearts. How shameless.
 Li Hao laughed."No, I've used it up! I don't need it urgently now, so I'll let senior tree slowly convert it later, and the price will be much smaller!"
 The price to pay for the urgent conversion was too great.
 As for the divine power stones, he still had quite a lot of them, more than 30 million.
 In fact, he had consumed a lot of energy recently.
 The gains from killing the monster plants were used up on the spot. However, everyone's strength grew really quickly.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Over 30 million. If he slowly converted it, he would be able to convert 10000 drops.
  He was in a hurry to convert it, so it was only about 3000 drops.  Why waste it on Southern Fist!
 Yes, that's what I'm thinking. What's the rush? it doesn't matter whether you have four or five elements.
 Li Hao had gained a lot recently. The number of divine power stones and spring of life he had obtained was unbelievable. However, many people were using them. The remaining divine power stones would be used up soon if everyone used them.
 What terrified Li Hao even more was that he had too many superpower locks!
 He didn't know how much he would have to consume if he wanted to continue improving.
 "Let's check out the situation here first ..."
 Chen Zhongtian didn't seem to mind,"it's probably one of the traps. It won't be too big, and we can't explore too far. There will be a barrier blocking our way."
 "My house is where the Education Department of the Heavenly Star Town used to be. It's a rather important place, but it's just a building. There's nothing special about it. The Education Department of the past was the key to the entire ancient civilization ... But it's useless. Nothing good was left behind."
 "9th Division is about the same," he added.
 "Back then, we could be considered to have obtained the right to inherit these remains by accident ... Actually, how should I put it? it was these monster plants who chose us. They hoped that someone from the outside world could help them, so they pushed for the nine divisions reform!"
 "The royal family's Rose thorns was the true Guardian monster plant of the Heavenly Star Town back then. It was extremely powerful and had always wanted to devour the other nine. That was why there was a rebellion 80 years ago and it overthrew the royal family ... The other party suppressed any one of them, but when the nine of them joined forces, it could not do anything."
 At this moment, he was much more talkative and said,""Heavenly Star Town, these are all the cores. The real core is actually the entrance to the mine, the location of the Heavenly Star Mine. It's just that that place ..."
 "There's a mine guard!"He said after thinking for a while.
 "Still here?"
 "Here!"
 "Yes." Chen Zhongtian nodded,"we've been looking forward to the second recovery, but it hasn't started yet. In fact, it has a lot to do with the guards at the mine. Back then, there was a Heavenly Star Army in Heavenly Star Town, leading an Army of 100000 people, and the mine guards were the elite of the Army, which was also one of the Heavenly Star Army. There were not many of them, only about 3000 people, but they were extremely elite. It was said that the commander of this Army was a vice commander of the Heavenly Star Army!"
 A commander of ten thousand men was at the level of a division commander, and they all started from the peak.
  The star Army's commander was at least an undying.
 A vice commander was 99% undying.
 This meant that this vice commander was an undying being, and he had gone to guard the mine.
 "The other party is a human? If he was ... He would have died long ago, right?"
 Li Hao was puzzled.
 Chen Zhongtian shook his head,"then I don't know. If he didn't die, it's actually normal. The other party was guarding the mine and didn't die. Isn't it normal to be undying?"
 "That's true!"
 Li Hao chuckled. He had almost forgotten about this.
 This was true.
 Guarding a huge mine was not the same as the others who had no energy. The Golden body was immortal and had enough energy. The other party might still be alive, alive in the true sense.

 "So, the other party is still guarding the mine?"
 "Right!"
 Chen Zhongtian nodded,"I heard it from monster plant. However, monster plant also said that even if the mine can't be opened directly, it will explode sooner or later!" Energy engulfed the world! This is because the energy of heaven and earth will be restored after the first recovery. The large mines in stellarsky city will slowly recover and accumulate energy. "
 "During the ancient civilization, monster plants were allowed to absorb it to prevent explosions."
 "This is the significance of The Guardian monster plant. However, the ten Guardian monster plants in Heavenly Star Town are unable to absorb the energy there, causing the energy to accumulate. Even if the Vice commander can absorb it, he can't absorb a huge mine alone ... It will explode sooner or later!"
 Once it exploded, the energy would sweep through the world, and the second recovery would begin.
 Li Hao frowned."If it explodes ... Will stellarsky city still exist?" he asked.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "This won't affect anything. If it explodes within the ancient civilization city, it won't affect the outside world."
 "Back then, a large mine in Silvermoon also exploded, and it was revived. It didn't have much of an impact."
 However, that one couldn't be compared to the Heavenly Star Town.
  Li Hao didn't say anything else. He grabbed the trunk of the towering tree and put it into his storage ring. Li Hao had obtained a lot of things recently, so he chose a big one. Otherwise, it wouldn't have been able to fit.
 The group of people walked over the corpses of the HU family members. In fact, they had already been blown into pieces.
 After walking for a while, they finally reached the courtyard. Everyone knew what this place was.
 The security Office!
 Li Hao knew that it was an existence similar to an Inspection Office.
 However, the building was empty now, and there was nothing left.
 In front of him, there was a layer of black mist.
 Li Hao took a closer look. He didn't recognize what it was, but little tree knew. He thought for a while and said,""This is the chaos essence!"
 "What is the chaos origin?"
 "It's the origin of chaos," little tree explained."After a large number of origin powerhouses die, no one collects their origin. They mix together and form the chaos origin. It will form a special barrier ...
 After saying that, it was silent for a while.
 "Heavenly Star Town ... There was a riot and rebellion back then."
 Li Hao was startled. Why did he say that?
 The little tree said slowly,"in my father's memories, the energy of heaven and earth suddenly disappeared, and then the great Dao of origin disappeared. We instantly entered a stage of no energy and no great Dao." No one is to run around, and space is becoming extremely fragile ... Once an expert leaves the main city, they'll easily die. "
 "Therefore, we can only stay where we are and wait for reinforcements to come. We can only defend the city."
 "The death of the powerhouses doesn't mean that they all die in an instant, but slowly. They have no way out and fall into death in despair ... But they remember their mission and generally don't leave their posts without permission."  "The stellarsky city's mission is to defend the ore vein. After extracting the energy, there should still be some left. Logically speaking, they should continue to defend or provide assistance to other parties, and not suddenly have a large number of experts die at the same time, not even having the time to absorb the origin ..."
 "Therefore, there is only one possibility ... There was a riot and people were causing trouble in the city. A large number of experts fought each other, causing some of them to die instantly. This is the energy barrier that appeared."
 "The areas where the nine divisions are located are all vital locations," the little tree continued."This means that ... These nine areas have been attacked, causing the experts in these areas to die one after another. That's why the chaos origin barrier appeared where they died!"
 Little tree knew the origin of this thing, so he quickly deduced the situation back then.
 In the past, there had been riots and rebellions in the area where Jiu Si was located. A large number of experts had died, all of whom were origin Dao experts. As a result, there were no survivors in this place.
 "That monster plant ... Why is it still alive?" Li Hao frowned.
 Were the traitorous monster plants?
 At that time, the ancient civilization was still around. Would the monster plant have the guts to do so?
 The little tree did not know. It was impossible to deduce this. The coconut tree was also dead. Perhaps he could ask the other monster plants to know the situation back then.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, still remembered that he had a mission.
 He wanted to find out why stellarsky city had cut off its energy supply back then, causing the eight main cities to fall into a state of dormancy, unable to receive energy support. The eight main cities were originally capable of flying in battle, but at that time, their energy had been depleted and they could not be activated.
 "This place ... Can we go there?"
 Li Hao asked. Little tree thought for a moment and said,""Yes ... But it's very dangerous, even more so for Esper Dao experts ... It will cause turbulence in the origin. For you guys ... It might not affect you much. I'm not too sure about the details, but you can let Nanquan try."
 “……”
 Nanquan was dumbfounded. What did he mean?
  Why do you want me to try?
 Little tree had just randomly picked a person, but everyone in the southern style despised him ... It felt that it wouldn't make much of a difference if it talked about him, and it wouldn't turn against these humans. Well, it was a good choice!
 Li Hao smiled and glanced at the black mist.
 The chaos origin source ...
 'This is interesting.'
 He didn't continue to investigate. After thinking for a while, he said,""Senior tree, you stay here and guard ..."
 ,m Little tree was stunned.  Li Hao explained."I'm worried that the other monster plants in Heavenly Star Town have sensed something. Although they might not be able to cross the black fog ... Secretary Chen said that rose thorns might have a way to deal with these monster plants ... With senior here, you can appropriately intimidate the other party!"
 At this stage, he could not expose this matter.
 Little tree understood and said with a mental wave,"okay!"

 "But if I don't follow you, you ..."
 "Don't worry. Unless we meet a Paragon, there won't be any problems. If I go down to the ruins, I'll call senior along."
 The little tree was finally satisfied.
 This works too.
 "Let's go, everyone, let's go out!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. He would definitely go to the core of Heavenly Star Town, but not now. He had to break them down bit by bit. It would be best if he could kill all the nine division monster plants and then encircle the one in the middle.
 As he walked, Li Hao suddenly said,""Is the Qian clan's defensive weapon a floating sword?"
 "No." Chen Zhongtian shook his head,"no, it's the fiery axe."
 Li Hao furrowed his brows and asked,"what about the HU family?" When I killed Hu mingfa, I didn't see the divine weapon. Your divine weapon is extremely powerful. If Hu mingfa had used it against me...I would've been really uncomfortable. "
 A saint's weapon!
  It could even be resurrected. It might seem ordinary in the outside world, but it was truly powerful in the ruins.
 The Qian clan didn't bring it, perhaps to suppress the Heavenly Star King.
 Hu mingfa's father had died at that time, but he didn't bring the divine weapon of the HU clan with him?
 He didn't find any divine weapon with Hu mingfa.
 If there was a saint's weapon, hei Teng would probably have given it a high price when he took it away.
 "The divine weapon of the HU clan is a scimitar. I don't know its name."
 Chen Zhongtian thought for a while and said,"after you killed Hu Xiao ... It was very likely that someone took it away. It was either the military law Division or the Division of Administration."
 "You took it away?"
 "Yes,"
 Chen Zhongtian nodded."At that time, the HU family was not strong enough. Hu Xiao died, and there was one less heavenly astral King in the blockade. It was probably taken by the two of them, and they continued to suppress it with their divine weapons!"
 "Will Hu mingfa give it?"
 Chen Zhongtian smiled but didn't say anything. Li Hao understood that he would.
 There was no other reason ... He couldn't keep it.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If they were not strong enough, they would offend two of the top powers, and they would not be able to keep their position in the nine divisions.
 As expected, it was the law of the jungle among the nine divisions.
 "In that case, these two divisions have taken one of my Sage weapons!"
 “……”
 Chen Zhongtian had nothing to say. The others also looked up at the sky. It made sense, but ... Wasn't it inappropriate to say it directly?
 ……
 The group of people walked out of the ruins.
 When they returned, everyone looked at Li Hao worriedly, but nothing happened. Li Hao smiled. This was normal.
 However, there were also abnormal ones.
  Director Zhou frowned. A blood mark appeared on his body and disappeared. Then, it appeared again.  The crowd was stunned and looked at him.
 Director Zhou coughed,"s-sniffed a little too much .."
 Everyone was somewhat aghast!
 At this moment, it was clear who was stronger and who was weaker.
 The appearance of the space-cutting technique meant that Zhou Chuan was really close to breaking through the void.
 Director Zhou sighed helplessly and felt a little uncomfortable. A bloody wound appeared on his body and he frowned,""I didn't expect ... It to be so fragile. Fortunately, I restrained myself later on. Otherwise ... I could only stay in the ruins and come out after a second awakening."
 This space was too fragile.
 His current strength had not yet reached that level.
 He felt a little trapped.
 Li Hao thought for a moment. With a thought, four of the five Forces appeared. He also felt some pressure. The next moment, the fifth force appeared ... Suddenly, the space trembled. Li Hao frowned.
 The fire still appeared.
 And then ... No.
 Li Hao felt weird and looked at director Zhou.""Director Zhou ... Is stronger than me?"
 Director Zhou looked at him and frowned. A moment later, he sighed and shook his head,"No... Did you notice? After you revealed your Five Forces, there were no more bloodstains on my body. "
 "What?"
 Li Hao's heart moved. What did she mean?
 Director Zhou sighed,"times are different. Ancient martial arts are rejected by the world and don't conform to the general trend. That's why they are suppressed. You seem to be ... Suppressed less."
 Li Hao's heart moved. Really?
 Then wouldn't I be able to use my full strength?
 Thinking of this, Li Hao waved his fist, and space seemed to tear apart. The next moment, Li Hao quickly gathered all his Shi. At this moment, everyone realized that the Golden armor on his body had been cut into pieces.
 Li Hao was speechless."This ... It's not a big problem for me to be exposed. Once I attack, I'll be restricted, and space will really break and cut me ... My physical body will probably be cut to death in an instant!"
  His body wasn't as strong as director Zhou 's.
 He was really speechless!
 Director Zhou couldn't help but smile.
 "Interesting. This means that space doesn't reject you, but your body is too weak to withstand the cutting power of space ... This ... It'll be difficult for you to break space and teleport a thousand miles!"
 Li Hao seemed to be able to live in peace here. However, his body was too weak to support him in breaking through space.
 Otherwise, Li Hao might have been able to tear space apart and teleport a thousand miles like he had done at the summit in the past.
 "That's not necessarily true ..."Li Hao chuckled." Spatial superpowers do exist. "
 Everyone was stunned.
 "I remember," Li Hao said."I heard that superpowers are related to space, right?"
 Everyone looked at each other. After a long time, Chen Zhongtian said in a low voice,""I've heard of this before. Someone even sold storage rings at that time. I heard that they had space-type abilities, but I haven't been able to find them. It's hard to say whether they exist or not. So far, none of the major forces have found any space-type powerhouses."

 "If there really is one ... I suspect that one of them has the space element," he added.
 Everyone looked at him. Who?
 "The one from the administration Division!" Chen Zhongtian laughed.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows slightly."Isn't he a Martial Master?"
 "It's a Martial Master!"
 "Yes." Chen Zhongtian nodded,"but a Martial Master ... If he has a spatial lock, he might also have spatial abilities. Of course, I'm not too sure. But when we worked together, that guy ran faster than anyone else. I'm a little suspicious."
 At this moment, everyone understood what Li Hao meant.
 Spatial Super Lock!
 But, where was this thing?
 Li Hao didn't know, either.
  However, he knew that if his physical body remained weak, he could try to strengthen the spatial lock. By then, he would be able to tear the void apart.
 This was why director Zhou was worried that he wouldn't be able to tear open the void. Out of the 100 or so superpower locks that appeared, none of them had the space element?
 I don't believe it!
 Not only the space power, I'll even develop the invisibility power for you. I'll become invisible and you won't be able to find me.
 After chatting for a while, Chen Zhongtian left reluctantly.
 No one asked him to stay.
 This made Chen Zhongtian very disappointed, but unfortunately, these people were still on guard against him.
 The others followed Li Hao and entered the main hall of the star military governor's office.
 Liu Long sensed that everyone had returned and quickly rushed over,""The rankings are out!"
 "What's the situation outside?"
 "They're discussing it!"
 Liu Long quickly replied,"according to the ranking list, the three of them have seven elements. It hasn't been released yet. As for the specifics, we'll have to wait for the results."
 "En!"
 Li Hao nodded."Boss," he said after some thought,"you should advance to the soul Fusion stage as soon as possible. You'll only have a chance to advance by leaps and bounds after you reach the soul Fusion stage."
 Liu Long smiled and didn't say anything more. He bade farewell to the crowd and quickly left.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "What a pity for the Golden spear!" Hou Xiaochen suddenly said.
 After a moment of silence, Chief Steward Yu opened his mouth and said,""That's not necessarily the case. If the Golden spear can break through the heart's devil and complete the saturation of the superpower lock, it can improve faster and its power will be stronger. Otherwise ... Even if it's left behind, it might not be of much use."
 Hou Xiaochen was surprised. He glanced at chief Yu. What's going on? why are you refuting me?
 Ignoring him, Li Hao took out his communication Jade and sent a message. Frowning slightly, he sighed after a long time."My teacher ... Really ... Really can't say. I can't find him again. Everyone, help me keep an eye on him. I don't know which remains he's hiding in."
 After saying that, he added,"seniors, if you want to leave, go out and relax. We don't need so many people to deal with Fengyun Pavilion. The next time we attack the relic's experts, I'll call everyone."
 Usually, there was no need for everyone to gather together.
 Everyone also had their own matters to deal with.
 As soon as Li Hao finished speaking, one of them disappeared.
 He was stunned for a moment. Looking at Kong Kong's actions, he couldn't help but ask,""Senior Thunderbolt kick, his legs are ... Really fast!"
 "I'm just feeling guilty,"hou Xiaochen replied.
 "Don't torment him!" BA Dao said coldly."He really thinks that our Silver Moon martial forest is a pushover!"
 He was actually threatening hou Xiaochen!
 Hou Xiaochen's eyes flickered, and in the next instant, he shut his mouth. Because at that moment, the southern Fist, Northern fist, sky sword and BA Dao, and the six elders ... All stared at them.
 Hou Xiaochen, Huang Yu, director Zhou, and Kong Jie were all part of the government.
 However, those few people were all from the martial arts world.
 Now that they'd killed the ruins "expert, everyone was fine and didn't have much to chat with. If hou Xiaochen dared to glare at them, they wouldn't be polite.
 Hou Xiaochen was a bit depressed.
 These guys from the martial arts world were really petty.
 "I'll head back to Silver Moon first,"Huang Yu said as he stood up." Kong, I'll be off ..."
 "What?"
 Kong Jie was stunned."You can go. Why did you call me?"
 "What?"
 Huang Yu was also stunned. Kong Jie said angrily,""What are you doing? I haven't seen my daughter yet. I'm here to see my daughter. What do you know since you don't have a daughter? I'll leave in a few days!"
 “……”
 Huang Yu was speechless."I see, you want to stay."
  She was really ... Shameless.  "Commander Yu, you're leaving?"
 Li Hao was a little confused. Huang Yu said seriously,""I still have things to do in the Army, so I can't stay for long. If I'm not strong enough, I'll definitely stay, but now ... I don't need to. If there's a need, just call!"
 Li Hao nodded."Then take care, commander Yu. However, regarding this place ... Don't tell director Zhao for now."
 "What?"
 Huang Yu was a little confused. He thought for a while and nodded,""Alright!"
 After that, he didn't say anything more and quickly left.
 "Director Zhao ... You're guarding against him?" hou Xiaochen looked at Li Hao.
 Li Hao was silent for a moment before he replied,"not really!" "However, director Zhao's relationship with the remains isn't shallow. I'm thinking, if I kill Yao Zhi, will it make some of the remains powerhouses from Silver Moon fear me? After all, strictly speaking, they are the same kind of people, and we ... Are people of the new era!"
 He was even considering whether to give the trunk of the big tree to heaven battling city.
 Of course, heaven battling city ... After all, he was very familiar with it, so there might not be any problems, right?
 Hou Xiaochen thought about it for a while before saying,"There are a lot of ruins in Silver Moon! It's not a problem to be on guard, but old Zhao should know what to do ... It's fine if you don't want to say it. "
 Li Hao smiled. It was good that she could understand.
 "The next step is to find Fengyun Pavilion!"
 "I need the treasures of Fengyun Pavilion!" Li Hao said.
 He really needed that thing.
 He wanted to check everyone's strength. The ones in the outside world weren't important, but the ones in the ruins. Otherwise, it would be easy to fail.
 The things in Fengyun Pavilion could detect the strength of a person's vitality, which was suitable for these powerhouses from the ancient civilization.
 Now, he wasn't targeting Fengyun Pavilion because they were targeting him. Their treasures would be of great use to him.
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"seniors, please spread out and help me investigate this place carefully. The southern mountains are the key ... If we encounter them, don't alarm them. Once we take down Fengyun Pavilion, it's time for us to do something big!"
 Now, it was just a small test of his skills.
 Everyone's spirits were lifted!
 The next moment, they all laughed and said,"good!."
 They would find Fengyun Pavilion and obtain the treasure to detect one's strength. Next, if Li Hao found any weak monster plants, he would definitely get rid of them. This would be an opportunity for everyone.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Silver Moon land.
 Near the Cang Mountain, a person's head popped out from the ground. He patted his head and cursed,""The exit is always in these broken places. There's no good spot."
 After cursing for a while, he emerged from the ground, took a deep breath, and suddenly laughed,""It's only been half a month, and I've come out of seclusion today. Divine abilities are also a match!"
 In just half a month, I, Yuan Shuo, have improved again. I can now fight and kill divine arts!
 'This time, no matter how fast those bastards improve, it'll be hard for them to be on par with me.
 I'm a bad person, I like to hit people's faces!
 If you break the superpower lock, I will tell you what the real five birds Demon King is!
 Not only that ... But he also thought of the origin clone in the ring and chuckled. That guy said that it was definitely comparable to a six-elemental magical power, and if he entered the ruins, he might be able to fight seven-elemental magical powers!
 Today, I, Yuan Shuo, can be considered invincible!
 Do you really think I can't dig out old antique?
 I know more old fogeys than anyone else. This person here is easier to talk to, but fortunately, I'm talented, so he thinks I can invest in him. Very good!
 "Bi Guang, from now on, we can do whatever we want in the star dynasty!"
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo was full of himself.
 "The world is so big that no one can defeat me. Perhaps I'm not the strongest, but I have a powerful origin clone. Before my second awakening, I was an invincible existence.
  Stupid disciple, this time, I'll let you know who's the real Lord and who's the real grandson!
 Jadesword also climbed out and nodded his head, not refuting this time.
 Putting aside the battle prowess of god art, to possess the battle prowess of six or even seven elements ... If this wasn't invincible, what was?
 How long had it been since the divine power appeared?
 "Let's go, to Heavenly Star City!"
 Yuan Shuo laughed wildly. Old demon five birds was arrogant to begin with, but he had suffered quite a heavy blow last time. This time, he was making a comeback!
 In half a month, I'll make your jaws drop!
 Jade lightsaber laughed as well. This time, those guys would probably be really surprised. Yuan Shuo was indeed impressive. He actually managed to catch up to those guys quickly. Most importantly, he did not break the SuperLock.
 This guy really knew a lot.
 [PS: please give us monthly votes. It's the 3rd, but we didn't get first place. Brothers, let's smash the monthly votes and kill those in front of us. We don't have a good heart, so we're sad and desperate!]

 (My stomach isn't good and I've had diarrhea the entire morning. I'll write less in the morning.)
 Central region.
 By the time Yuan Shuo had rushed to the central region in high spirits, there was not much news about the Billboard at Silver moon's side.
 However, in the central region, there were discussions everywhere.
 When Yuan Shuo received a Billboard, he was in a bad mood.
 Three seven-element mages!
 Alright, let's not talk about this. What the hell was his disciple at the peak of six elements?
 If that wasn't the case, then what the hell was that Silver Moon Martial Master?
 Even if Li Hao added people to the divine power ranking later on and the number reached 50, that was at least three types of divine power. The divine power that Yuan Shuo was so proud of couldn't even make it onto the ranking.
 He was extremely depressed!
  After that, jadesword also received the list. He looked around and was speechless for a long time.
 Good Lord, even the southern style is on the list!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Although it was ranked last, it was clearly written that there were three types of Sacred Arts.
 The southern Fist had three types of god art combat power?
 She glanced at Yuan Shuo out of the corner of her eye. This time, Yuan Shuo had probably suffered a huge blow.
 After a long time, Yuan Shuo snorted and tore the list apart.""These guys must have broken the superpower lock and turned into supers. This is not the right way!"
 "If I want to, I can break the superpower lock at any time. Three or four elements ... They're all useless!"
 Jadesword did not say anything.
 Yuan Shuo felt a little embarrassed. After a while, he said,""Let's go to stellarsky city to take a look at the situation ..."
 As he hurried along, he was a little puzzled.
 This time, he really didn't understand.
 Did the SuperLock break?
 This wasn't a good thing for martial masters. Also, did Li Hao's five organs Super Lock break?
 At that time, Li Hao still had a chance to recover.
 Didn't I tell him not to be anxious before I left?
 Was it because the situation was too critical?
 He asked around along the way and found out that a few days ago, Li Hao had started to fight back when the Fengyun Pavilion appeared under the pressure of the ninth Bureau. He had killed many experts, including people like Qian Wanhao and Hu mingfa.
 The stupa Mountain Master, sky ROC Mountain Master, and the others had all died.
 He had only disappeared for a few days, but the entire world seemed to have undergone a huge change.
 Yuan Shuo felt as if a lifetime had passed.
 It was the same every time. His closed-door cultivation was considered fast. This time, it was considered long, and it was only half a month. In the end, after half a month, it was as if the world had changed. It felt like the speed of development was even faster than in the past few years.
 With some confusion and helplessness, Yuan Shuo quickly rushed back to stellarsky city.
 ……
 At the same time.
 As the ranking list came out, there were some changes. SuperPower City suddenly announced that they were willing to cooperate with Yu Xiao and Luo RI sacred mountain.  Of the seven great divine mountains, Buddha and heavenly ROC Mountain Master were both dead. The divine mountains still existed, but they were much more low-key now and did not appear much.
 The mountain chieftain of the vast sky Mountain Manor was powerful and had a good relationship with the three major organizations.
 The sky sword Manor was the power of the sky sword sect, which had always been working for Li Hao. The master of Phoenix Mountain was a demon, and the other two divine mountains kept a low profile. The key reason was that they did not oppose Li Hao. Therefore, even Li Hao did not know much about them.
 Li Hao didn't have a better understanding of the two mountain villages until SuperPower City announced that they had reached an agreement.
 It was obvious that the appearance of the three seven-element superpowers had made these top-tier experts feel threatened, so they chose to cooperate.
 All three parties had powerhouses. Their three leaders were also on the divine powers ranking. The one in SuperPower City was not weak. As for the other two mountain Masters, they were not on the ranking before. Li Hao guessed that even if they were slightly weaker, they might be improving rapidly now that they knew the situation.
 Perhaps, he would be able to reach five or six elements very soon.
 ……
 The star dynasty's forces were on a roll.
 In the blink of an eye, some were destroyed, some rose, and some chose to form an alliance.
 Li Hao's appearance had stirred up everything. Otherwise, everyone would have chosen to wait until the second recovery to show off their true abilities, not now.
 ……
 In the stellarsky city.
 Li Hao was waiting for the news from Fengyun Pavilion.
 Of course, he was not idle.
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't care about other matters. Director Zhou and the others were in charge of everything. Li Hao was currently researching the Super Lock. He hoped to solve the problem of his body, which was extremely important.
 The second was to successfully comprehend the forces of wind, lightning, light, and darkness.
 Li Hao had the wind and thunder swordsmanship, the light sword, and the Shadowless Sword, which were secret techniques that could directly comprehend force. For him, it was only a matter of time before he could comprehend force. The key was, how long would it take?
 How long would it take for the second recovery to start?
 If the big mine were to explode in an instant, and the experts inside would appear one after another, with their current strength, if they really encountered an incomparably powerful existence, they would only be ants.
 "And heaven battling city ..."
 Li Hao wondered if he should find general Huai and revive it.
 At this moment, Li Hao was a little hesitant.
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
  Not long after, someone came back.
 The southern Fist and Northern fist, this pair of enemies, had returned together.
 They even captured one person.
 The head of nandou province's night patrollers.
 In the hall.
 With a bang, the two of them threw a middle-aged man on the ground like a broken sack.
 "Cough cough ..."
 The man kept vomiting blood. When he saw Li Hao, he was in despair."Governor ... I ..."
 Li Hao didn't reply and waited for a while. Not long after, Yao si arrived.
 Looking at the person below, Yao si sighed and said softly,""Tell me, to what extent have you colluded with Fengyun Pavilion? tell me all the information. You will die, but your family will be taken care of."

 Then, he looked at Li Hao."He joined my night patrolman ten years ago. He used to work for me."
 Below, the night patrolman commander was in despair.
 Even Yao si couldn't save him?
 Li Hao didn't say much. This person was confessed by director Wu of Nanyue mountain. As for director Wu, he had run away. No one knew where he went. Li Hao didn't need to deal with him, because Fengyun Pavilion would not let him go.
 In fact, Li Hao had deliberately spared that person's life.
 He was still in the divine power realm.
 If he escaped in advance, it would not be easy for Fengyun Pavilion to kill him. They might use their treasures to lock onto the other party's position. Perhaps they could use that person as bait and find out something.
 It didn't matter if they didn't know where he had escaped to. When the battle broke out, Li Hao, who was now in charge of the central Nightwatchers, would soon receive the news. With the cooperation of the inspector, it wouldn't be difficult.
 As he thought about this, the night patrolman commander's face turned pale and he said helplessly,""I'm only cooperating with them, I didn't join Fengyun Pavilion ..."
  However, Yao si said indifferently,"no need to explain. I know your character. You're a cautious person. You won't rashly cooperate with a force unless you think that the other party is stronger than me and the night patrolman! The other party must have a strong master who has even brought you to their lair. Otherwise, you wouldn't have easily surrendered to them after being a night patroller for so many years and having seen so much. "
 The man looked at Yao si and said helplessly: "Minister, you know me well."
 Yao si understood him so well that he could tell if he was lying.
 After a moment of silence, he spoke again."Governor li, Minister Yao. I ... Do I really have no way out?" he asked.
 Yao si coldly said,"you're the night patrolman, if it was anyone else, they would still have a way out." Have you forgotten the oath you made when you joined the night patrol?"
 "I haven't forgotten ..." The man said softly."But ... Minister, in this era where the powerhouses of the ancient civilization rule the world, tell me, what's the point of us fighting and working hard?"
 "Governor li is powerful right now, and the star military governor's office has the support of all parties. Silver Moon and the night watchers are all moving closer to him, but ... What if the ancient civilization powerhouses can come out?"
 He raised his head and looked at Li Hao's group in frustration.""How do you expect us to fight for an era without hope?"
 There was no hope!
 Ordinary people might have some hope when they saw the power of the star military governor's office, but the powerhouses would not. They all knew that this era was actually shrouded by the ancient civilization.
 Yao si calmly said,"if it was a while ago, I would also think this way. This era is very despairing. But now ... I understand that man can conquer nature!" So what if it was an ancient civilization? Moreover, they are just remnants of some ancient civilizations, not the ancient civilizations at their peak!"  "The Minister made it sound so simple ..."
 The man sneered and let go of her at this moment. He said with some disdain,""Man can conquer the heavens?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com What a joke!
 "If it's that simple, why would the Minister lie low for the past five years? He was still afraid! Even the Head of Department is afraid, how can we not be?"
 He looked at Yao si,"Huang Long rampages on the night patrollers, and the Minister doesn't care. What about us?" He could only seek refuge with a major power. The three major organizations didn't dare to accept me, afraid that I was a spy. I couldn't join the nine divisions because I was a night watchman ... In the end, Fengyun Pavilion extended an olive branch to me, and I could only choose to accept it. "
 Yao Si was silent for a moment, then said,""Perhaps you're right. In these five years, I've indeed disappointed many people. Li Hao once scolded me, saying that I was the night patrolman's religion. I chose to compromise, not to mention the others ... I extinguished the last trace of passion of the night patrolman. "
 Today, when this capable subordinate of the past also said that his dormancy had made them despair, Yao si felt even more deeply. "For the past five years, my compromise might have been wrong."
 However, he had also come to a realization.
 Yao si looked at him and said,"you ... If you have not done any evil things except for providing some information to Fengyun Pavilion, I can plead for you after I have investigated the situation ..."
 "Fengyun Pavilion hasn't caused much damage yet ... You ..."
  Below, the man sneered,'forget it, there's no need for the Minister to worry! Evil deeds? What was evil? Did colluding with the three major organizations count? Did killing civilians count? Was it a robbery? If that's the case ... Then I probably won't be able to keep my head! Governor li abhorred evil, but do you know how many people like me there are? There are too many of them, can we kill all of them?"
 "If I deserve to be killed, then half of the world's supers should be killed!"
 "Why doesn't Governor li go to the city of supers to settle things? In order to build the superpower City, they chose a place and asked everyone to move away. The Feng Shui of the place was good, so the superpower City chased all the local residents away ... Those who did not leave were killed, and those who left were forced to leave. That winter, the bodies of the original residents of the superpower City were everywhere. "
 "The nine divisions and the royal family are watching. Should we kill them all?"
 "Governor li has killed many people, but ... Can you kill all of them?"
 "This is the era. What do you want us to do?" he said with a hint of mockery.
 "Those forces are supported by those monster plants and monster beasts. If we want to kill them, we have to kill these existences ... Can we kill all of them?"
 Li Hao didn't speak.
 Yao si sighed,"as long as you are willing to do it ..... There is nothing that can not be done!."

 "What a joke!"
 Li Hao coughed and interrupted their conversation.""Well, let's not talk about these useless things. Let me ask you, do you know a lot about the Fengyun Pavilion? if you know a lot, I can consider showing you some things. If you don't know a lot ... The sooner you die, the sooner you reincarnate. Those people you mentioned will not have a good end!"
 The other party was silent for a while. He looked at Li Hao for a long time, then smiled."Quite a few. It should be okay. At least more than that Wu guy from Nanyue. I know that guy sent people to follow the people from Fengyun Pavilion, but his people are too rough. Don't forget, the night patrolmen are the professionals!"
 "That's good." Li Hao smiled and nodded."Minister Yao, take him to the relic!"
 Yao Si was somewhat surprised, but after a moment, he nodded.
 Very quickly, he brought that person to the backyard.
 To the current supers, killing a monster plant was absolutely shocking.
 After they left, Nan Quan asked,""Can this guy get any information?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This person wasn't strong. Although he had barely stepped into the divine power realm, director Wu didn't know much. Fengyun Pavilion had invested but they weren't prepared to use it now.
  Therefore, these people knew very little about Fengyun Pavilion.
 "It doesn't matter if you don't know. If you don't know, then continue to investigate. It's not a bad harvest to defeat two of the other party's divine powers."
 The few of them chatted for a while.
 After about half an hour, Yao si brought that person out. At this moment, that Division Head was already stunned and dazed.
 Monster plants would die too!
 The monster behind the criminal law Division had been killed.
 After returning to the hall, he looked at Li Hao. After a long time, he slowly said,""Governor, I see another monster plant over there ... I want to ask you a question."
 "Speak," he said.
 "You ... Want to establish a new dynasty, or ... An ancient dynasty with heritage?"
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
 The man gritted his teeth."The governor has killed an incredible existence, but now, there are still existences from the ancient civilization involved. The governor is the successor of the eight great families and the inheritance of the ancient civilization!" Of course, this was nothing. Which of the current human race wasn't a descendant of an ancient civilization? But I want to know, what does the governor want in the end? A new dynasty that belongs to this era, or is it a vassal of the powerful ancient civilization of the Silver Moon?"
 "This is an interesting question!" Li Hao laughed.
 He didn't think too much about it and said directly,""Of course it's a new era country! Working with the ancient civilization is only cooperation and mutual use. I admire their spirit, but I can't let them continue to control this era!"
 "The chaos in the world is closely related to these existences. We will extract their essence and remove their dregs. We welcome anyone who is willing to help us develop! Those who aren't willing and still want to cause trouble, kill them all!"  "Ancient civilizations can't be generalized."
 Li Hao said seriously,"however, there's one thing I'm clear about. That is, this era belongs to us! If they need any help, I can help them. It's a win-win situation. However, if it involves other things, I will solve it myself!"
 The man fell into deep thought. After a while, he said,""Governor, did you build the sky Star Martial Arts Academy to let the commoners come into contact with transcendents and have hope of crossing over to another level?"
 "Yes."
 Li Hao nodded slightly."However, this is only the beginning. Next, there will be some changes in clothing, food, housing, and transportation. Technology and education will be promoted. There might not be any results yet ... But after I get rid of some people, I will work hard to promote it!"
 The man thought for a while and said,"then, something like the superpower City ..."
 "In a few days, I'll naturally settle them all!"
 "I believe you!" The man smiled.
 He had no choice but to believe it.
 In this era, when others were still working hard to find someone to rely on, Li Hao's team had killed their backer. This was their determination.
 He let out a breath and seemed to be much more relieved."I'm not afraid of death. I'm afraid of dying unwillingly! He died unconvinced! You can ask the Minister, when I was on night patrol, how many people from the three major organizations did I kill? I'm not saying this to claim credit, I just want to say ... If I die, I won't accept it if someone more evil than me doesn't die!"
 "They're all on the governor's must-kill list. I'm convinced."
  He wasn't afraid of death, but he was afraid that those who were more evil than him wouldn't die. If that happened, he wouldn't be satisfied even if he died.
 "Governor, do you have a pen and paper?"
 Li Hao reached out his hand, and a pen and paper flew out.
 The man quickly wrote down names one by one, and there was even a note of his identity at the back: "That year, the Fengyun Pavilion wanted to cooperate with me because of my identity as a night patroller. I could provide them with a lot of information. Their intelligence system in the outside world is not developed. All these years, they have been relying on me to provide them with information."
 As the head of the night patrolmen in a province, he was very capable since he was rooted in the central region.
 "Some of these people were recruited by me. Some of them were recruited by themselves. However, I have been sending people to follow them ... This is what I know. As for whether there are others, I don't know. These people are all working for the Fengyun Pavilion."
 As he wrote, he said,"also, I've been to the headquarters of Fengyun Pavilion once. I don't know the exact location. However, I'm guessing that it's between Nanyue and nandou."
 "I was sealed by them when I entered the ruins."
 At this point, he drew on another piece of paper, and soon, a city appeared.

 "This is what their ruins look like. It's a city, and there are many people in this city. I've met at least 500 people!"
 "They're all living people!"
 He continued to explain and drew a mansion in the center of the city."This is the residence of the master of Fengyun Pavilion. Besides ... This master ... Might be an ancient human being!"
 "Ancient humans?" Li Hao was stunned.
 How was that possible?
 Even the Supreme Saints of the ancient human race had rotted away. Could the master of Fengyun Pavilion be more powerful than a Supreme Saint?
 The man explained,"I'm not sure. I've only seen him once, and there was a distance between us. I made a judgment based on his actions, behavior, and a few words. Even if he isn't ... There must be an ancient human alive. Governor, you have to be careful of this. I suspect that this person has been educated and taught by the ancient human race. "
 "He doesn't actually know much about the situation in our era. He only knows about it from other people."
 "I feel like I know a lot about the ancient civilization, even though I didn't say much ..."
 The other party wasn't sure. Li Hao nodded slightly and said,""Are there any monster plants?"
  "There are!"
 The man nodded again."There's a towering tree behind the mansion. But I've seen it. The tree had a brief contact with the pavilion master. The tree ... Was very polite to the Fengyun Pavilion master. It didn't order him around."
 "Therefore, this is also one of the reasons why I determined that the other party is an ancient human being."
 "I stayed in that city for three days, and the other party showed me their power."
 "There are many experts in Fengyun Pavilion. When I went there, it was several years ago. They should be even stronger now ..."
 "If you want to annihilate them, I'm afraid it's not a good choice to enter their ruins," he said after some thought.
 Even if Li Hao had killed a monster plant.
 However, the other party had monster plants, and there might still be ancient human powerhouses alive.
 Li Hao frowned slightly. The man continued,""By the way, there's one more thing. The other party once asked me to pay attention to the red moon organization and to investigate it in depth. He seems to be a little afraid."
 "Therefore, the monster plant or ancient civilization behind the Crimson Moon should not be weak either!"
 Li Hao nodded again.
 At this moment, the other party had drawn out the entire city and listed the names one by one. In the end, he said,""That's all I know. I've also drawn out the approximate location of the other party's ruins. "
 "There's another important point. Every month, the other party will send someone out of the ruins to buy some necessities."
 "But they won't be purchasing it through us ..."
 He thought for a moment and said,"I've checked before. The other party should be purchasing from Nanyue or nandou. However, I don't have the authority to investigate openly. You can start from this point. Every time they purchase, they will purchase about 500 people, which will meet the demand for at least a month! It's a big deal. We should be able to find out from this. "
 "Actually, it's not just them. All the major forces have such departments. However, the three major organizations and SuperPower City are all open to the public. There's no need to investigate. Fengyun Pavilion has done it secretly but we can still find out."
 "They usually don't use star coins but divine energy stones ... So, there must be a big Chamber of Commerce serving them. Ordinary people don't dare to accept the sale of divine energy stones, but if we lock in, we should be able to lock in the specific Chamber of Commerce that will cooperate with them!"
 Li Hao's eyes flickered. As expected of a night patrolman. He didn't get to where he was purely based on his strength, but on his real ability.
 The other party didn't investigate it. If they really wanted to, they might have already locked onto Fengyun Pavilion.
 "There's one more thing. When it comes to purchasing, these people have a Special Hobby. They like to eat vegetables ... They don't have high requirements for meat, but they have high requirements for vegetables, so it's easier to lock onto the source!"
 "Their organization should have been around for more than ten years. The traces are obvious ..."
 Li Hao nodded slightly. With this information, it was indeed easy to lock onto the other party.
 Especially at a time like this, where the weather was freezing and the supply of vegetables was actually very small, it was very easy to lock in on which Chamber of Commerce could supply.
 At this moment, Li Hao somewhat cherished his talent.
 Just as he was thinking, the person looked at Yao si."Minister Yao, I have followed you for many years. Now that things have come to this, I have nothing to say. I only want to say one thing ..."
 "Go ahead,"
 The man laughed."Minister Yao, you'd better not be a leader. You're not qualified. You're indecisive. It's better to be a fighter than a leader. You've hurt many people's hearts in the past few years!"
 Yao SI's expression changed slightly.
 The next moment, blood spurted out of the man's mouth and his internal organs were crushed. He laughed,""I'll deal with it myself, there's no need for you guys to act! [I joined Fengyun Pavilion only because ... I couldn't see any hope or light!] If it were a peaceful era, I think ... I might be able to become an upright official, but unfortunately, there are no ifs. Today ... Perhaps ... I've seen a glimmer of light. Governor li, this era is too dark ... The dark ones aren't the nine divisions or the royal family ... It's those remnants of the ancient civilization who want to turn the tables ... Let's not talk about Silver Moon, but these monster plants and monster beasts in stellarsky city ... Governor ... Should all be killed!"
 BOOM!  His body exploded, but Li Hao quickly caught it and closed it.
 Li Hao was silent.
 At this moment, he suddenly had some thoughts.
 He had always wanted to kill the nine divisions and the royal family ...
 However, at this moment, someone was telling him that he was wrong. The source was not here. The source was those monster plants and monster beasts, and even the humans of the ancient civilization.
 These people were the main culprits.
 He controlled the nine divisions and the imperial family.
 These people were the ones who should die.
 Li Hao closed his eyes. Yao si also had complicated feelings and didn't speak for a long time.
 The other party had committed suicide. He said that he wasn't afraid of death, but he refused to accept it even though he was afraid of death. He would only be convinced if Li Hao could kill an even more evil existence.
 Was the other party a good person?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It wasn 't.
 At least, according to what he said, he had killed civilians, plundered, killed people from the three major organizations, and even colluded with them ...
 However, he said that it wasn't that he had to do it, but that the times were just like that.
 Li Hao took a deep breath.
 "What's his name?"he asked after a long time.
 "Chen hai!"
 "Bury him. Just tell the outside world that he died while carrying out a mission!"
 Yao si nodded.
 "Arrest them one by one according to the list!" He ordered.
 "Lock onto the enemy's specific location according to the information he provided," Li Hao said coldly."Even if we can't enter the relic to kill them, we must seal the relic and block them!"
 It had been difficult to locate Fengyun Pavilion, but now that Chen hai had provided a lot of information, it was easy to locate the Fengyun Pavilion.
 However ... They were not easy to deal with.
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
 Perhaps, he really had to make a trip to heaven battling city. Little tree alone might not be enough. If general Huai was willing to provide him with an origin avatar, this person would at least have the power of an immortal or even a Supreme Saint.
 The clone would not be weak either.
 But ... Would the other party agree?
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 However, it was better to try.
  Li Hao made his decision.
 Outside, everyone quickly left. Yao si also quickly left to start investigating the other party's location.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Yuan Shuo had also entered stellarsky city.
 This time, they didn't try to hide. Instead, they did it openly. As soon as they entered the city, everyone received the news.
 However, they were no longer afraid of Yuan Shuo.
 His only fear was that this person's disciple was not ordinary.
 As for Yuan Shuo, he had also enjoyed the treatment of entering the city openly, and no one dared to provoke him.
 However, he felt a little regretful. It wasn't because of his own reputation, but because of his disciple. He was really aggrieved.

