fileno%d
t city formation has been broken and the Stargate is sealed. There's hope for it to be completely cut open ..."
 "But there's a premise. The world grows naturally. The Silver Moon world is actually a projection of the origin world. Some things are just imitations of the origin world ... They don't have the real form and spirit!"
 Director Wang kept nodding.
 "What do you mean by" truly equipped in form and spirit "?" Li Hao asked curiously.
 Hei Teng explained,"for example, this world's Cang Mountain also exists in the main world, but this world's Cang Mountain doesn't have any spiritual energy, it's just a copy!" The entire world was like this, they were all imitations. It's the same for other places. For example, the forbidden Sea in this world is only a projection and not the real Forbidden Sea. The birth of the real Forbidden Sea is different ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao was stunned. He seemed to have forgotten something when he thought of himself.
 "Um ..." He said after a long while,"when I was in the North Sea, I heard the descendants of the demon subduing envoy say that the forbidden Sea under the silver moon runs through the sky and the earth, and there's something strange ..."
 Hei Teng was startled. After a long while, he looked at Li Hao."When did this happen?"
 "I think it's only recently ..."
  "Why didn't you say so earlier?"
 "I don't know much about the forbidden Sea, and I've never seen it before. I only saw a pit with a Skygold Lotus, so I didn't pay much attention to it ..."
 "He grew a sky Golden Lotus?"
 Hei Teng was stunned again. He looked at Li Hao."How can a projection of the forbidden Sea produce a heavenly Golden Lotus?"
 Li Hao was stunned. He looked at director Wang. I seem to have told you about this before!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Wang was also stunned. After a long while, he said,"Yes, the eternal Golden Lotus of the forbidden Sea is normal ..."
 "That was in the past," hei Teng said calmly. "Now that the Stargate is closed, how long can it last?" There was no origin or the power of the origin world. At this moment, the forbidden Sea should have been a stinking ditch. How could there be a Golden Lotus in the sky? If he doesn't understand, do you not understand?"
 “……”
 "You mean ..." Director Wang's expression changed.
 Hei Teng sighed,"the world ... Has been opened!" The origin world has been completely separated!"
 Director Wang's body trembled, and he muttered,""Then ... Doesn't that mean we can't go back?"
 Perhaps, the small world had completely left the radiation range of the main world.  Otherwise, it wouldn't be like this.
 Some of the information had been ignored by them.
 "Perhaps," hei Teng replied calmly. For us, this is a disaster, but for Li Hao and the others, this is a new opportunity. The world has truly been Reborn! A new world has been born, a complete new world. Everything is being reborn ... Li Hao, this is your chance!"
 Speaking of this, he felt a little bitter and said softly,""Next, perhaps the world will give birth to a large number of heavenly treasures and a large amount of energy. This is because the consciousness of the world might take the initiative to extract the power of the universe! This is equivalent to a new world, equivalent to the era of the nine emperors and four deities. A batch of Supreme experts will be born ... This is indeed an opportunity. "
 Li Hao swallowed his saliva and did not say anything at this moment.
 "Then ... Will there be any other trouble?" he asked after a long time.
 "Of course!"
 "We're in big trouble,"hei Teng replied calmly," of course, it's your trouble! The forbidden Sea will completely overturn the entire continent, and some of the destroyed gods of the Silver Moon world might take this opportunity to revive. Ancient existences will appear, and countless powerhouses will ride the wind and rise ... The consciousness of the world will be born, and everything will start from the beginning. Li Hao, if you don't grasp this opportunity, you'll become the cannon fodder of this era!"
 "A new era is born, a new world is born, and there may be a new master of the world, a master of all living things, a new human King, a new Demon King ... Everything has to start over!"
 He looked up at the sky."Neo martial ... Has been completely isolated from this world!"
 In an instant, the hearts of the few people present were moved.
  As for hei Teng, the monster plants, and director Wang, they were all feeling uneasy.
 New martial was completely isolated.
 Hei Teng closed his eyes in silence. Was this an accident or was it inevitable?
 Or could it be that the people who did this back then were deliberately waiting for an opportunity?
 The Silver Moon that had not been separated was just a subsidiary world.
 A completely detached Silvermoon ... That would be different. It would be a new world, and even if it was weak, it would still be a brand new world. It would have a different meaning.
 No wonder the second level of the human body great Dao universe had appeared. It turned out that ... This world was opening up a new Dao.
 It was a true new Dao, not the Dao of a small world that he had previously guessed. This was the Dao of the new universe.
 At this moment, hei Teng's mind was filled with all sorts of thoughts. "Where ... Should I go?"

 Li Hao didn't know where hei Teng would go.
 He only knew that heaven and earth now had a consciousness and was completely separated from the origin world. A series of changes might occur, but there would also be a series of opportunities.
 Li Hao didn't know if he would be able to seize these opportunities.
 Li Hao didn't really care about the so-called resurrection of the gods.
 There were so many neo martial experts that he didn't have time to care about, so what time would he have to care about gods?
 As if he had read Li Hao's mind, hei Teng suddenly sobered up and said,""Don't underestimate the gods in this world. In the past, they might not have been worth mentioning! But now, the world has been sealed and is reborn. If the opportunity comes, the old God will become the God of the New World and represent the world!"
 "When the time comes, the mountains and rivers will have spirits, the plants will have spirits, and everything will have spirits!" He said slowly.
 "Isn't that a demon?"
 Li Hao was puzzled.
 Was there a difference?
  Hei Teng shook his head,"it's not the same. The demon race is the demon race, and the spirit is the spirit!" Spirit might steal a Dao of the world and control a Dao of the world. For example, when a new world was created, thousands of DAOs would intertwine. Spirit might become the master of one of the DAOs, for example ... The fire god? Water god? Such a variety, such a spirit of elements ..."
 Li Hao frowned."Is there such a spirit in the new martial era?" he asked.
 Or rather, had such a God ever been born in the beginning stage of martial arts?
 Hei Teng said calmly,"there has never been a spirit like this in neo martial arts. It's completely in control of a Dao. This is because ... Even in the early martial era, our world's consciousness and seeds already have pure consciousness. Before this, no one knew if there was another civilization's destruction, unlike now, when the world's consciousness has just appeared."
 In the era of neo martial arts, the world's consciousness had existed for a long time, even before the beginning of martial arts. Perhaps the beginning of martial arts was not the first era. In an even longer era, there was a civilization that appeared, but it was destroyed.
 As for a new world, a new consciousness, this was still the first.
 Under normal circumstances, a normal world would have its own consciousness. Almost no one had ever experienced a newborn world.
 Li Hao understood."Senior, are you saying that demons need to cultivate as well? spirits ... Don't need to?" You were born to control a Dao, control the mountains and rivers, control the earth ... And so on, right?"
 "Maybe!"
 Hei Teng shook his head."I've never experienced it before, so I'm not sure. However, I've been to another universe and lived in another world for a period of time. I've fought there before. There are similar spirits there, the native gods ..."
 Li Hao was stunned.
 "Senior, have you been to other worlds other than the neo martial world?"
 "Yes."
 Li Hao was very surprised and couldn't believe it. ""Didn't they say that the universe is very big ..."  "That was the neo martial era. In order to survive and retain hope, a group of young people rushed to the universe under the leadership of the sword venerable. They wandered in the chaos and accidentally entered a new world ..."
 "Then ... What about that world now?"
 Li Hao was very surprised. He had thought that the neo martial world was the first known great world. Of course, it was said that an enemy had attacked, so it might be the second. He didn't expect that the person in front of him had been to other worlds.
 "It disappeared."
 "It disappeared?"
 Li Hao was confused. What did he mean?
 Hei Teng laughed."Back then, there were some dangers in that world. Later, we resolved these dangers. After that, the human King found us and had a conversation with the world's consciousness. The world's consciousness allowed us to leave. However, as the world's Masters, there is a saying of devouring each other. The other party took the initiative to avoid it and disappeared into the vast universe."
 Li Hao scratched his head and asked, is that so? A new world should be a great temptation to the human King, right? so, the human King just let him leave?"
 "You're such a busybody. "
 Hei Teng laughed."At that time, even the human King might not be able to match the other party. Besides ... To the human King, it's better to avoid unnecessary trouble. There is no conflict between the two sides, so don't have too much enmity towards neo martial. Everything in neo martial is about not attacking unless attacked. If the other party has no enmity, the human King will not take the initiative to invade."
 He might not be able to match them, but perhaps that was the key.
 Li Hao was a little envious at the moment. He said expectantly,""So, in this vast universe, there are still many worlds that exist?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Yes."
  "This is really interesting!"
 "I also hope that I can walk out of here one day," Li Hao said expectantly.
 Hei Teng laughed,'if I can become the master of the world, I'll naturally have a chance to leave this place, but ... If I can' t, it'll be very difficult! This is because the world's consciousness will have a subconsciousness, and you can't take away the world's energy ..."
 "What do you mean?"
 "It means that everything you're cultivating now is the energy given to you by the world. The more powerful you are, the more energy you take away. This means that the world's energy is lost!"
 Hei Teng continued,"therefore, the more powerful a world's consciousness is, the more it won't allow the world's powerhouses to leave. Otherwise, the world will be weak!" "Thus, when the origin world gave birth to the Silver Moon, it consumed a great amount of energy. Under normal circumstances, it would have been taken back. With the human King's personality, it would have been good if he didn't steal from others, let alone if he had been robbed by others ..."
 Although it couldn't be considered a robbery, the Silver Moon had indeed been caused by the loss of energy in the origin world.
 It was only natural for him to take it back.
 However, the human King gave up and chose to let it go, because he wanted to give it to the sword Saint.
 Li Hao knew this.

 He had seen the conversation between the blood Emperor and his ancestor in heaven battling city.
 "I see!"
 "That's right." Li Hao nodded and suddenly said,"in the new martial era, you left ... Doesn't that mean that you also took away the origin world's energy?"
 "Yes,"
 Black armor nodded."However, we're not considered powerful. Even if we take it away, the human King won't care. The world is actually extracting the energy of the universe. We're not the omnipotent beings, so the energy we take away isn't much. We can recover it naturally. The energy required to create a small world is extremely large, and it's very difficult to recover. It might take countless years. "
 So that was how it was!
 Li Hao understood.
 At this moment, he couldn't help but take a few more glances at hei Teng. This person had once roamed the other worlds with his ancestor. In that case, he should have a good relationship with his ancestor. However, he wasn't too friendly to me ... Seriously ...
 "He's just a descendant of venerable sword ... What do I need to do?"
 Hei Teng seemed to have sensed it again. He said indifferently,"Besides ... Strictly speaking, the sword Saint has no descendants."
  Li Hao was stunned.
 He looked at hei Teng and said after a long while,"What do you mean?"
 Hei Teng said lightly,"the sword Saint never married. Even when new martial arts disappeared, he never married and had children. How could he have descendants?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned!
 At this moment, not only him, but the others were also stunned.
 What did that mean?
 If the sword Saint had no descendants, then ... Where did the Li family come from?
 At this moment, even director Wang was a little curious. He didn't seem to know about this situation.
 Hei Teng was still calm."In his life, everything was dedicated to neo martial. He was young and ambitious, and he was down and out in his middle age. He was reduced to managing mcmau's warehouse and suffered a heavy blow. In the most brilliant era of his life, he wasted ten years just to sharpen his sword. The human King saved the sword Saint, and the sword Saint saved the human King. They supported each other and walked through a difficult time ..."
 All of this meant that the sword Saint was not married, and he was not interested in getting married and having children.
 Li Hao swallowed his saliva.
 He was on the verge of a mental breakdown. It wasn't that this matter was important, but that he felt that the other party was his ancestor. Yet, that person wasn't his ancestor ... What ... Was going on?
 Hei Teng continued,"of course, revered sword didn't just fall from the sky. He had a brother, revered sword's blood-related brother. He once had a granddaughter who was revered sword's grandniece. She was the only direct bloodline of the Li family's third generation. Revered sword's nephew died early and he had no children. He only had that grandniece and raised her as his own. And that person ... Is the Li clan's ancestor. "
 Li Hao's mouth was wide open, and he was speechless.
 Hei Teng suddenly laughed."I forgot to tell you.me, my sister, your ancestor, and our Vice-Chancellor are all mcmau students in the same batch."
 Li Hao's mouth opened wide again!
  There was such a relationship?  Hei Teng laughed again."And her husband is also a student of our batch. You're all classmates, so you can be considered the direct descendants of the sword venerable ... Although you're slightly inferior, you're almost the same. There's not much difference."
 Li Hao's mouth was still wide open. After a long while, he said,""So, the ancestor of the Li family is the grandniece of the sword Saint and not a real member of the Li family ..."
 "How can you say that?"
 "You can say that. The sword Saint really treats him as his own descendant," hei Teng laughed.
 Alright!
 Li Hao was helpless.
 It feels like ... He's not really the direct descendant. I thought that revered sword was really my direct ancestor. This person should be called second ancestor, right?
 "Then why are we surnamed li?"
 Li Hao asked, and hei Teng helplessly said,""Isn't it normal for the grandniece of the sword venerable, who was raised as her own granddaughter, to have the surname Li? Young man, men and women must be equal, do you understand?"
 “……”
 Li Hao understood. He nodded slightly."That's right. With such an ancestor here, my female ancestor's husband, the male ancestor, probably wouldn't dare to snatch the right to have a name."
 “……”
 Hei Teng was speechless.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, sighed with emotion."After all this, he's still not a descendant of the sword venerable. No wonder."
 "No wonder what?"
 "No wonder senior wasn't too polite to me ..."
  Hei Teng really wanted to curse. "Am I not being polite to you?
 If it wasn't related to venerable the sword, I would have slapped you to death.
 Besides, even if it has nothing to do with the revered sword, your ancestor was my classmate. We have a close relationship.
 At this moment, Li Hao thought of something.""The ninth Division commander and that rebel li daoheng, what's the difference between them and us? A branch? If there's a branch, it means there's a main branch. Are we considered the main branch?"
 "Yes."
 Hei Teng nodded,"back then, the sword Saint didn't care much about sword city." "It was mainly your ancestor, my classmate, who was in charge of it. Later on, he gave birth to a few children, and the eldest son inherited the position of sword city's city Lord ... This is the so-called main bloodline! The others all sought their own opportunities, and this was the origin of the branch. Li Daozong's branch is the descendant of my classmate's second son, which is what everyone calls a branch. "
 ? Hei Teng then added,"each family is about the same, but the so-called division between the main and side families is just a joke. There are many opportunities in the new martial era. Just because they stay in the main city doesn't mean that they're better. It's just a small world. Some of the side families will live better and have a greater future in the main world ..."
 So that was how it was!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Then why is the main branch of the eight great families not in the main city, but in the silver Blizzard city?" Li Hao was stunned.
 Hei Teng glanced at him and said after a long while,""You're asking me?"

 How would I know!
 Li Hao quickly looked at director Wang, who was also from the Wang family's side branch. He was a little confused."Director Wang, if you're in the city, why aren't we here?"
 "That's normal!"Director Wang laughed.
 "What?"
 Director Wang was speechless,"I said it's normal!" Back then, everyone knew that the main city was going to be destroyed sooner or later. Without energy, it would be sealed off sooner or later. The main family left with their people in order to obtain a chance of survival and pass down the key ... At that time, the main city was actually a land of death. Staying here was just waiting for death! The heaven-battling Army's mission is to stay behind ... There's no other way!"
 Those who stayed behind had no other choice.
 In order to pass down the bloodline and the key to open the Stargate, the eight great families were created.
 However, Li Hao was still puzzled."Then ... Why didn't you bring the key to the Wang family home?" he asked.
 It was that old turtle, right?
  If the main city was no longer safe in order to open the gate, they should have brought all of them out.
 "It's different!"
 Director Wang explained,"senior black turtle's spirit was very strong. When he went out, his spirit was destroyed!" This was because there was no more energy in the outside world. Once they left, the divine weapon would fall silent, and The Guardian would be completely destroyed. It would be very difficult to revive it! The other divine weapons don't have as much spirit, so it doesn't matter much if we bring them out. "
 Li Hao frowned."That's why we don't bring it out. What if it's lost?"
 Since the eight great families had a tacit understanding, why would the Wang family not bring a divine weapon with them?
 Director Wang was silent for a while.
 He glanced at Li Hao and suddenly said,""Who are we guarding against?"
 Director Wang was stunned. After a while, he nodded,""The gathering of the eight divine weapons will open the Stargate, so ... The black turtle shield, which has the strongest spiritual nature, has been left in the main city just in case! Heaven battling city is the safest place. If the other seven cities are destroyed, it's unlikely that heaven battling city will be destroyed because the blood Emperor personally wrote the two words 'heaven battling' in heaven battling city. Even the sword Emperor would not be able to do what the blood Emperor did. "
 "If the other seven weapons gather and you need to open the Stargate, you can come to heaven battling city to find senior black turtle."
 Director Wang said.
 "Is there a test?" Li Hao suddenly asked.
 Director Wang did not say anything.
 Yes, it was.  Since it was just a precaution, it was impossible to let anyone who came with seven weapons get the eighth one and open the Stargate directly.
 Wouldn't that be a waste of effort?
 The old turtle was the last line of defense.
 However, now ... Director Wang laughed bitterly,""It's actually meaningless now. You've broken the other divine weapons, so the eight divine weapons will never have the chance to gather again!"
 Say my ass!
 There was one more thing that Li Hao didn't understand."In that case, the Zheng family should have sent someone out as well. The Zheng family rebelled, but they still allowed people to bring out divine weapons?" At that time, the eight clans could still live in peace, so why didn't they seize their divine weapons earlier?"
 Director Wang rolled his eyes,"I'm already dead, how could I know?" We didn't go out, only those who went out would know. At that time, the eight great families all made their own decisions, just as a precaution, not a decision made after contacting each other. Maybe the Zheng family was fishing, maybe for something else, maybe those who came out at that time all lost their power, maybe the world doesn't support the revival of divine weapons, and they took it for nothing ... There are too many reasons, you ask me, how can I know?"
 Li Hao, this guy, does he think I know everything?
 Li Hao nodded."So, the people who came out are all dead because they don't have energy to support them, right?"
 "Yes."
 Director Wang nodded,"there is still some energy left in the ruins. When we went out, there was no energy in the world. We would have died of old age. Moreover, the world was shaking and the source disappeared. The path could collapse at any moment. It was only safe in the city. The main vein chose to leave because it wanted to survive."
 "But I heard that venerable the sword took all the experts away," Li Hao continued."Why didn't the head of the Zheng family leave?"
  “……”
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Wang rolled his eyes and asked him again,"I'm not a high ranking official."
 Hei Teng, on the other hand, laughed,""It's normal. I didn't leave either. It's not that I didn't leave. Some people were scheduled to leave in the second batch. Venerable the sword and the others were in the first batch, and we were in the second batch. It's just that ... We were a step too late. The other party should be the same as me, on the list of people in the second batch. It's just that the Stargate was closed before we could leave."
 "The first batch of top-tier experts has left. There are some weaklings in the second batch, so we'll need to waste some time ..."
 Seeing Li Hao look at him, black armor said indifferently,""I'm not talking about me, but those students! I need to take my students with me, and the head of the Zheng family might have the same reason. For example, he might take some of his descendants and some of the weaker powerhouses with him ... This would make it easier for him to stay. The venerable sword is not an unreasonable person. If you have something important to do, he won't reject your reasonable request even if you delay a little. "
 Li Hao was relieved. He heaved a sigh of relief."That's why I said that all the experts left. Then a bunch of them showed up. I thought director Wang and the ninth Division commander were afraid of the battle."
 “……”
 Director Wang wanted to curse!
 "Wang Ye is indeed a little weak," hei Teng said indifferently."He's only at the early stage of immortal realm. It's normal for him to stay!" The requirement for the war was to be at least undying. In the initial stages, it was recommended not to go out. Of course, the Army was an exception! Wang Ye is also the director of the security Bureau and is in charge of internal affairs. He's not in the military, so it's only reasonable for him to stay!"

 “……”
 Director Wang felt helpless.
 The ninth Division commander was to stay behind and guard the city.
 Wang Ye was in charge of the safety of the city.
 These people were specially left behind to guard the place.
 Li Hao suddenly understood and said,"then where's the list of the second batch of experts?" He couldn't just leave without a name list, right? "If there are any, take them and investigate who has stayed ... We'll know who the traitors are. In any case, other than those who must stay behind, those who stall for time and leave are all suspects!"
 "The name list is with the sword Saint. You can go and find it."
 Hei Teng couldn't be bothered to say anything more.
 Other than the Commander-in-Chief, venerable the sword, the list would not be spread randomly, even though it was not that important.
 “……”
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was embarrassed and pretended he didn't say anything.
 Li Hao didn't dwell on this. He quickly said,""Forget it, let's not care about that. I'll continue to sort out the new system. The division Chief is willing to model it for me ..."
 "The division Chief doesn't know much about the new generation of humans ..."
 "Teacher, why don't you work with the division Chief to build a new model?" he looked at Yuan Shuo.
 Li Hao felt that his teacher understood the current human race best.
 Including things like Shi, he understood them very well.
 Although hei Teng was strong, who knew if he understood this?
 Hei Teng didn't say anything, but Yuan Shuo laughed. He glanced at Li Hao, feeling somewhat gratified. 'My disciple knows me best. I'm omnipotent!'
 "Oh, right." Li Hao added,"I used some of my superpowers to do some simple research. I found something ..."
 Li Hao pondered for a moment."It's related to the Blessed priests. Blessed priests are born with superpower locks opened and release energy. I think they were born to be connected to the bright star sector. These people are indeed blessed by the heavens!"
 "Before this, I was still thinking that being blessed by the heavens wasn't a good thing, but I later determined that perhaps being blessed by the heavens meant that it was innately related to the bright star realm. Therefore, the bright star realm was only discovered by me, but it had already existed in the great Dao of the world!"
 Hei Teng nodded,"you're right. The Dao universe has always existed. The key is to discover it!" Those so-called Heavenly Divine Masters should have had a better chance to discover it, but they didn 't. It can only be said that this Dao, this great Dao universe, should be yours!"
 He then looked at Li Hao."This also means that you're not blessed by the heavens. You're not destined!" Man can defeat the heavens! It's probably related to one thing. It's difficult for the descendants of the neo martial artists to become heavenly priests. The heavenly priests today, countless generations ago, their ancestors were either mortals or weaklings, so they are more compatible with this world. "
  Li Hao was slightly dazed. He then nodded. So that was the case.  It was no wonder that Hongtu wanted to go against the heavens and change his fate, choosing to be reborn directly. He was a neo martial artist, and the mark of the great Dao was still there. If he did not reincarnate and did not completely abandon these things, it would probably be very difficult for him to become someone favored by the heavens and replace the consciousness of heaven and earth.
 "The universe of Dao should have always existed, and Shi wasn't discovered only now, but a long time ago!" It's just that this era makes it easier for us to get closer and closer. "
 Li Hao nodded in agreement.
 Perhaps, it had something to do with the first recovery.
 At this moment, hei Teng continued,"the destruction of the energy of heaven and earth is actually an opportunity. In this era of destruction, the influence of the great Dao of origin is completely abandoned. All neo martial artists are sealed and have completely lost control of the heaven and earth. This time has given the heaven and earth the opportunity to give birth to their own self. Therefore, whether the destruction of heaven and earth was intentional or forced, it's hard to say. Maybe ... Someone was waiting for this opportunity! The small world might not be important, what's important is the bright star sector you speak of!"
 "Someone wants to be the first person to discover the great path universe, just like the celestial Emperor of the new martial era."
 Li Hao was stunned and fell into deep thought.
 "Is that possible?"
 "It's possible. "
 Hei Teng nodded."In your eyes, it might seem unbelievable. However, for some powerful beings, they can't transcend and become powerful beings like the human King. However, if they use the New World to discover a second great Dao, they might have the chance to transcend. "If it's because of this, there's a reason to betray neo martial. Otherwise, there's no need to do this. Neo martial is too strong. The price to pay for betraying neo martial is too high!"
 "Then who could it be?"
 "Could it be venerable sword?" Li Hao suddenly thought.
  “……”
 Good fellow!
 At this moment, director Wang and the others were about to roll their eyes. Just because he wasn't your biological ancestor, you started to make things up?
 "Venerable the sword is so powerful, and this world was given to him ..." Li Hao said with a serious expression.
 "You know that it's for venerable the sword, so why do you have to do this?" hei Teng asked."It's an unnecessary move. It's just a matter of a word. If you tell the human King that he wants to use this world to evolve the second great Dao, do you think the human King will refuse?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was startled. That was true.
 Hei Teng continued,"if you really want to develop a second great Dao universe, everyone will support you. Making it so complicated is like taking off your pants and farting." Only you dare to think about it!"
 "Huh?" Li Hao scratched his head in embarrassment."Then ... Can a second great Dao universe really appear if a small world is sealed?"
 "Not necessarily. There's no precedent. Maybe someone just wanted to try it ... Anyway, it's not their own."

 "The way I see it, the person who's planning this is probably just testing it out," hei Teng said coldly."He's not certain. " No one can be sure, otherwise, someone would have already tried it. "
 That would require a small world!
 Li Hao thought that it was indeed impossible to be a revered sword artist. According to them, a revered sword artist could do it with a single word.
 Forget it, he was too lazy to guess who it was.
 He was so weak that if he guessed it, he would also be killed.
 As for why he guessed that it was venerable the sword, it was only because he felt that the person had the strength and the opportunity. However, on second thought, it was really troublesome. It was obviously his, but he still had to do this. Unless his fake ancestor's brain was flooded with water.
 Li Hao stopped talking about this and quickly said,""I'll strengthen the superpower lock on my body and show as many as I can. Then, I'll gather a group of special supers. This way, I should be able to find more ..."
 Hei Teng nodded."We can give it a try, but we have to be fast to avoid any problems. Since we've confirmed that the consciousness of the world is starting to form and that the world has completely broken away from the main world's control, we have to race against time!"
 Li Hao nodded and didn't say anything else. He turned to look at sky sword and the others."Seniors, I'll have to trouble you to gather a group of special powers. Martial masters are the same. Each type of force may actually represent a different type of superpower lock. It's just that no one realized it before."
 The few of them nodded, all of them rather interested.
  They also liked this kind of thing.
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 At this moment, a neglected dog suddenly barked. Li Hao was stunned. What was he talking about?
 Hei Teng was a little surprised. He nodded slightly. "That's right. Since the new human race has the Dao Meridian, the new demon race might also have it! It might be the same for new monster plants ... But now, there's a new generation of monsters. Monster plants ... It's not that fast, is it?"
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 Hei Teng looked at Black Panther and asked hesitantly,"you want to open your Dao Meridian too?" I don't know how, what's the point of telling me?"
 Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof!
 "Get Li Hao to open it for you?"
 "Then you can just tell him directly," hei Teng chuckled.
 "Woof!"
 Black armor was speechless."You're a demonic beast. You don't know the language of spiritual waves. Do you really not know it? or are you just pretending?" You can do the exchange yourself!"
 “……”
 On the side, Li Hao was dumbfounded. He glanced at Black Panther and said,""You also want to open your Dao Meridian? Do you? Also, senior is right, everyone can use spiritual energy fluctuations, why can't you, but only know how to bark, bark, bark?"
 Heibao was a little innocent,"woof woof!"
 Hei Teng also had the urge to roll his eyes."It said that it doesn't know how to use spiritual force, only force! It is unable to control the fluctuations of Shi and convert them into language. The new generation of Yao is also different. "
 Li Hao snapped,"nonsense!" The leader of the heavenly Peng mountain is also a modern demon. He only knows how to use mentality waves. This dog is trying to trick us again!"
 The Black Panther was extremely aggrieved,"woof woof woof!."
 Hei Teng could only translate again."It said that those demons can only be considered as modern demons, not modern martial arts demons. It practices martial arts, while those guys practice ancient martial arts. It practices force, while those guys practice physical body and blood. They're different."
  Li Hao looked at Black Phoenix suspiciously. The dog only barked once, but there was so much information contained in it?  Hei Teng was a little tired and couldn't be bothered to say anything more.
 Otherwise, do you think I have nothing better to do than to tell you so much?
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. He just touched his chin and glanced at Black Panther.
 That's true!
 This might be the only Yao that cultivated Shi right now?
 Be it the master of sky ROC mountain or the snake of Mount kui, they did not seem to cultivate Shi. Instead, they cultivated the path of the ancient demon clan, strengthening their physical body, Qi, and blood. At most, they could strengthen their spiritual power. However, Shi ... Did not seem to exist!
 In that case, Gou 'Zi might really have a Super Lock, which was the Dao Meridian.
 Humans had it, but did demons have it too?
 That's right, the world doesn't only have humans, there are also other living things.
 There were even dogs, but what about pigs?
 There was a pig, but where was the cat? Where are the sheep?
 There were all kinds of things ... Did he have to find them all?
 Li Hao swallowed his saliva. This was an extremely huge project. He might not be able to accomplish it in his entire life.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Also, there are humans, demons, and everything. There are living things, but are there dead ones?
 For example, a sword, a saber, a spear ... Could these weapons cultivate on their own?
 Did he have a Dao Meridian?
 The more he thought about it, the more terrifying it was!
  Cultivation was truly a vast world. The more he thought about it, the more miraculous it became.
 ……
 From that day on, Li Hao, hei Teng, director Wang, Yuan Shuo, and a dog began to construct human models in the mine. They were not ordinary human models, but extremely special ones. According to hei Teng, they were even building human universe models.
 He even asked Li Hao to describe the general appearance of the bright star sector and compress it ... Li Hao even suspected that this person was deliberately trying to get information from him.
 However, in order to make it more perfect, he still said it.
 As for training, Li Hao put it aside. It was a kind of training that allowed Li Hao to have a more direct and deeper understanding of the human body.
 ……
 The mine was like another world.
 A transparent giant similar to Li Hao appeared in the air. Li Hao was depressed."This, can I not build a model?"
 "The human body is not the slightest bit different, unless you don't have it in real life!" Hei Teng replied calmly.

 “……”
 Li Hao rolled his eyes.
 Yuan Shuo chuckled."This is a male model. We'll have to build a female model later to compare the difference between men and women. There might be some differences as well, including the elderly and children. We'll have to compare them too!"
 Li Hao glanced at his teacher. Teacher ... Was it really for research, or had the nature of the old lecher been exposed?
 Hei Teng couldn't be bothered with them. He was very serious and strict when it came to these things. At this moment, he said in a deep voice,"The human body is the most complicated, and I don't understand the modern human race very well. Next, I'll need to use the Sumeru absorption technique to compress the bright star World into it ... But the Dao Meridian is not easy to copy ..."
 He thought hard. What could replace the Dao Meridian?
 "Must it be similar?" Li Hao asked.
 "That's the most accurate way!"
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"it can be replaced with divine text. However, it will require a lot of manpower. Everyone will have to condense different divine text to simulate the real Dao Meridian!"
 "This one's fine!"
  "Then," Black Phoenix nodded,"we'll just have to fix a space in which the Holy prose can be inserted at any time ..."
 The group of people started fighting again.
 Apart from being transparent, a human model with internal organs that were almost identical to Li Hao's appeared.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com During this time ... Hei Yao, Yuan Shuo, and director Wang kept checking on Li Hao. Li Hao was very depressed. These old men kept observing him all day long. They were just short of counting how many hairs he had.
 In fact, it was almost the same.
 At this time, Li Hao didn't absorb a large amount of energy or the spring of life. The 11 monster plants in the ruins were all providing him with the spring of life. The amount of spring of life he consumed every day was an astronomical figure.
 Since the mine was huge, Li Hao didn't care how much he had to spend.
 Not only that, but he was also constantly drawing energy from the bright star sector to strengthen his body, in case too many super locks appeared and his body collapsed.
 Unknowingly, Li Hao had become stronger.
 He wasn't too shocked himself. He was immersed in the construction of the human model and continued to perfect it.
 Not only that, but Li Hao was also building his own divine text system.
 It included assembling, reconstructing, constructing, and breaking ...
 He would try what was dangerous.
 He wouldn't die anyway!
 ……
 While Li Hao kept trying ...
 In the outside world, there were actually some faint changes. Between heaven and earth, all kinds of energy seemed to have become much more active.
 Originally, energy was just energy.
 Now, this energy seemed to be extremely active.
 ……
 Silver Moon.
 Silver City.
 Director Zhao personally rushed to the Silver City. It was still raining. The rain in the extreme north should be very cold. It should even freeze when it fell. However, the Silver City was not.  The rain here was still rain when it fell to the ground.
 There was less coldness, but more of a bloody smell.
 Director Zhao raised his head to look at the sky and frowned. The rain in the Silver City was very strange, it only covered the Silver City.
 The range wasn't large.
 He knew that the rain here was unique, because before, the red moon organization would always choose the rainy season to deal with the people of the eight great families.
 "Only during the rainy season can we deal with the eight great families and strip them of their bloodline power ..."
 Director Zhao looked up at the sky. He instantly rose into the air and continued to fly upwards. However, the source of the rain wasn't simply clouds gathering and colliding. It wasn't water vapor. He continued flying upwards until he reached the end of the sky ... A huge pressure pressed down on him, making it impossible for him to continue flying. He couldn't even see the source of the rain.
 This was different from normal rain!
 In the air, he looked up at the sky, allowing the rain to fall freely. Inside his body, he could feel the power of his bloodline trembling slightly. As a member of the Zhao family, he also had the bloodline of the eight great families.
 "This raindrop ... What is it?"
 Director Zhao frowned. Also, what did Ying Hongyue have to do with the rain?
 It was raining in Silver City again. What did this mean?
 At this moment, he could also sense that the Silver City's energy was very active and fluctuating.
 Strange!
 The Silver City ... Other than the Stargate, was there anything else?
 "Where is the sword city? The void above?"
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Suddenly, he turned his head.
 Not far away, a person appeared. Director Zhao raised his brows and said,""Ying Hongyue, you're quite bold!"
 Ying Hongyue placed her hands behind her back and looked up at the sky, not paying any attention.
 After looking around for a while, he suddenly said,"don't come here again, it's best if the people from the eight great families don't come here!"
 “……”
  "Why?" director Zhao smiled.
 "There's a seal here that seals something, whether it's a person or an object. In any case, it's very strange. This rain will strip away the bloodline power of the eight great families, and gradually, the bloodline power will fuse with the rain and be brought back to the seal to unseal it! The Li family's bloodline was especially strong! Tell Li Hao not to return to the Silver City for no reason, especially when it's raining. Otherwise ... Once the seal is broken, he won't be the only one to die!"
 Director Zhao's expression changed and he looked at him. After a while, he said,"Are you sure?"
 "Why not?" Ying Hongyue chuckled.
 Director Zhao was deep in thought and suddenly said,"This rain actually has another use!"
 Ying Hongyue looked at him.
 Director Zhao laughed."Removing the barrier between the bloodlines of the eight great families will be beneficial to the fusion of bloodlines ... Hongyue ... I think you should go further away. This place is not suitable for you!"
 "You want to stop me?"
 "What do you think?"
 Director Zhao disappeared in an instant. Ying Hongyue didn't say anything. She suddenly lashed out with her whip, and the void shattered.

 He didn't want to fight with this guy, but this person came even earlier.
 He did need some of the power of the rain to help him complete more of the fusion, even though he knew that it would make the seal even weaker.
 Just as the whip pierced through the void, a burst of laughter suddenly resounded through the world.
 "Hahaha, Ying Hongyue, I'm here!"
 Ying Hongyue frowned and threw a punch. With a loud bang, director Zhao instantly appeared and disappeared.
 "Hahaha, I'm here!"
 Ying Hongyue frowned again, and a divine light appeared in her eyes. She looked at the void around her and saw that she had been attacked countless times, one after another.
 He continued to attack, and the nearby void was shattered by him.
 He was extremely powerful!
 However, the laughter continued to ring in his ears and annoyed him. After a long while, he punched out and the space around him shattered. Director Zhao's figure appeared and he smiled,"Alright, I'm done playing. There's not much use in fighting with me. Why don't we do the same thing as before? you can continue to do bad things in other places. Silver Moon ... I still have to protect him!"
  Ying Hongyue furrowed her brows slightly and said indifferently,"I need this rain to fuse with my bloodline!"
 Director Zhao laughed and said,"there are other ways. Ying Hongyue, you're such a smart person. Are you afraid there are no other ways?" "Here, even if your bloodlines have fused, part of it will be taken away by the rain and fused into the void, freeing you from your so-called seal ... That's not good. Be good and go somewhere else!"
 "Zhao Shuguang, are you sure you can defeat me?" Ying Hongyue's eyes gleamed coldly.
 Director Zhao laughed,"how can that be!" However ... Do you believe that with a single command from me, hundreds of experts close to the peak will appear here and attack you together to kill you?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "You're still trying to scare me with this?"Ying Hongyue scoffed.
 Director Zhao laughed."It seems like you don't believe me ... Fine ... Come out and kill him!"
 At this moment, many figures appeared from all directions. Their auras were extremely powerful. Ying Hongyue's expression changed instantly, and she disappeared from where she was in the blink of an eye.
 "Zhao Shuguang, you're playing with fire!" A voice was heard after a long time.
 "I don't know how to play like you!"
 Director Zhao laughed until the voice disappeared. He looked at the people around him and laughed,""Seniors, I'm just trying to scare him. Let's all go where we should go and not surround him. At this stage, don't attack randomly, or you'll easily kill yourself."
 A figure said with an aged voice,""Director Zhao, we are only avatars. It doesn't matter if we die. I'm just a little confused. Why did you bring us out?"
 Director Zhao laughed."I don't have any purpose ... Seniors, please don't misunderstand. My main body can't appear, so it's good for my original body to get some air. According to our agreement, I just need you to help me with a small matter!"
 "Speak."
 "There is a country opposite this mountain where a group of barbarians live. Seniors, how about you go there for a while and come back after a few days?"
 "Barbarian? You mean those descendants of the initial stage of martial arts?"
 "A descendant of a beginner martial artist?"
 Director Zhao was stunned and the old voice said again,""Yes, in the past, there were some descendants of beginner martial artists who came to this mainland, but there were not many of them. The king of the humans was tolerant and inclusive, so he did not care about it. The venerable sword did not expel them either. Did these people build their own countries?"
 "Probably ... So?"  Director Zhao wasn't sure. He smiled."Recently, there has been some movement in the Cang mountains. There are many people who want to cross the Cang mountains to find out the situation ... So I'll have to trouble all of you."
 Many illusionary figures looked at director Zhao. After a long time, someone said,""Sure, but give me a deadline!"
 "The second recovery has begun. Seniors, you can return now!"
 Director Zhao smiled."It's a win-win situation. I'll also help you guys recover to the best of my ability."
 None of the figures said anything.
 After a while, someone coldly said,""Neo martial arts is not threatened. Zhao Shuguang, you'd better not do this again and again. It's a win-win cooperation. There's no need to be so extreme. Your ancestors were also extreme people back then. I didn't expect that after many years, the Zhao family is still like this ..."
 Director Zhao laughed,"how am I being extreme?" I'm just trying to protect myself ... Seniors are so powerful, I can't just let you run around, right? As long as I complete what I said, I'm not threatening you, am I? Besides, we've already agreed on this a long time ago. If we didn't agree on it, everyone could've just stayed put. Now that we've come out, you're saying that I'm extreme ... Is this appropriate?"
 At this point, he sighed and continued,"let's just live in harmony. We don't have any major conflicts of interest. A new era is a new beginning. If you seniors are not willing ... You can go back now and wait for the second recovery. Then, you can come out on your own. I won't stop you, and I can't stop you!"
 "Zhao Shuguang, perhaps ... You will pay the price for everything you have done!"
 Someone said in a low voice. In an instant, everyone disappeared from where they were.
 p After they left, director Zhao laughed. Pay the price?  What was the price?
 How could everyone not understand the win-win situation of cooperation?
 Besides, if I don't restrict you, you guys can come out and kill me. Where can I go to reason?
 This was really unreasonable!
 If he didn't agree, then he wouldn't come out. But when he came out, he said it was unreasonable ... He was really hard to please!
 Director Zhao laughed and didn't leave. He just waited here.
  I'll leave when this rain is over.
 Did Ying Hongyue really come here for the bloodline fusion or did she have some other purpose?
 Director Zhao thought to himself before sighing once more. Those Silver Moon B * stards had gone crazy and refused to return. It was said that the nine divisions and SuperPower City had been taken down.
 So what?
 It was just an Island!
 Silvermoon, you're the center of the world. What the hell do you know? look, any origin source doppelganger that appears here can easily beat you!
 "The world is becoming more and more stable. Who's playing tricks? If this continues, it won't be long before the second recovery. It's too fast!"
 He sighed in his heart.
 At this moment, he thought of one person-Li Hao. Was he the one behind this?
 Otherwise, how could the world stabilize so quickly?

 The ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 The human model was getting more and more perfect.
 Li Hao marked the Super locks that looked like bugs, but they were not very flexible yet, and there was no divine text in them.
 The four limbs and five organs were the most standard nine super locks.
 Next, light, darkness, wind, and Thunder were the four most commonly seen super locks.
 Then, there was a glowing Super Lock in the head. These 14 were all quite common.
 But now, as he continued to improve, Li Hao discovered that there was more than one superpower lock on the head.
 There were more superpower locks on his body.
 "A Dao Meridian ..."
 Hei Teng looked at the enlarged model in front of him and mumbled. Was this a superpower lock or a Dao Meridian?
  He had originally thought that it was something similar to the Sanjiao gate.
 But now, the feeling was different.
 The two of them were completely different and had almost no similarities. The only similarity was probably that they could store energy.
 At this moment, Li Hao was also observing from the perspective of a bystander.
 This was also his first time looking at the SuperLock from an outsider's point of view.
 It was like a sky full of stars.
 Thinking of the bright star sector, Li Hao recalled that the sky was also full of stars.
 After looking at it for a while, Li Hao frowned.""It's too messy. "
 Yuan Shuo nodded."It's indeed messy. It must be because a large number of superpower locks have not been filled in. Look at the organs and limbs. They're actually very beautiful. They're like nine giant Dragons in the sky. Furthermore, there were two types of these ultra-power locks. One was dim without power, while the other was bright with power. Just like the Dark Star and the scorching sun ..."
 He glanced at the Super locks and thought for a moment."Did you notice that the superpower lock without any attributes or power is mostly concentrated in the physical part of the body. On the other hand, the one with power and attributes is more illusory and is mostly concentrated in an illusory space, such as the five internal organs."
 The five internal organs had their own attributes, but the superpower lock was not on the physical body of the five internal organs, but in the internal space of the five internal organs.
 As for the four limb superpower locks, they seemed to be attached to the body.
 Li Hao nodded.
 Tian Jian also craned his neck to look. After a while, he said,"The two sides of the human body, real and virtual, virtual and real ..."
 "To put it simply," Yuan Shuo interrupted,"two different types of ultra-power locks can be separated. For now, we'll put them into one system."
 Li Hao nodded and separated the different super locks.
 And at this moment, there were still people who were constantly improving this model.
 More and more superlocks were discovered.
 As for Li Hao, he replaced all the known superpower locks and left without looking at them. Outside, a large number of superpowers were waiting for him to get his body checked.
 Of course, Li Hao wouldn't investigate them one by one.
  A mirror was suspended in the air, serving as a secondary mirror.  Each person would walk to the mirror, and a human body would float on the surface. According to their vitality strength, different light spots would be projected.
 This way, he could clearly find out which parts of the other party's body had the superpower lock.
 Every superhuman had to take a step forward.
 This place was only a minority.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was prepared to investigate the entire city, or even the entire dynasty. This was a huge project. Of course, with the existence of SuperPower City, it was enough to mainly investigate the city.
 With more people, there would be more places to repeat.
 The areas that needed to be supplemented would also be fewer.
 ……
 Li Hao continued to perfect his model.
 In the outside world, it was the last day of 1730.
 Outside, the fireworks were brilliant.
 Even though this year was turbulent and the four continents were in great turmoil, as was the central continent, many people were still in a good mood.
 For example, the people of the central continent actually felt pretty good.
 The war between the superpowers had been going on for many years and many places in the central region were in ruins.
 However, in the past few days, the superpowers who were high and mighty and had endless battles had stopped fighting. There were many superpowers in the central region now, but those who were not captured were very low-key. Many of those who were captured were now working.
 Resistance, escape, these things had happened before.
 But very, very few.
 If he was caught, he would die.
 However, not only would they not die working here, but they would also receive cultivation resources. Even though it was not good for their reputation, to some of the weaker superpowers, this kind of life was actually not bad.
  There was no need to be on tenterhooks!
 Moreover, with the retreat of the three major organizations, the central region was almost Li Hao's world. The nine divisions and the royal family still had some super legions, but they were also being suppressed and modified.
 No leader stood up to resist, and no one was as strong as a Silver Moon Martial Master. Even if they tried to resist, it would be useless.
 Hence, many superpowers spent the new year on construction sites.
 It was special, but many of the supers thought it was okay.
 ……
 The central region was still fine, but the other sides were a little chaotic.
 - Eastern continent-
 Although many of the Xu family's people had died, they were still alive. On the Marquis dingguo's side, one of Xu Qing's younger brothers had taken over the Marquis's residence and led the dingguo Army to war with the eastern continent's overlords.
 In the East, apart from the Xu family, there were also the Marquis of the East's province of the East, the largest superpower organization in the East, the divine sun society, and the femming province, which was led by the Secretary of the inspection Division of the femming province, Yu Jie.

 After Li Hao's group killed many powerhouses of the Xu family, the eastern continent was now in a struggle for hegemony.
 After Li Hao's group left, war broke out in the originally wealthy Dongfang.
 In fact, Li Hao had also pushed for the outbreak of the war.
 Li Hao knew this, but he couldn't do anything about it. The Xu family had already fallen out with him, and he couldn't just ignore it.
 On this New Year's night, the eastern provinces were much more deathly silent.
 The Dingbian province, where the Xu family was located, had experts from all over the world gathered. The three major powers had already surrounded the province, and the 21 provinces in the East had all submitted to them. The Xu family's Foundation was still considered deep, but no top-tier expert had emerged yet.
 However, some top powerhouses appeared one after another from the three forces, putting the Xu family in an even more precarious situation.
 New Year's Eve.
 The Xu estate.
 After the deaths of Xu Qing and the others, the Xu residence was almost burned down by Li Hao. Now, the residence was rebuilt, but it looked a lot more dilapidated than before.
  The head of the Xu family was Xu Qing's younger brother, Xu Huan.
 This burly man, who was nearly 40 years old and had just entered his Prime, looked a little old at the moment. He had dark circles under his eyes and a serious expression.
 In the hall, other than Xu Qing, there were a few other powerhouses.
 Among them, the heaven and earth generals had also reached the divine power level. Sword of radiance had killed many of the eight generals, and Li Hao had also killed one. At this time, only the heaven and earth generals had chosen to guard the Army because they had besieged Li Hao, so they had escaped.
 Xu Huan rubbed his temples. The noise outside was not as lively as before.
 At this moment, Dingbian was dead silent.
 After a moment of silence, Xu Huan said,""There's news from the central continent that the nine divisions and the royal family are finished. Lin Hongyu has surrendered in the city of superpowers and eleven of the twelve families have been destroyed. There are only a few Lin family skills left. This vicious woman is truly vicious!"
 "The East is unstable now. Yu Chuo, the Marquis of East Pole, and the others have been threatening us in Li Hao's name ..."
 Xu Huan had been appointed to take charge of the Xu family.
 However, after taking control of the Xu family, the Xu family was already in imminent danger. Now, with the threat of three forces, the constant chaos made him extremely exhausted.
 After saying that, he looked at the crowd and said slowly,""The Xu family's relics haven't been explored too deeply. The Xu family's relics are not ordinary. Star suppression city is said to be the Holy Land of the ancient civilization ..."
 At this moment, general Tian could not help but ask,""Duke, it's said that the Silvermoon world is only a subsidiary world of the ancient civilization. Is there really a Holy Land here?"
 Xu Huan said slowly,"even if he isn 't, he's not a trivial matter. He dares to use this name. It's not something that other remains can compare to." As far as I know, there has been some turbulence in the remains recently. There's a faint strong aura coming from the depths of the remains. I want to take some people to explore deeper. Perhaps...This is the last chance for my Xu family!"
 The crowd looked at each other.
 Ruins could be dangerous at times.
 All these years, the Xu family only dared to move around in the periphery of the remains. Last time, Xu Qing wanted to invite Li Hao to go in with him, but Li Hao refused.
  However, Xu Huan could not care less about that now.  It was said that star suppression city was the Holy Land of the ancient civilization, and there were even a group of venerable sovereigns.
 Of course, no one knew what was going on in the Starfall city of the Silvermoon world. No one knew if it was the real Holy Land. Although they didn't think it was possible, it must be extraordinary to build such a city here.
 The Xu family owned such a powerful relic, but they were almost exterminated. Xu Huan was extremely unwilling to accept this.
 This time, he had made up his mind. No matter how dangerous it was, why would he care about such things at this juncture?
 Once they could reap a lot of benefits from the remains ... That would be the chance for the Xu family to make a comeback.
 Otherwise, they would all be finished!
 Xu Huan continued."I'm going to bring some strong cultivators from the dingguo Army in. If it works, the Xu family still has a chance. If it doesn't work ... We can't come out. The eastern continent will have a new master!"
 "Generals, do you want to enter with me, or ..." He looked at the crowd.
 "Naturally, we will advance and retreat together with Duke!"
 Everyone shivered and didn't say much. In fact, they also knew that there was no way out.
 Xu Huan smiled."Alright. While Li Hao is still busy with the central region, the three major organizations have entered the North. It's New Year's Day today. The surrounding forces won't attack quickly ... Let's enter the remains today!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 Everyone was shocked, but they still followed Xu Huan and prepared to enter the remains.
 Star suppression city was an ancient Holy Land.
 The crowd was also looking forward to it. Perhaps ... The Xu family really had a chance to turn things around.
  ……
 On this day, as the New Year's Eve arrived, there were no more large-scale battles in the four continents or the central region.
 In the ruins.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao looked at the huge human model in front of him and smiled.
 After a week of hard work, he finally had some results.
 At this moment, the model that was almost identical to Li Hao's was like an illusory starry sky. Stars flickered as if the body contained the universe.
 At this moment, there were many more people in the ruins.
 Everyone was observing.
 The female martial masters looked at the model and then at Li Hao. Li Hao was calm and smiled, pretending not to see their expressions.""Senior Division Chief, is this considered completed?"
 "Not really, but it's barely usable."

