fileno%d
left, director Wang suddenly smiled.
 "He's changed a lot since he came back. He actually asked me these questions ... Guardian, how do you think he is now?"
 "Let's take a look,"
 "Yes."
 Director Wang nodded and didn't say anything. The city Lord's mansion fell into silence again.
 ……
 In the military camp.
 Li Hao shouted,""Report!"
 "Come in!"
 "Yes!"
  Li Hao stepped on the ground and entered the door.
 As always, that division commander seemed to be busy all the time, reading documents again. It was unknown what official business heaven battling city, which had been destroyed for countless years, had to deal with.
 "As a soldier, the first thing you should do when you return is to report to the military camp, not run around. Do you understand?"
 "Understood!"
 Li Hao didn't argue.
 "You've improved?"
 "Yes!"
 "You seem to have activated some heaven-battling armor?"
 "Yes!"
 "You have to know, don't take in people randomly. The heaven battling Army is not a trash can, understand?"
 "Understood!"
 “……”
 The Huang Jin division commander glanced at him. This fellow had learned his lesson.
 At this moment, his tone also eased a little.""Do you need any help?"
 "Ah?"
  "Do you need your boss to repeat what you're saying?"  "I don't need to!"
 Li Hao shouted and said in a hurry,"commander, I need more heaven armor. Of course, I can trade for it. I have 2000 sets of space-piercing armor and 300 sets of black armor. I want to trade for some heaven armor!"
 He quickly took out the armor, and the division commander took a look at it. "Air-breaking armor ... The guards of star suppression city were sent by the military headquarters. The armor of the air-breaking force." This black armor ... It's the star Army's armor. It seems like you've gone to the star Town. "
 "I can change it," he said after a pause."It's just that the system settings are different. With a slight change, it'll be heaven-battling armor! "However, you're the Guild leader, so you can only activate 1000 sets of armor ..."
 Li Hao was depressed.
 "But I can give you a temporary privilege, just treat it as an enhanced team!"
 He didn't say much, it was just a small matter, and then he said,""Is there anything else?"
 "There are!"
 "Master," Li Hao said hurriedly,"my current silver armor has some restrictions on my superpowers. I'm no longer a Martial Master!"
 This was true.
 After thinking for a while, the teacher muttered,""When the heaven battling armor reaches gold-tier, it doesn't differentiate between energy or vitality. It's a personal armor, but your level is not high enough."
 Li Hao was somewhat depressed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "But you are a descendant of the eight great families ... How about this, I can temporarily lend you a golden armor, but I have a request ..."
 "Please speak, division commander!"
  "The star Army's armor can actually be activated ... This means that the star Army's system still exists ... Investigate clearly why the energy supply to the eight main cities was cut off back then?"
 "If the energy supply of the Heavenly Star Town hadn't been cut off, the eight cities wouldn't have been destroyed so quickly. The 100000 defenders would not have disappeared without a trace. There was no news at all. These things might have been completely wiped out, and maybe ... We can still find out!" The division commander said coldly.
 Li Hao's heart moved.
 "Alright, go to the military supplies Department to get it!"
 Li Hao hurriedly left without any hesitation. It was too nerve-wracking to talk to this person.
 Seeing how fast he was running, the division commander shook his head helplessly.
 He had wanted to say a few more words, but this guy ran away faster than anyone else.
 I won't hit you!
 Compared to last time, he found Li Hao much more pleasing to the eye.
 After thinking for a while, he took out Li Hao's list, which had a lot of comments. After some consideration, he added,""Medium growth rate. Continue to observe and see what happens in the future."

 Li Hao heaved a sigh of relief after escaping from the division commander's office.
 The pressure was huge!
 It was the same even in the divine-tier, so when the other party said they could leave, Li Hao Ran away at once.
 Director Wang was still the best!
 He answered all her questions, even though he was not too willing to tell her.
 ……
 Military supplies Department.
 The silver Quartermaster was lying on the ground like a corpse again. It was only when Li Hao entered that he seemed to come to life.
 This person could be considered an old acquaintance. He was the Deputy Director of the military supplies Department, Zhang Liang. It was said that the old director was finished in the past. Unfortunately, the entire city was finished, and he didn't have the time to be promoted.
 "Regiment commander li!"
  "Director Zhang!"
 "Vice Director!"
 "Deputy Director Zhang!"
 Li Hao readily accepted his advice with a brilliant smile. Zhang Liang wanted to be promoted, but he insisted on being called Vice Director. How pitiful. Unfortunately, this city was still in a state of silence. It was impossible for him to be promoted.
 "The division commander just sent a message. He said that you seized some good things outside?"
 Li Hao nodded and took out the armor.
 Zhang Liang looked at it for a while and said casually,""The sky piercing armor and the star armor are just basic armors. I thought they were some good stuff."
 These things were equivalent to standard weapons and were indeed not good things.
 To heaven battling city, 2300 was not even worth mentioning.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Can I change to the heaven battling armor?" Li Hao was very happy.
 "Of course."
 With a wave of his hand, Zhang Liang collected all the items. His voice wavered, "They're all of the same standard. In fact, the structure is similar, but the color and system installation of each major military service are slightly different. When it's really needed, it can be formatted for a unified configuration, which will make it easier for the various armies to work together!"
 "You want to change to the heaven-battling armor?"
 "Yes,"
 "An Equal Exchange."
 Zhang Liang said. Seeing that Zhang Liang was about to go get something, Li Hao hurriedly said,""Director Zhang ..."
 "Vice Director!"
 "Alright, Deputy Director Zhang."
 Li Hao hurriedly changed his words."I have something to ask. I'm the general of Zhan Tian. Can I directly activate these pieces of equipment?"
 "You can 't."
 Zhang Liang shook his head."The military type is different. They don't belong to the same Army. You can't command a different military type!" Of course, this also depended on the rank. You were only the regiment commander and had no right to command the soldiers of other military regions! However, if you are a Legion Commander, such as the heaven battling Legion's Legion Commander ... At that level, you can naturally cross legions and make adjustments and transfer troops. The star Army and the Air Force are only small military regions, while the heaven battling Legion is a large Military Region. Their commanders also need to listen to the heaven battling Legion's orders. "
 Good fellow!  Li Hao did some calculations. He would be a division commander next, and above him would be the commander of the reserve guards. Above that would be the regimental commander ... It didn't seem like the difference was that big?
 It was only level three!
 But ... What about the subsidiary profession?
 Including his subsidiary profession, that was level six.
 Was it that simple?
 Of course not.
 Li Hao needed 10000 military merits to be promoted to a division commander, 100000 military merits for a Corps Commander, and more than 1 million military merits for a Legion Commander ... In fact, at that stage, it was impossible to just have one military Merit.
 Killing a rising light gave 10 military merits, so killing a god art should give 100 military merits, right?
 Li Hao did some calculations. Well, perhaps he would be able to upgrade to army commander with 10000 less techniques!
 He was still thinking that since he was the regiment commander, he might be able to cut into the system of the star Army. That way, he would be able to smoothly enter the system of the royal family's Black armor Army.
 Seeing that this wouldn't work, Li Hao could only ask more directly,""Deputy Director Zhang, recently, there's a group of people wearing the star Army's armor who want to deal with me. Do I have any way to deal with them? Even if they activate their armor, they're just soldiers. They should have done something to me, the commander of a large Military Region. "
 "Just tell me, what do you want?"
 Zhang Liang didn't buy it. He said directly,"I already said that we're not from the same Military Region. If we're from the same Military Region, we'll naturally have countermeasures. If we're not from the same Military Region, everyone's management methods will be different. How can you counter others?"
 "Then ... There's no other way?"
 "There are also some!"
 Zhang Liang's voice fluctuated."I've said it before. You're the Army commander, so you can use your armor to restrict the other party. Other than this, there's another way ..."
 "What?"
 Li Hao's spirits were lifted. He wanted to restrict the royal family's Black armored Army because of his identity as their Regiment commander. However, the other party might also have the same, but they might not have old antique Alive like he did.
 Of course ... Such a possibility could not be ruled out.
 "Our Military Region is one rank higher than the other side. The military Order or transfer order from the regimental commander you invited can also be useful!"
 “……”
  Just pretend I didn't say anything.
 "Why? is it that difficult?" It was not difficult! As long as you have evidence to prove that the star Army has rebelled or attacked the human race, violating military discipline ... You can ask the commander for a Military Order! The regimental commander is no longer here, but that doesn't mean that the military Order will no longer be issued. If you want to trigger an emergency treaty, you can still trigger the military Order. "
 Li Hao was slightly stunned. This works?
 "The evidence you're talking about is ..."
 "You can activate the recording function in the armor. For example, if the other party kills people randomly or violates military discipline, you can record it. The next time you come to heaven battling city, you can submit it as evidence. As long as the facts are confirmed, it will be reviewed by the inspection guards. In the end, according to the rebel regulations, a temporary emergency treaty will be triggered, and they will be punished reasonably!"
 "This works too?"
 "Why can't I?"
 Zhang Liang was speechless. Wasn't this reasonable?
 Was there a need to be polite in the presence of a rebel army?
 Of course, no one dared to rebel in the past.

 That was why it was an emergency and temporary treaty, and not an irregular military discipline, because it was completely useless.
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat."Then," he said,"if the other party also has a commander or even a division commander, can they punish me?"
 "You can 't!"
 "The star Army is only a small Military Region," Zhang Liang said calmly."The highest-ranking officer is only their Star Commander, who is on the same level as the commander of the reserve guards of the heaven battling Army. They don't have the right and authority to impose sanctions on us. They can only report to the main Military Region to carry out a military trial ..."
 Good!
 Li Hao was overjoyed. This works?
 He had never thought about this before. He didn't expect it to have such an effect.
 After Zhang Liang finished speaking, he continued,"don't think about punishing anyone. It doesn't make much sense. First, tell me what style of general armor you want." "In the past, it was built independently, and you would only build it according to the requirements when you make a request. Now, there are no such conditions. I can only give you a set of conventional combat readiness armor, which is the general's armor that is used daily as a backup."
 "Is there any difference?"
 "Aren't they all golden?"Li Hao asked curiously.
  “……”
 Zhang Liang was speechless. After a long while, he said,"of course there are differences. The general armor is a personal combat armor, and it's equipped with experts. Everyone's combat habits are different ... Of course, there's no way to customize it now. Let me talk about the differences between the general armor that we have now."
 "There are three types of regular clothes currently available. The first type is suitable for normal martial artists. It has a spiritual defense system and also a physical defense system ... But it's more conventional and suitable for normal martial artists."
 "The second type is suitable for powerhouses in the path of spirit. They have strong spirit power and don't need spirit-level defense, so they mainly focus on physical defense. It's extremely strong defense, but it's not very resistant to spirit power."
 "The third type is suitable for physical body Dao experts. This type of general armor does not have much physical defense, but the core is the helmet, which can effectively block most mental power attacks."
 "The regular ones, just these three."
 Zhang Liang explained,"this is also the three mainstream cultivation methods in our era. The emphasis is different. So under normal circumstances, if there are no special requirements, you can choose one of the three."
 Li Hao understood!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After some thought, he realized that there weren't many people who specialized in spiritual power at this stage. There weren't many who were particularly strong in divine intent and force, and even if there were, they were martial masters.
 However ... That might not be the case. For example, someone like Ying Hongyue.
 Thinking of this, he thought for a while and said,""The normal kind, I guess. Is its defense strong?"
 "Of course! To you, its defensive power is very strong, only ... It still depends on the individual's strength. If you're strong, then you can stimulate a stronger defensive power. Otherwise ... Don't expect the armor itself to have an invincible defensive power, that's not realistic. "
 "Understood!"
 ……  Zhang Liang didn't say much. After a while, he walked out of the military warehouse.
 He threw a storage ring to Li Hao." 2300 sets of heaven-battling armors are all in there."
 "This is the general's armor ..."
 He then took out a set of golden armor, as if he was a little envious."This is something that only general-ranked officers can equip ... In the past ... The director of the military supplies Department could equip it ..."
 If I'm promoted, I can have it too.
 Li Hao immediately understood. He said in a low voice,""Since the military supplies Department has it, the situation now is special ..."
 "You want me to be beheaded?"
 Zhang Liang raised his head and looked at Li Hao. This guy isn't a good person. He actually encouraged me to do bad things!
 Li Hao was embarrassed."Oh, right. Deputy Zhang," he said in a low voice,"I have 2300 sets of armor. Can't I have two silver armors and 23 copper armors?"
 "No... The silver-armored soldier has to be at the level of a teacher to be nominated for approval. The copper-armored soldier also has to be approved by the inspector guard ... You can nominate him, but if you go out now, you'll lose contact with him and won't be able to be approved ... Unless you bring him in."
 Alright, Li Hao was a little regretful.
 The next moment, he stopped thinking about it and looked at the Golden armor. This time, he didn't need Zhang Liang to say anything. He dripped a drop of blood on it and the Golden armor disappeared in an instant.
 The next second, a golden armor appeared on Li Hao's body!
  A lot of information flashed through his mind, all of which were the basic functions of the Golden flame. In addition to the previous functions of the Silver Flame, the Golden flame had many more functions.
 For example, Jin Lu's transmission range had actually expanded to three thousand miles, which was very impressive. One thousand miles was usually within a province, but three thousand miles was a core circle with a radius of three thousand miles. In fact, the radiation range was extremely large.
 It was not an exaggeration to say that Li Hao could now contact any heaven-battling Army member within Silver moon's range.
 The northernmost Silver City was only about 2000 miles away from Whitemoon city.
 The expansion of the communication range was only one of the reasons.
 There was a slight difference between the gold armor and the silver armor. The gold armor could change and shrink at will. For example, the silver armor could only be a silver armor, but the gold armor could change into anything, including a weapon.
 Li Hao was having a lot of fun. He turned into a spatula, a knife, and ordinary clothes. They were all very lifelike and didn't seem out of place.
 This way, the next time he wore armor, he didn't need to wear a windbreaker to cover it. He could just directly become a windbreaker.
 "This is amazing!"
 Zhang Liang seemed to be very envious,"of course!" The general's armor isn't something that can be forged by ordinary people. It's forged by some top-notch master blacksmiths. Of course, this isn't a big deal. The experts at the rank of army commander are no longer armors, but unique divine weapons that are personally forged by venerable sovereigns. If you have a stronger relationship, you can even invite a God-forging venerable to forge it. "

 "God-casting Emperor?"
 "Yes, he's an omnipotent expert. He's famous for his forging skills. Except for people in star suppression city, anyone can go to him ... Provided that he has a connection with the city."
 "Why except for the people in Star Town City?"
 "Because there's a grudge."
 "A grudge?"
 "You won't understand even if I tell you!"
 Zhang Liang didn't want to say more. It was a dispute between the top big shots, so there was nothing to say about this.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Besides, it had been so long. Who knew what the situation was now? maybe ... It was all gone.
 He didn't want to think about these things. Thinking about these things would only make people despair. They also believed that it wouldn't be so. Such a group of powerful beings couldn't have disappeared completely. Maybe they were lost, maybe it was fun outside and they had gone crazy, or maybe they were in the depths of the universe and time passed differently ...
 In any case, no one in the heaven-battling Army believed that those people would be defeated.
  The omnipotent venerable sovereigns!
 This was especially so when they were led by the human King and martial King to battle. When that group of people were together, no one could stop them. No one!
 Li Hao was speechless. If you don't tell me, then you might as well not tell me.
 Of course, he was in a good mood after obtaining the Golden flame, so he didn't want to argue with this person.
 "Oh, right. Deputy Director Zhang," Li Hao said,"I also obtained some other treasures outside. Can I exchange them for something here?"
 "I don't accept trash!"
 "This Is the Army, not the outside world!" Zhang Liang replied without hesitation. "Unless you're settling some military missions, you can exchange for them at the same time. The armor from before is involved with the military, so you can exchange for it ..."
 "But if you think those things are useless, the military usually doesn't exchange them. If you find a martial arts university that still has basic functions, you might be able to exchange them," he added.
 "The University of Martial Arts also acted as a waste recycling station back then!"
 "Some students are not strong enough and can only earn some money by collecting junk to exchange for some resources ..."
 “……”
 Li Hao was almost killed by the lightning. I killed so many people, but what I got was trash?
 You must be joking!
 "However, this person did point me in the right direction. I can go to a martial arts university to exchange for it.
 ,m He thought of the message that the inspector had passed on to him. After some thought, he said,""Martial Sciences universities ... Are there any martial Sciences universities on the sky Star Island?"  "There should be. I don't remember. It's normal to have one. It's everywhere. It also depends on the size and specifications of the University. "Back then, martial science universities could be found everywhere, but there weren't many top-notch ones. I don't think there are any top-notch martial science universities on the stellarsky Island. If there were, I would definitely remember."
 Alright, Li Hao was a little disappointed.
  As expected, if the Liu family was willing to give it up, it was definitely not a good place.  He chatted with Zhang Liang for a while longer, but Zhang Liang ignored him after he finished exchanging his items. Li Hao didn't have any military merits, so he didn't want to talk to him anymore. After that, he simply lay on the table and didn't say anything.
 Li Hao cursed in his heart!
 When I become a real general, it will probably be difficult for me to become a division commander. The 9th Division commander is still alive.
 I want to become the director of the military supplies Department and be your superior!
 Just as the light sword had said, you can ignore it today, but you won't be able to reach it tomorrow!
 While cursing in his heart, Li Hao still walked out of the military supplies Department.
 As soon as he came out, a golden flame appeared, making him look particularly domineering.
 Some of the red-armored soldiers from the inspector guards and other heaven-battling Army soldiers stopped and saluted when they saw this, which made Li Hao feel great.
 Cool!
 It's not bad to have a golden armor.
 Li Hao didn't go to the division commander's side to make things difficult for him. He left the camp and went straight to the city gate.
 ……
 "Congratulations!"
 At the city gate, the three Regiment commanders congratulated him one after another. The seventh Regiment commander also congratulated him,""Even though it's only a reinforced group, it's still very rare! It's just that ... There are too few people!"
 "Regiment commander li, there's a new member in your Regiment!"
 In fact, there were only three people in Li Hao's twelfth Regiment. No one else had been reported. There were only three on the official list. It was a very miserable situation.
  Li Hao also laughed."Next time, if there's a chance, I'll come back with my soldiers. I've gathered about 3000 heaven-battling armors now. I've made an enhanced team of 3000 people!"
 "The quality must also keep up!"
 "Of course!"
 After chatting with them for a while, Li Hao looked at the seventh commander.""Regiment commander Jiang, I accidentally obtained the 'break' formula from the outside world. Director Wang asked me to consult you ..."
 "Break character formula ..."
 Jiang shixun seemed to be thinking about something, and after a while, he said,""This needs to be combined with the Dao of essence to be useful. In fact, it used to be powerful because it borrowed the power of the great DAOs of those top experts. It's probably not that powerful now. "
 After saying a few simple words, he added,"it's not difficult if you want to learn. The difficult part is how powerful it is. This era might not support the Dao of origin anymore. However, it can be adapted ..."
 He glanced at Li Hao and said,"aren't you powerful?" I see that you seem to have mastered some sword force. You use sword force to nurture the "break" character formula. Whether it's the "break" character formula or the "attack" character formula, they are both focused on killing and attacking, which is compatible with sword force! "You can create and improve it yourself. The old combat techniques of our era can't keep up with the times now, so there's no need to learn them step by step. In our era, even if the techniques were created by the human King, they might be eliminated very quickly and improved. This is normal."
 He felt that Li Hao wasn't creative enough.
 There was no rule that one had to learn according to ancient books. Ancient books didn't make one powerful. In the new martial era, no one would keep learning old techniques. Instead, they would keep transforming and creating new techniques.

 Li Hao's heart moved, nurtured by force?
 "Yeah!"
 "Try them all," the seventh leader said matter-of-factly."If this one doesn't work, you can use your superpower lock to nourish it. If it doesn't work, use your vitality, your flesh, your psyche ... Try them all and see which one has the best effect." "We'll try everything. At worst, we'll just die from body explosion. Every year, in order to create neo martial arts, there are many experts who die from body explosion ... It's not a big problem to prepare more life essence. Don't be afraid. If it's wrong, then it's wrong. Just try it. Once it's successful, a neo martial art will be promoted and you'll gain both fame and fortune. It's not bad!"
 He then continued,"back then, Nanjiang's senior Governor started to create all kinds of martial arts when he was young. He killed gods, Immortals, emperors, and emperors ... What a shameful name. "But in the later stages, didn't it spread? it's fine if you're weak, as long as you dare to do it!"
 These words made people ridicule him.
 Even the other two Regiment commanders, who had been silent, opened their mouths at this moment. The ninth Regiment commander said coldly,""After that, that Lord was ridiculed by many people ... I don't recommend using some ... Shameful terms!"
 The seventh leader didn't think much of it. "That's because you're not strong enough. Look at the martial arts inherited by the human King ... Do you dare to mock him?"
 “……”
 Silence.
 "Human Kings also have martial arts inheritances?" Li Hao asked curiously.
  "Of course, which of these experts doesn't have martial arts inheritances?"
 The seventh leader was silent for a moment before he said,""But I also suggest ... I suggest that you don't take the names of martial arts seriously! Just look at the core ... The one you've obtained is still considered normal, but some of the martial arts ... Names ... Are too embarrassing!"
 "What is the human King's inheritance?"
 "I'm not telling you!"
 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless. You're not telling me again!
 Of course, in order to satisfy Li Hao's curiosity, he thought for a moment and said,""I can't say much about the ultimate techniques of the human King and the others, but I can say one of the demon race's ... It might be related to your dog ..."
 He looked at the Black Panther and suddenly seemed to be smiling: "The eight directions gluttony, what do you think of this name?"
 "What's this?"
 "Hahaha, you also think it's stupid, don't you?"
 "But I have to tell you, this divine skill, in the entire history of the demon race, counting from the beginning of the world, can be ranked in the top three!" The seventh leader laughed.
 At the side, Black Panther blinked his dog eyes.
 It seemed like ... It had some memories, but they were very weak. It should be related to devouring. He only seemed to have some memories, but he did not have any specific cultivation methods.
 Eat everywhere?
 What a good name!
 Li Hao gasped."One of the top three in the entire history of demons?" he thought.
 "Of course!"
 "What do you think?" the seventh leader laughed. Some combat techniques are more powerful than you can imagine, but their names ... Are just average. They sound like cheap goods, but in reality, they are really powerful!"
 Li Hao was speechless.  This was gossip. Even these soldiers seemed to like gossip.
 But he understood what Jiang shixun meant.
 Li Hao nodded."The seventh commander is right. Self-experimentation, creation ... It seems that everyone in our era lacks this spirit. Only my master likes to research."
 Now, he could somewhat empathize with how others felt. Creation was a boring, uncomfortable, and extremely difficult thing.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Be it a Martial Master or a superhuman, they all liked to follow the prescribed order. It was best if they had ready-made martial arts to use.
 This era lacked creativity.
 No one liked doing this!
 Or rather, the lack of awareness in this aspect might be related to the environment or the lack of education.
 Only a few people around Li Hao had such thoughts. His teacher was one of the few.
 Just look at Ying Hongyue and the others. They only knew how to snatch the breathing technique of five birds and didn't create it themselves.
 Jiang shixun didn't give him any specific cultivation guidance, but he gave him a direction.
 The more Li Hao interacted with these people, the more he felt that the new martial arts era was really good. Even a Regiment commander would tell you to improve and create on your own. Don't ask everything. You're not a child.
 They would tell you that times were different, that the human body was different, and that the focus of martial arts was different. You shouldn't follow the old rules.
 Even if this battle technique was created by the so-called battle King, an invincible expert.
 In Jiang shixun's words, it was the kind that could be overturned at will, breaking the rules and breaking the secular world.
 That was what Li Hao had realized.
 Break the shackles!
 "Don't think that this technique is very strong. There's no strongest technique, only the most suitable one. Even if it's created by our ancestors, that won't do. I firmly believe that I will create a combat technique stronger than our ancestors '!
  "Break the God in my heart...I am a God myself!"
 Such a thought emerged in Li Hao's mind.
 He suddenly felt that he had gained a lot this time. It was not in the conventional sense, but a deep explanation of his cultivation path.
 ……
 After bidding farewell to the three Regiment commanders, Li Hao led the Black Panther forward.
 He was going out.
 He walked to the tree hole and saw the altar. He thought for a moment, walked over, and said,""Director Wang said that senior needs too much energy, and I don't have much use for it now ... But thank you for your support last time, for giving me a drop of the spring of life ..."
 As he spoke, Li Hao took out many divine power stones and stuffed them all in. A large number of divine power stones were swallowed.
 Ten thousand, twenty thousand ...
 He had stuffed close to 500000 of them into the altar, but the altar had no reaction.

 Li Hao didn't know whether to laugh or cry!
 "Last time, I stuffed a little bit into his mouth and gave him a drop of the spring of life. It was really fishing ..."
 If he had been greedy last time and continued to stuff it, even if he had stuffed everything on his body, there would probably be no reaction. This tree was deliberately fishing him last time.
 Li Hao, who didn't know whether to laugh or cry, stuffed some more into his mouth.
 When he only had about 6 million crystals left, Li Hao said,""I still don't have the ability to support senior's recovery. Try it. After I take over the royal family and the big mine in Heavenly Star Town ... This won't be a problem! I'm also looking forward to the day when heaven battling city is completely restored ..."
 With that, he turned around and left.
 In the darkness, some branches swayed slightly, as if they were very pleased.
 ……
 In the city Lord's mansion.
 Director Wang looked out of the city and smiled,""It seems that the harvest is not bad. General Huai has had a good meal. Although the effect is not great, it is still thoughtful."
  He didn't ask Li Hao to stay behind entirely. There was no need for that. Li Hao was still weak, and perhaps resurrecting the small tree would be of greater help to him.
 General Huai was a bottomless pit. No matter how many he had, it would never be enough.
 "Lord Protector, the Imperial Palace has been abandoned. Can we still trust the monster plants there?"
 The old turtle's voice slowly came."Whether it's worth it or not ... It won't do anything to Li Hao right now. Li Hao has given him enough benefits. Why not rely on Li Hao to continue recovering and becoming stronger?" There's no benefit in killing Li Hao ... Compared to demon beasts, demon plants are more reliable. "
 "My Lord ... You've forgotten yourself ..."
 "I'm only a divine weapon!"
 Alright!
 Director Wang laughed.
 He turned his head and looked in the direction of the military camp. There, he seemed to see another golden armor.
 "Ninth master, you seem to be looking forward to it."
 He spoke again. They were not disappointed by Li Hao's conversion of divine power. Instead, they were looking forward to it. It was an obvious growth, and neither of them found it a problem.
 Moreover, Li Hao seemed to have gained some of his own thoughts after entering the city this time. Only such a person was worthy of inheriting some of the inheritances of the new martial era.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com People would die, but their thoughts would not.
 No matter how strong an expert was, if he did not have his own thoughts, he would only be a weapon of war and not an expert.
 The old turtle didn't say anything, but the giant turtle Tower turned its direction as if it was looking in that direction. After a long while, it said,""You have to work harder. If it wasn't for the unforeseen event that year, this person would have been promoted to a commander long ago. Although his physical body is decaying, his spirit is getting stronger and stronger! "As expected of someone from mcmau."
 Director Wang did not think much of it,"what's wrong with mcmau?" In the past, ccmau was the number one!"
 “……”
 The old turtle was too lazy to say anything. You're still arguing about this at a time like this?
 Seeing that the old turtle was silent, he asked again,"Lord Protector, you don't approve?"
 "It has nothing to do with me,"
 "If old tortoise doesn't get involved, mcmau will have a human King, ccmau will have a venerable sovereign, and nmau still claims to be first. As the soul of a divine armament, why should I get involved in this?
 Not to mention, this was heaven battling city.
 "Be it mcmau or ccmau, they're not number one.
 The regimental commander was from nmau!
 It's just that the few of you aren't here. Otherwise, if you dare to say that, I'll break your legs.
 There is no King in the Mountain, and the monkey is the Overlord. You only dare to say it now.
  ……  Li Hao had already left heaven battling city.
 The wall of the ruins flickered slightly.
 There were night patrols guarding this place, but they didn't notice anything. Li Hao was the captain, so he didn't make much noise when he entered. He didn't want anyone to know that he was here. He left the relic and quickly disappeared.
 ……
 In less than an hour, Li Hao appeared in the cave where little tree was.
 "You're here!"
 The small tree trembled slightly and swayed its body.""I've converted all the energy stones and divine weapons that you've asked someone to bring over into the spring of life. There are a total of 120 drops ... Did you get them?"
 As he spoke, he was actually a little nervous.
 Why is it here again?
 Too little?
 So ... He's here to pick a fight?
 But I still have to embezzle ... Cough, cough, collect some processing fees to support myself, right?
 A reasonable handling fee!
 It couldn't be that he felt that he had suffered a loss, so he wanted more, right?
 At this moment, little tree was a little apprehensive. It hadn't been like this before, but now it was like this because it knew that Li Hao was a big customer. The last time, he had provided it with so much, but it thought that it would be gone in a few years.
 Good Lord, within a few days, he had sent over ten times the amount of divine energy stones!
 For such a big customer, should he give more?
 "I haven't gotten it yet, but it doesn't matter."
 Li Hao smiled."I'm here to ask you. How many divine energy stones do you need if you want to fully recover?"
 "Completely recovered?"
 "Yes, it's to recover senior's peak power, true God Power ..."
 "What?"
 The little tree swayed a little and said after a moment,""A lot of them!"
 "A million?"
 "It's not enough,"
  "Ten million?"
 "...Almost ... Almost ..."
 "Don't worry," the sapling said."You can gather them slowly. I'll pay you back when I recover ..."
 "I'm fine!"Li Hao smiled.
 "This time, I came to ask senior a question. If the Dao of origin no longer exists outside, can senior go out?"
 Little tree hesitated for a moment."There's nothing else?"
 "There shouldn't be any left!"
 "Then ... Unless I limit my strength, otherwise ... If I go out at my peak strength, it will easily collapse!"
 As expected!
 "If the energy is restored again, it will be enough to accommodate a strong person like senior. Does that mean that you can walk freely?"

 "If there is enough energy, it is possible. Even if the essence Dao is no longer around, the power is one's own. The heaven and earth can withstand it and will not easily shatter the void ... Naturally, one can survive!"
 As expected!
 Li Hao now understood why everyone was waiting for the second superpower recovery. It was to call for some strong people who had recovered.
 At the current stage, it was not possible.
 "Senior, I have a small request. I wonder if senior can agree to it?"
 "Go ahead,"
 "I want senior to help me nurture a batch of food ... A lot of them. It is said that after eating one, you can go without hunger for three days, and your whole body will be full of energy ..."
 Li Hao calculated for a moment and said,"at least 100 million people will have to eat it for a year. One person will eat one a day, which means 365 a year. 30 billion or so will be enough. It's not much ..."
 "I'm powerless!"
 "No!" The sapling refused directly."That would require a large amount of energy and life force. At the current stage, I can't sustain such consumption."
  " 100000 divine energy stones?"
 "Not enough!"
 "Two hundred thousand?"
 "Far from enough!"
 " 500 thousand?"
 "This ... This ... I can barely ..."
 Little tree was a little embarrassed. 500000 ... Well, that was enough!
 Li Hao laughed."So, one billion people will only eat five million pills a year?" he asked.
 These words!
 Little tree was speechless. 'Very few?'
 That's a lot!
 How many do you have?
 I heard that you killed a lot of people and powerhouses outside to get the one million. Do you think it's a small number?
 Li Hao sighed, no wonder neo martial isn't hungry!
 One monster plant could easily grow enough food for one hundred million people to eat for a year by consuming 500000 divine power stones!
 Of course, little tree might have embezzled some!
 However, for many people, it was not worth it to exchange 500000 divine power stones for food for 100 million people a year. It was a huge loss. They would rather starve the 100 million people to death since the dynasty did not lack people.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao didn't say much."Senior, I'll give you five million divine power stones for you to help me grow a batch of food. Of course, it'll be enough for one hundred million people to eat for a year. I'll exchange the rest for the spring of life."
 "So many?"
 The small tree was shocked!
 It was simply unbelievable!
 This ... Who did you Rob?
 "There are also more than 50 origin God weapons, including some earth-grade ones. They're all pretty good ... Senior, please help me exchange them for the spring of life."
 The small tree was already dumbfounded.
 After a long time, he slowly said,"you ... Dug up someone's Palace?"
 "No, I got it from killing someone."
 “……”
 She was speechless.
 "You want so much spring water of life ... I need some time to create the spring water of life. Of course, it's not too troublesome, but ... Do you need so much?"
 This way, he could at least exchange for 500 drops.
 As for the little tree, it was already trembling a little. With so much money, he would deduct 70%... Cough, cough, if he took some Commission, he would be able to recover 50 - 60% of his strength, even if he didn't recover to his peak!
 He had to do this business!
 Not only did it have to do it, but it also had to capture a big customer. It quickly transmitted its spirit."I don't suggest you exchange so much spring water of life. It might not help you that much ..."
 "No, I'll change to this!"
 "I want the spring of life!" Li Hao said solemnly.
 He was ready to sell some.
  Secretly selling!  They're selling it for 100000 Yuan, but I'm selling it for 50000 Yuan, okay?
 Sell it and Exchange it for the divine power stones. I'll come and Exchange it with you again, sell it again, and Exchange it again ...
 Perhaps I can gather enough to revive general Huai ...
 Of course, the premise was that these forces could take out so many divine energy stones at the current stage.
 This deal was worth it.
 Li Hao had come here to do business.
 What did little tree know!
 You charge 10000 Yuan, but others charge 100000 Yuan.
 Little tree didn't mind. Since Li Hao insisted, he didn't say anything. He said excitedly,""That's fine, but I'll need some time. I need time to absorb and convert them. Three days ... Is three days okay?"
 "Of course, no problem!"
 Li Hao smiled and threw out storage rings. Little tree was also very excited.
 "Come and get it three days later. I ... I will give you another ... No, two origin talismans ..."
 "There's no need for that. My current enemies are very strong. The origin talisman is useless. "
 Li Hao revealed his aura slightly, but the sapling had already known about it. He quickly said,""I know, but ... You have to know that my strength will be different in three days!"
 Do you understand?
 Li Hao's heart moved. That's true!
 "Thank you, senior!" He smiled.
 "You're welcome, you're welcome!"
 "Yes!" Little tree hurriedly responded, swaying his body in excitement.
 A big client!
 Don't stand on ceremony, it's only right to give me some gifts. Come and find me again next time.
 Give me two more and I'll be able to completely recover. I won't have to be in a constant state of hunger like I am now.
 Li Hao was in a good mood, too. 500 drops of spring of life, food for 100 million people ...
 "Right, how long will it take for the food?"
 "It depends on the quality of the seeds you give me. If it's a high-grade one, one month will do. If it's a low-grade one, it needs to be improved, and it will take at least three months ..."
 Alright!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Seeds ... Li Hao had almost forgotten about them. He had thought that the small tree could produce seeds by itself. He had been overthinking.
 "Then I'll come back in three days to bring you the seeds."
 "Alright!"
 Li Hao was in a good mood and wanted to leave, but he turned around and said,""Senior, general Huai needs 100 million to barely recover ... Is this person much stronger than you?"
 Little tree knew that Li Hao had been to heaven battling city.
 It didn't hide anything and sent out a mental message,""That's natural! The Guardian monster plants of the eight major cities were all top-notch existences! Compared to them, I'm just an incomparably weak wild monster plant. I can't be compared. "
 Li Hao was shocked. Was the difference so great?
 The more he compared his divine power, the weaker he felt!
 No, he had to work harder!
  He didn't waste any more time. He left everything behind and left.
 As soon as he left, the little tree started to shake. It could not wait to absorb the divine power stones. It was so excited that it could not be any more excited.
 "It's hard to imagine ... A random person I met actually ... Actually managed to gather so many energy stones in such a short time. This person is too terrifying ..."
 While the sapling was excited, it also felt a great sense of danger!
 It seemed that heaven battling city was trying to take away his big client!
 What should he do?
 Should he give her some other benefits?
 But ... I'm all alone, and I don't have any other benefits to give!
 Little tree's mind wandered for a moment. How could he keep this big customer?
 Could it be that ... I really have to sell my body?

 After leaving the palace, Li Hao smiled.
 This tree seemed to be a little tender.
 Although it seemed to have inherited the old tree's memories, it wasn't as black-hearted as the old antique. From its tone, Li Hao could tell that it had embezzled a lot of money, but in Li Hao's eyes, it was nothing.
 The royal family selling a drop at 100000 divine energy stones might be a little too much, but if other people wanted to obtain it, even if they traded with the monster plant, Li Hao would not believe that the monster plant would not offer 30000 to 50000 divine energy stones for a drop.
 Of course, it was possible that the monster plants they were trading were stronger and needed to be revived.
 For example, if Li Hao were to trade with general Huai, let alone 100000 Yuan for a drop, even if it was 1 million Yuan, general Huai might still feel that it was a loss. It had not recovered yet, and every drop was a stock.
 It was the same for powerful monster plants.
 On the other hand, the little tree was not an ancient Fey plant in the true sense of the word. Instead, it needed much less energy to revive. Therefore, it did not offer Li Hao a high price.
 The little tree felt that it had earned a lot by 70%, but the other monster plants felt that earning seven times was too little and not enough for their own recovery.
 Li Hao calculated his gains this time.
  Was it worth it to exchange the divine energy stone for the spring of life?
 It was worth it!
 The divine power stones were not of much use to him anymore. He kept one million of them for the small sword to absorb and convert into sword energy. It would be enough for him to use for a long time.
 Next, to unseal the small sword, he would need an even higher grade treasure.
 For example, high-grade divine power stones with higher energy density, powerful divine weapons, and so on.
 It was the wisest choice to exchange all the junk in his hands for treasures that he could use.
 ……
 After spending another hour, Li Hao landed outside white moon City.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It seemed like it was only yesterday when he first came to white moon City.
 At that time, she had left her hometown and was a little timid.
 But now that he was back, he suddenly felt that white moon City was so close that it was his home to the outside world. Although Li Hao felt that Silver City was his only home, Silver Moon was his home in the central region.
 When he landed, the Golden armor turned into a windbreaker.
 The cold wind was blowing.
 When he first met Liu Long, he was wearing a windbreaker, but it was still hot summer at that time. In the blink of an eye, almost half a year had passed.
 It had only been less than half a year.
 Things remained the same, but people had changed.
 The trip to the East and the central continent had brought Li Hao too many feelings.
 The White moon City was still bustling.
 Although it was cold and bitter, Silver moon's side did not seem to be in such a bad mood. As he walked through the streets, he could hear the sound of complaints. In the past, Li Hao's first thought when he heard these sounds was that Silver moon's officials had all eaten sh * t!
 How could he manage Silver Moon in such a trashy manner?
  However, looking at them now, although they weren't dressed in bright clothes, at least they had something to wear. They had thick clothes on and at least there was some color on their faces. This meant that they had eaten well and were full.  Compared to the glamor of the central region, it was not as good.
 However, the glamor of the central region was hidden in the darkness. It would be abnormal if there were no beggars in the central region, but it was normal for Silver Moon to see beggars.
 The inspection Office was still patrolling the streets, and the people didn't have any special reactions. Wasn't it normal for the inspection Office to conduct inspections?
 Whether it was Silver City or Silver Moon, the inspector's office patrolled the area as per normal.
 Li Hao had been involved in catching thieves and dealing with ordinary cases, but he had never felt anything about it. Now that he had gained more insight, Kong Jie was actually doing a good job.
 He was not in a hurry to go to the night patrolman, nor did he go to the Wei Wu Army's station. After thinking for a moment, he walked towards the station.
 When Huang Yu came to help him, he did not have much interaction with him.
 This was the first reason. The second reason was that his Senior Sister and senior brother-in-law were stationed in the Army.
 Li Hao was thinking. Hu dingfang had an extraordinary relationship with the Bai family, and the Bai family had connections with the royal family. Was this senior brother-in-law a spy of the royal family?
 Chen Yuhua knew the breathing technique of five birds.
 And many people wanted to seize it.
 Even if it was the first version, there were probably many people who wanted to seize it. Did Hu dingfang's Ascension have anything to do with the breathing technique of five birds?
 The teacher had not said or mentioned it.
 In the past, Li Hao didn't care about this.
 Today, he saw that the three major organizations, the seven sacred mountains, and even the superpower City were all coveting it. He wanted to go and check it out.
 ……
 The garrison's headquarters was in the West City.
 The western suburbs were also where the garrison was stationed. Silver Moon only had 300000 soldiers stationed there, which was not a lot. Compared to Silver moon's population of nearly a hundred million, this number was considered small.
 This number had been maintained for many years.
  Ever since the Li Dynasty in the North had disappeared, Silver Moon had reduced its Army for many years, but had not expanded it.
 This number of troops would not be too much of a burden to Silver moon's finances.
 The Silver Moon, White Dragon, and Tiger wing armies had 100000 men each. Huang Yu was in charge of the central Army, which was the Silver Moon Army, Hu dingfang was in charge of the Tiger wing Army, Ren tianchuan was the Commander-in-Chief of the White Dragon Army, and Wang Ming's grandfather was the Deputy Commander-in-Chief.
 Li Hao wasn't very familiar with the White Dragon Army's commander, but he had come into contact with him in heaven battling city. He was a man of few words.
 Li Hao also wanted to see what the Army of this era was like.
 He had seen a few armies, and they were all trash, rotten, and lacking in spirit.
 At this moment, Li Hao had already arrived at the garrison in the western suburbs.
 From afar, shouts could be heard.
 The Army was still training in the cold winter.
 In this era, with the rise of the extraordinary, ordinary people no longer had much security, not even the military. Their training had long been neglected and relaxed, but the three armies of the Silver Moon were still training.

 Li Hao was like an invisible person. He passed through the defenses and entered the drill ground.
 The three armies were in the midst of training!
 There were only a few transcendents. A Martial Master was leading the soldiers in training. Steam was rising from everyone's head as they continued to shout.
 In the middle of the drill ground, a person was exuding a mighty aura despite his age.
 Huang Yu!
 Li Hao was a little surprised.
 At this moment, Huang Yu was punching!
 "Kill!"
 "Kill!"
 As Huang Yu shouted, the soldiers who were training also waved their fists and shouted.
  Spear, attack!
 Everyone followed closely behind.
 In this era where Firearms and Explosives were the mainstream of the military, Huang Yu was actually leading the Army to practice basic martial arts.
 In the distance, Huang Yu was training with his men. He seemed to have sensed something. He glanced at Li Hao and continued training without paying much attention.
 "Ha!"
 "Kill!"
 The killing intent was thick. This Army seemed to have been through war before. At this moment, they were strict and mighty. They were divided into 1000 troops, and each troop was led by a Martial Master. They were training together.
 After a while, Huang Yu threw the spear to one of the officers and shouted,""Let's continue with the training!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he leaped into the air and disappeared.
 The Army was still training.
 However, some of the military officers looked over. Commander Yu was unmoved. Almost every day, he would lead the Army to train together unless he had something to do.
 ? Why did he leave halfway today?
 Suddenly, someone felt a blur in front of their eyes. There was originally no one in the distance, but someone had suddenly appeared. They were all somewhat shocked. Who had broken into the military camp?
 However, when they saw that commander Yu had gone over, they felt a lot more at ease.
 ……
 "What are you doing here?"
 Huang Yu said, frowning,""It's not a good thing to sneak into the military camp. Of course, you're an expert, so it won't be that easy to kill you ... There won't be a next time!"
 Li Hao nodded."I just wanted to take a look at the Silver Moon Army. Now that I've seen them, they do live up to their reputation. The Silver Moon northern barbarian Army still has strict military discipline. They haven't been corrupted."
 "Of course,"
 "Don't talk here," Huang Yu said indifferently as he walked away.
 "Yes!"
 Li Hao responded subconsciously and followed him. Huang Yu glanced at him but didn't say anything.
 The two of them walked to the back. Huang Yu said indifferently,""The Silver Moon Army has always been a fierce Army! There weren't many of them, but the northern barbarian Army was famous! It's just that after the rise of the supers, the role of the Army has been greatly reduced, but ... It's nothing. "
  "The strong should be left to the strong. A disciplined and powerful Army is useful at any time. Whether it's to appease the people or to calm down some small turmoil, there's no problem at all."  Li Hao nodded.
 Sometimes, even though powerhouses were very useful, it didn't mean that the Army was useless. Moreover, he could tell that these troops were not ordinary.
 "Commander Yu, they are all martial masters?"
 "No."
 Huang Yu shook his head."Although superpowers have risen and martial masters have increased, how can they all be martial masters? they have only learned some basic secret skills to strengthen their qi and blood. They have also absorbed a small amount of mysterious energy and divine energy stones. They are much stronger than ordinary people, but they are far inferior to transcendents and ten slash realms ..."
 "Of course, with 10 of them, it's still possible to fight against a Starlight master or a ten-realm master. Ten-realm master is only equivalent to killing 10 ordinary soldiers. The Silver Moon Army is not afraid of death, so it's unlikely that they can kill 10 of them."
 There was a hint of pride in his voice.
 "Why didn't commander Yu train more martial masters? instead, he trained soldiers of similar strength. If he concentrated some resources, there might be more experts ..."
 As a result, the resources were too scattered.
 "No, no, no. You're wrong. The Army is a whole. Some experts are born from the concentration of resources, but they are not of great use. On the contrary, they will disrupt the deployment and the ability to coordinate."
 "There are experts in the Army, but they will be brought out individually. For example, if you enter the ten-realm, then you will cut ten-realm into a team ... They can't be mixed. If they are too mixed, it will greatly reduce the ability to work together!"
 Li Hao understood and nodded. It made sense.
 As they spoke, the two of them entered a small building.
 There was someone inside. When he saw Huang Yu, he saluted him immediately,""Commander Yu!"
 "Yes."
 Huang Yu nodded slightly. Those people were all surprised to see Li Hao. Some of them didn't know him, but some high-ranking officers seemed to recognize him. They were even more confused and surprised.
 Li Hao!
 Li Hao's name was well-known all over the world. The higher-ups knew him and had seen his picture.
 But why had Li Hao returned from stellarsky city?
 After entering the office, he motioned for Li Hao to take a seat. Huang Yu's office was very spacious and empty, except for a small bookshelf and a desk.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "When did you come back?"
 "Last night,"
  "Oh."
 Huang Yu didn't say much, nor did he ask. The atmosphere became awkward.
 Seeing this, Li Hao could only take the initiative to say,""Commander Yu, this is the Silver Moon Army's encampment. The White Dragon Army and the Tiger wing Army are not here?"
 "It's nearby,"
 "I just have a question and I want to ask you, commander Yu. Did you agree to Hu dingfang becoming the Commander-in-Chief of the Tiger wing Army?"
 "Yes."
 "He, the Bai family, and the royal family ..."
 "Are you trying to ask if you exchanged the breathing technique of five birds for the position?" Huang Yu asked.
 "Right!"
 Li Hao didn't hide it. He nodded."My Senior Sister taught him the breathing technique of five birds. My teacher didn't say anything, nor did he mention it to me. But now, the three major organizations are all pursuing the breathing technique of five birds. I want to know more about it."

 "What if you want to clean up your sect?"
 "He's the general of the Tiger wing Army," Huang Yu said indifferently."If you attack him, you'll be attacking me. Let's not talk about anything else. Do you still want to persist?"
 Li Hao frowned.
 He looked at Huang Yu.
 "What, are you hesitating?" Huang Yu suddenly laughed.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows."I'm very grateful that you came to my aid. However, if you really exchanged your position with the breathing technique of five birds, and you also know the breathing technique of five birds, I'll forget about it if you come forward. However, my master and I will not pursue the matter of the breathing technique of five birds."
 "You can represent Yuan Shuo?"
 "I think ... I can!"
 Li Hao looked at him and replied.
 Huang Yu laughed.
  His smile was slightly stiff, and after a moment, he said,""It's not because of the breathing technique of five birds that Hu dingfang didn't dare to spread it. Your master is still alive! Hu dingfang becoming the Commander-in-Chief of the Tiger wing Army is indeed related to your master. When your Senior Sister came to me, she did have the intention of borrowing your master's prestige ... But Hu dingfang is relatively okay. "
 He thought for a moment and said,"as for the Bai family, it's not a big deal for you now." They're just spies that the royal family has placed in various places, and there are people like that everywhere. However, on Silver moon's side, the Bai family is gradually breaking away from the royal family. "
 He looked at Li Hao."I'm in the Army. It won't be a big problem. The problem you're worried about won't happen!"
 Silver Moon was more powerful and confident than he had imagined.
 Huang Yu didn't care much about these things.
 "There's no need to be so hostile to Hu dingfang," he added."So many years have passed, and the breathing technique of five birds has been revised many times. Let's stop here."
 Li Hao thought for a while and nodded,'as long as he doesn't spread it, I won't do anything since my master didn't say anything. However, the rules of the martial arts world are still there. If he spread it around, I will definitely interfere!"
 "You little brat!"
 Huang Yu chuckled but didn't say anything else. The Silver Moon martial forest was indeed like this. At the very least, the core secret skill of the sect was not allowed to be spread.
 He didn't continue on this topic and instead asked,""What do you think of the Silver Moon Army?"
 "Very strong ... But not enough!" He said.
 Li Hao said,"there are 300000 of them. The central Division has a few million supers. Even if the Silver Moon Army is powerful and can take on one supers with 10 of them, they will still collapse if they face 30000 supers. Of course, this is a battle with cold weapons. Adding hot weapons might be of some use."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "En!"
 Huang Yu nodded and said after some consideration,""So, we need to strengthen the overall strength of the Silver Moon Army. Do you have any ideas?"
 What did that mean?
 "What do you mean?" Li Hao asked calmly.
 "It's not bad to strengthen the mysterious energy, but you know, the mysterious energy is too violent, and it's easy to explode and die!"
 Understood!  Sword energy!
 Li Hao's teeth ached. This was asking him to provide sword energy for the Silver Moon Army?
 Oh my God!
 How much would that consume?
 Besides ... He's already a Martial Master, can you afford to raise him?
 A Martial Master was much better at eating and drinking than others, let alone other things.
 "In addition, I heard from the demon hunt squads that they seem to be specialized in small scale military formations ..."
 "Commander Yu ... You're really not polite!" Li Hao gritted his teeth.
 He was only here to take a look, but the other party came up and gave him a King Bomb. Not only did he want a sword, but he also wanted an army formation.
 Huang Yu laughed,"I'm just saying. It doesn't have to be like this. Maybe it'll work." You can consider it. It's not impossible for me to give you the Vice Commander-in-Chief position! We still have to help the Silvermoon!"
 "I'll consider it!"
 "You have obtained the support of the heaven battling Army and obtained a position, but you don't have enough people and experts. Even if the Wei Wu Army is filled with people ... When you get promoted in the future, it will still not be enough!"
 "Rather than recruiting some unfamiliar people, it's better to choose people from me. Although they're not strong, they're at least soldiers who follow strict military discipline and obey orders ... If you can become the commander of the heaven battling Army ... You'll have countless powerful troops under you. With a single order, a million troops will move unhindered ... No matter how powerful the Dawnlight is, it'll be destroyed! Li Hao, the 300000 Silver Moon soldiers are actually very good seedlings!"
 "What do you think?" he looked at Li Hao and suddenly smiled.
 Li Hao looked at him and didn't say anything.
 This person seemed to know a lot.
 "You're not the only one who's become a guild leader,"Huang Yu continued," Silver Moon ... Has one as well! However, it was very difficult to reach the division commander level. Only a division commander could control 10000 Gu Army troops! It's even more difficult to become a commander. However, if someone becomes a commander, an Army of 100000 soldiers will be able to fight in armor!"
  "Why do you think Silver Moon only has 300000 troops and not 1 or 3 million?"
 Li Hao seemed to understand. He raised his eyebrows slightly."Commander Yu, you mean ... These soldiers can put on their armor and fight at any time?"
 "There are too few of them!"
 "So far, the Silver Moon Army has 3000 sets of armor!" Huang Yu did not deny it.
 That was three regiments!
 "Heaven-battling Army?" Li Hao's eyes glittered.
 "No!"
 Huang Yu shook his head,"heaven battling city's degree of recovery is relatively high, and ... It's different from other cities. Heaven battling city has a powerful expert overseeing it, so it's very difficult to obtain recognition. You're just lucky. You've seen hou Xiaochen enter heaven battling city several times, but he still hasn't been able to obtain recognition."
 "You have to know that other than the eight major cities, there are other cities. It's easier to obtain recognition in small cities ..."
 "It's a pity that some of the smaller cities have long since been completely destroyed. Even after many years of exploration, Silver Moon has only obtained the authority of three leaders."

