fileno%d
Zhou frowned and nodded his head.
 "That year, when the first recovery began, the few of us had some contact with the earth glory," director Zhao continued.
 Director Zhou's heart moved.
 "Does this glory of earth belong to the traitors or the other side?" he asked after some consideration.
 "The other one is from the Crimson Moon world! So ... That time, Ying Hongyue's Hongyue organization was formed!"
 Director Zhou's expression changed again,"you sure know how to hide. You never mentioned it."
 Director Zhao said slowly,"back then, Ying Hongyue, earth glory, and I came to an agreement. Before the second recovery, we will not go against each other. We will work together to start the second recovery. Otherwise ... We will not be able to get out."
 "Are there any restrictions?"
 "You didn't say it before because of the restrictions?" director Zhou said in a low voice.
  "A little, but it's not too serious."
 Director Zhao said softly,"after that, the three major organizations appeared. Clear sky god mountain appeared, and silver Moon ... I started to take charge. We each took charge of one side and didn't interfere with each other! "We're all waiting in silence, waiting for the second recovery to begin ..."
 "You're also pushing for it, aren't you?"
 Director Zhao nodded."You can say that. Back then, we did follow the agreement and pushed for the second recovery. Be it the three major organizations or Silver Moon, they were all targeting the imperial family and the ninth Bureau. They had the intention of forcing the imperial family and the ninth Bureau to open the mine."
 "Get to the point, what about now?" director Zhou said in a low voice. Also, is your trump card the earth glory?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "What's the rush?"director Zhao laughed. The current situation was that the second recovery had yet to begin, and the agreement they had made back then had already expired. Everyone had to think of a way to survive. However, the brilliant Earth is indeed a trump card ..."
 He paused for a moment before he continued,"the glory of the earth doesn't represent the traitors. It represents the Crimson Moon world!" When the second recovery began, the earth glory once said that if it was recovered, he would attack some people from the eight ancient cities. Of course, I didn't say it directly, but it was just my speculation. "
 "Therefore, even though there are many relics inside the Silver Moon, I know that the brilliant Earth has been revived many times. Once the second revival is activated, the brilliant Earth will be the one to hunt them down!"
 "Asking a Tiger for its skin!" Director Zhou frowned.
 "Right!"
 Director Zhao nodded,"it's like asking a Tiger for its skin!" "I've thought of many things before. I've also thought of using martial Union to hunt down Brilliant Earth and reach a balance between us. I've also thought of waiting for the second recovery to begin. I'll first use Brilliant Earth to kill a large number of ancient city experts, then secretly plot against Brilliant Earth, allowing martial Union to kill him ... And let them fight to the death. "  "The Crimson Moon world and neo martial are natural enemies!"
 "Of course, this is walking on a tightrope ... But it doesn't matter. The second recovery has begun. How can we survive without walking on a tightrope?"
 "Then this trump card ... I'm afraid it won't be of much use." Director Zhou sighed.
 Old Zhao was actually counting on the powerhouses of the Crimson Moon world. What kind of trump card was this?
 He was helpless!
 p Director Zhao shook his head."I've been in charge of Silver Moon for 40 years. I've chased away the three major organizations, not allowing Ying Hongyue and the others to enter, and I've taken over the Yushan Town remains. This has also led to the fact that all these years, the earth glory can only contact me! Do you understand?"  "From the first awakening until now, it's been 21 years, and the brilliant Earth has never seen Ying Hongyue again ... The only method was to use some spiritual force to make a red robe that has been following Ying Hongyue and keeping in contact ... In fact, all of this was tacitly approved by me. As for that red-robed man, he was killed by Ying Hongyue and the others not long ago ..."
 Director Zhou looked at him, his eyes shining.
 21 years!
  After such a long time, did old Zhao and the earth glory have a deeper connection?
 Director Zhao said softly,"for the past 21 years, I've been thinking about it and doing it. Unfortunately, the earth glory is not easy to deal with. After so many years, although we have established many connections, we still can't completely deceive him and convince him ..."
 After saying that, he laughed."It was only when Ying Hongyue killed Hong Pao and cut off his connection with him that he had no other hope. He could only rely on me. I should be the one thanking Ying Hongyue!"
 "During those few days, Ying Hongyue even wanted to go to Yushan Town to do something, but I stopped her ... And I only did one thing."
 "Just say it." Director Zhou was helpless.
 Director Zhao smiled,"I said, I can make myself his eyes, his arms, his arms ...... Become ..... The second red robe, the second Red Moon!" It's actually not impossible for me to use my trump card ... I'll go see him now and use his power of the saintly way to help me forcefully open my apertures and Dao meridians, transforming me into a body suitable for him to invade and prepare for him to leave the ruins ... But the biggest disadvantage is that I might lose myself. "
 "There's one thing about the experts of the Crimson Moon world that's very scary. They will slowly amplify the desires in your heart. They don't directly occupy your physical body, nor do they possess it ... Instead, they slowly amplify your desires and transform you. Gradually, you will become one of them. All the traitors must have had deep contact with them!"
 Director Zhao sighed."I'll accept his transformation, his brainwashing, some of his ideas, and the opening of some Dao meridians. He'll definitely be happy. Hong Pao is dead, and Ying Hongyue has betrayed him. He can't come out now, so he'll be happy to accept me as his spokesperson ..."
 Director Zhou's expression changed and he said softly,"Forget it, don't get a second Ying Hongyue in the end! After all these years, I thought you had some tricks up your sleeve, but in the end ... This is it?"

 He was a little disappointed.
 This was not a good trump card.
 You've been planning this for 21 years?
 It was really ... A lonely plan!
 He wanted to say,"if you had told me earlier, I might have had other ways."
 Director Zhao laughed,"of course it's not just this, if it's just this ... Then I've wasted 21 years" time?" Am I that stupid to turn myself into a second Ying Hongyue?"
 Director Zhao was a little proud,""For the past 21 years, I've been thinking day and night about how I could avoid becoming the second Ying Hongyue, avoid being influenced by him, and avoid becoming his puppet. A few years ago, I finally had a way!"
 At this point, he laughed."I actually learned this from Ying Hongyue. I have to say that this guy is quite capable. He was able to get rid of the influence and even turn from the guest to the host. This has a lot to do with him seizing the eight great families 'bloodlines. The influence of the Crimson Moon world is very strong, but when there is something stronger as a fulcrum, you can avoid the other party's influence. Do you understand? For example, Ying Hongyue relied on the bloodline of the eight great families to resist that influence. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to betray the earth glory. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Then what about you?" director Zhou's heart moved.
 "Me?"
  Director Zhao was a little reserved."A few years ago, I learned about neo martial's schizophrenia. Later, I copied another me through Li Hao's divine text method. It's a divine clone!" "Combining this, I split myself into two. One me can accept the other party's transformation. "The other me needs some support. After I modify it, the two of us will become one and return. I will strip the other party of their influence on me. Then, I can take the benefits and not admit them ..."
 "You ... Can create clones?"
 Director Zhou was stunned and director Zhao laughed,"Yes, but the other me ... Is actually the same as this me. It's just that you never noticed it."
 "You ... Have you ever changed your identity in front of me?" director Zhou found it unbelievable.
 "I did. I can't deal with government affairs every day. I need to cultivate too ... I change every few days to cultivate."
 Director Zhao laughed,"also, I'm dealing with government affairs while going to the ruins, where would I find the time!" The other me has been cultivating all this time ..."
 Director Zhou frowned,"then what's your pillar of resistance against the influence of the Crimson Moon?" Don't tell me ... He has the bloodline of the eight great families?"
 He looked at director Zhao and his expression changed.
 Could it be that ... Back then, Ying Hongyue wasn't the only one who had seized the eight great families "bloodline? this old friend of his had also seized it?
 If Li Hao knew about this, he would ... Flip the sky!
 Wasn't this the second Ying Hongyue?
 "That's definitely not the case. I only found out about Ying Hongyue's news later on. My thoughts are different from his. I've only found out about Ying Hongyue's side recently ..."
 Director Zhao shook his head,"I didn't use the bloodline of the eight great families, I used another treasure, but the effect is similar .."
 "What treasure?"  Director Zhou was worried and still asked.
 Director Zhao grinned,""Do you know Silver Moon martial arts university?"
 "I know. It's said that it's a martial arts university established by the eight great families. Li Hao wanted to go there to look for it, but he didn't find any clues or the location of the University ..."
 "Silver Moon martial arts university, do you know where it is?"
 "Nonsense!"
 Director Zhou was speechless. If he knew, he would have gone a long time ago.
 "Under the administration Bureau." Director Zhao smiled again.
 “……”
 Director Zhou was stunned.
 "Yes." Director Zhao continued,"as a martial arts university jointly established by the eight great families, countless children of the eight great families came here to study. In order to manage the children of the eight great families and prevent them from being disobedient, Silver Moon martial arts university once gave the University an eight-direction seal! It just so happened that a few years ago ... I've been grinding for decades and finally got it. My clone was made from this thing. Although it's not the fusion of the eight bloodlines, its effects aren't any worse than Ying Hongyue's fusion of the eight bloodlines!"
 Director Zhou's eyes moved."Then ... You mean that you can use your body to open more Dao meridians and use your clones to cancel out the effects of the Earth's erosion?"
 "Right!"
 Director Zhao nodded."I thought so a long time ago. However, the second recovery was delayed. I was worried that it would go out of control, so I didn't do it!" Now, the only problem is ... After I go and accept the transformation, I can't immediately fuse with it ... Once I fuse with it, I'll probably exceed the limits of the world!"
  "Li Hao!"
 "He can avoid the problem of the limits of the world," director Zhou quickly said.
 Director Zhao coughed dryly."He can 't. If I accept the transformation and am infected with the aura of the Crimson Moon world, that fellow ... When he sees me, he might see me as if he sees Ying Hongyue."
 "It's not that ..."Director Zhou quickly said.
 Director Zhao still shook his head. Seeing old Zhou frown, he said helplessly,"Alright, it's not just that. Once I accept the modification, after I come out, it's very likely that my first goal will be to exterminate the eight great families ... At that time, I'll definitely have a conflict with Li Hao!"
 Director Zhou frowned once more,"then what do we do?"
 "Just one way!"
 Director Zhao said,"I have to fuse with my clone first to get rid of the influence. Only then can I accept Li Hao's heaven's will. However, my body has been modified. I'm definitely unwilling to fuse with it. Thus ... I need your help."
 "How can I help?"
 "You just have to force my two clones to merge together."

 "Director Zhou thought about it," with two of your clones, how strong will you be?"
 "I'm almost at the third level of the sun Moon tier now. When the time comes, I'll be at least at the fourth level of the sun Moon tier after the modification! The second clone might also go on a rampage, at the third level of the sun Moon stage ..."
 "Then I can't do anything about it." Director Zhou was speechless.
 "Yes, Li Hao can't get close to me at that time ... So, the only way now is to let director Wang suppress me. But I can't hide the Crimson Moon aura from him. He might choose to kill me."
 "Of course, he might not be my match then ..."
 As he said that, director Zhao was helpless,""So ... If Li Hao can't get close to me, he can only find a few people to suppress me. Empress Dowager Shui Yun, the king of Dali, and the moon goddess."
 "If Li Hao were to forcefully deal with me, I might be forced to self-destruct because of my hostility towards the eight great families ... That would be a huge loss."
 Director Zhou finally understood and said helplessly,"This ... I'll ask Li Hao later. Also, you make it sound so simple, but it'll be troublesome if you don't set a trap."
 "Yeah, I'm worried about that too ..."
 Director Zhao didn't stop him and said helplessly,""This is the only way. After I merge with it, I might be able to have the battle prowess of the fifth or even sixth stage of the sun Moon tier. With this strength, even if he were to recover a second time, I wouldn't be too worried. "
  He sighed."But what I was thinking at that time was that if it really came to this ... Who would care if they were affected or not? I'll just fight it out. But now, I can't do it anymore. I have to restrain myself."
 "Old Zhao, you're not hiding anything else from me, are you?"
 Director Zhou couldn't help but ask, "You've hidden yourself well. I'm worried that you're deliberately tricking me. Once you successfully merge with me, don't release that so-called Brilliant Earth ..."
 "How could it be!"
 "Anything is possible!"
 Director Zhou suddenly laughed."I've already thought about it. No, I'm already doing it. I've passed everything on to Li Hao. Didn't you say that Li Hao can't get close to you? Then I'll tell him that he doesn't need to care about you when you come out ... He'll bring people to kill diyao! Zhang an can also go ... Because neo martial artists don't have any burden in killing people from the Crimson Moon world!"
 He looked at director Zhao,""So ... Even if you want to trick me, it's useless."
 Director Zhao frowned,"kill earth glory ..."
 "Yes, just treat it as practice. A Saint, right? This was the last time he would witness the true power of a Saint! As for Li Hao's choice, that's his business. "
 Director Zhao was speechless."You betrayed us!"
 I was telling you, but you turned around and sold me out!
 Director Zhou shook his head."I'm not betraying him. It's just that your situation is a little off. Maybe ... You've already been affected by the earth glory and you think you're controlling him. You're wrong. Maybe ... He has already controlled you! "Otherwise, you would have told me long ago instead of waiting for me to force you to tell me all this. All these years, you've even hidden your clone and the two major events in the martial arts university from me!"
 Director Zhou said calmly,"there is a problem with your current state. If not, you would have taken the initiative to try it the moment the Li Dynasty invaded. You wouldn't have waited until now."
 Director Zhao was slightly distracted.
 "Old Zhao, you'd better ... Restrain the desire in your heart!"
 "Maybe ... I should ask Qian Wuliang to keep an eye on you!" Director Zhou said in a low voice.
 Director Zhao frowned and didn't say anything. In the next moment, Qian Wuliang appeared. Director Zhao was furious, but Qian Wuliang looked at director Zhao as if he had never met him before. He said,"What a strong desire for greed! Director Zhao, you seem to be very angry, very angry, and very greedy ... It seems like it's just as director Zhou said, you've been affected!"
 In the next moment, director Wang appeared and frowned,""Li Hao asked me to keep an eye on you."
 Director Zhao was speechless as he looked at director Zhou.
 He was very depressed. How could this be?
 We've been old friends for 40 years, yet you betrayed me just like that!
 Director Zhou sighed,"it's for your own good, don't be angry. The old Zhao wouldn't be angry!" As expected, the commander was right. He told me to be careful of you ..."
 "What do you mean?"
 "The governor said that you seem to have changed into a different person recently. Perhaps you have been affected by the Silver City. This time, when he returned to the Silver City, he found that something was different. Don't worry, it's nothing. Everything is going according to your plan ... Your problem will be easily solved!"
 Director Zhao frowned and looked at the sky. Am I affected?
 Why ... Did he not feel anything?
 ……
 On the other side, Li Hao had also received the news and arrived at the area where the stone gate was. He shook his head and said,""That guy is not to be trifled with!"
 "Who is it?"
  "The person near the Stargate ... The one with the bloodline of the eight great families can be easily affected by the other party's seal ... I just asked director Zhou to test it out, and director Zhao seems to have encountered a small problem ... It seems that before attacking the Zheng family, I can use another person as a test."  Then, Li Hao smiled."That's good. I'll go and see how much influence this person has. Teacher, if I'm affected, be careful. I'll lend you five divine runes for now!"
 With that, five divine runes appeared."If there's any problem with me, teacher, stop me in time!"
 "Don't worry!"
 Yuan Shuo didn't say much and just nodded.
 Li Hao took a deep breath. The next moment, the blood in his body boiled, and a divine light appeared in his eyes. He saw the eight trigrams, and a force spread up along the blood-red thread toward the eight trigrams.
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the eight trigrams, a Red Gate stood in the void of the starry universe. There seemed to be a figure standing nearby. Around it, there were small Eight Trigrams that seemed to suppress the surroundings!
 Many figures appeared in all directions. The most eye-catching one was an old man who was constantly brandishing a long sword. The other figures were extremely dim.
 At that moment, the shadow seemed to have sensed something. It opened its eyes and looked in the direction of the shadow of the sword venerable. At that moment, the shadow of the sword venerable seemed to come to life and opened its eyes instantly!
 Their eyes met!
 The next moment, near the Stargate, the mysterious man suddenly spoke,""Descendants of the Li family ... Break the seal and the world will belong to you. The Crimson Moon world doesn't need a small world!"
 "I, according to neo martial, the power of a venerable sovereign doesn't need a small world ..."
 At this moment, just as Li Hao appeared, a Grand voice suddenly appeared in his mind.
 At this moment, there was only one thought in his mind.
 Break the seal and let this venerable sovereign unseal himself.
 Heaven and earth belong to me!
 The other party didn't care about a small world.
 At this moment, he felt that this person would not lie to him. As a venerable sovereign, he really did not care about a small world. What he needed was to use the small world to counterattack the new Martial master's world.
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Rays of red light enveloped the area.
 At this moment, a sword radiance flashed. With a boom, the void was torn apart, and all the Grand voices that surrounded Li Hao were instantly extinguished!
 A muffled groan resounded through the world.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Only then did Li Hao come to his senses. He opened his eyes and felt that something was different. This time, he seemed to be in the shadow of the ancestor!
 Just now, it was The Phantom of the ancestor that had slashed out and cut everything in one strike.
 In the distance, the giant figure sighed,""Sword venerable's sword has unparalleled attack power. Longevity swordsman, you live up to your name!"
 Even if it was just a remnant shadow, with the help of the array, it could actually break his curse.
 Li Hao also understood. At this moment, he felt a chill in his heart.
  The strength of venerable sovereigns was beyond imagination!
 Just now, he had almost been affected. If it wasn't for the sword of his ancestor, perhaps ... He would have felt that what the other party said was very correct.
 What a terrifying ability!
 The next moment, Li Hao's world spun. Suddenly, he fell out of the shadow, as if the shadow of his ancestor had pushed him away. In the next second, Li Hao saw the shadow of his ancestor attack with a sword!
 The sword struck out silently. In the distance, near the Stargate, another shadow sighed. This formation ... Had been attacking him for many years, but it had not been broken yet. Neo martial was indeed powerful.
 BOOM!
 A great battle erupted!
 Li Hao had witnessed a battle between venerable sovereigns. He might not have been at his peak, but it was his first time seeing two venerable sovereigns fight at such a close distance.
 The ancestor's sword was unbelievably powerful!
 At this moment, there was only this sword in Li Hao's eyes. Every strike seemed to be a life-and-death one, without any extra strikes.

 The battle between venerable sovereigns was taking place in the void.
 All of the eight great families had illusionary figures, but the other illusionary figures seemed extremely weak. Only the illusionary figure of the sword venerable could be considered strong. Sword after sword, each sword seemed to be desperate.
 There were no extra tricks or so-called divine powers.
 It was a sword!
 As for the venerable sovereign who was sealed here, even though he had the moon above his head, the Stargate behind him, and the eight trigrams above his head, he was still able to unleash an extremely powerful combat power.
 However, the venerable sovereigns of the Crimson Moon world seemed to be more skilled in spiritual techniques.
 He was more skilled in bewitching people.
 However, his opponent was just an apparition left behind by an expert in the past. It appeared through a formation, and the source of the energy came from the world. At this moment, Li Hao vaguely understood why the world's energy had been instantly drawn away.
 It wasn't just because of the mine vein, but also because of the seal.
 A venerable sovereign barged in and someone activated the formation to seal the venerable sovereign. The formation needed to maintain the shadows of the eight experts, especially the shadow of venerable sword, which consumed a lot of energy.
  Thus, the heaven and earth energy was completely drained.
 But now, the formation was not as powerful as it had been in the past. The world was also generating energy, and the energy consumed by The Phantom of the sword venerable was not as much as before. Therefore, the world was recovering.
 Li Hao finally understood everything.
 The destruction of heaven and earth for 100000 years had something to do with this venerable sovereign and the spectral image of the sword venerable. For so many years, one of them had wanted to break the seal, while the other had been trying to slow down the other's progress.
 Therefore, a tug-of-war had appeared!
 In that case, the recovery of the world might be due to the decline of the sword venerable Phantom. On the other hand, it also meant that the sealed venerable sovereign's strength was not as good as before.
 It was constantly being weakened!
 Both sides were being weakened.
 Therefore, a balance was still maintained, causing this venerable sovereign to be unable to break out of the seal.
 At this moment, Red Moon sovereign was still speaking,""I'm not lying to you, Li family descendant! If you break the seal, the Silver Moon world will belong to you. As a venerable sovereign, I will not lie to you ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao was once again in a daze, as if he had been disturbed, as if everything the other party had said was correct.
 He had long known that such a situation would occur here.
 He also made some preparations ...
  However, when he really met a venerable sovereign, and a sealed one at that, he still found it difficult to bear the invasion of the other party's words. This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Divine runes burst out in Li Hao's body.
 The divine text of the word "Dao" exuded power and shook his body, but it was still difficult to resist.
 At this moment, a sword light flashed in the darkness, illuminating the world.
 Li Hao woke up again!
 It was the sword of the sword Saint!
 At this moment, Li Hao thought of something. The other party had interfered with him, and the sword of venerable the sword had broken through the interference. Every interference was actually an opportunity for him!
 Wasn't it?
 At first, Li Hao was a little afraid and didn't dare to speak, but at this moment, his mind was suddenly in turmoil."What you say doesn't count. The Silvermoon world doesn't belong to you!"
 "Oh?"
 Red Moon sovereign waved her hand again. The sky turned upside down, the stars fell, and the universe was broken.
 He was like a god!
 At this moment, a voice came,"why not?" It's just a small world. If it weren't for this seal, even the small world's world barrier wouldn't be able to stop a venerable sovereign ... As long as the seal is broken, I'll be invincible ... Truly invincible!"
  "Do you think all the neo martial artists are dead?"
 Li Hao felt his mind shaking. At this moment, a sword intent surrounded him. Li Hao said softly,""New martial and the universe you're in may still be fighting ... Or it's possible that you've already been defeated. Otherwise, how could no one come to save you or find you when a venerable sovereign disappeared for countless years?"
 "What Silvermoon left behind are only a group of old, weak, sick, and disabled. The true experts have already left, but you are a venerable sovereign ... In any universe, a venerable sovereign is not a weakling. Why is no one coming to save you?"
 The shadow chuckled."You don't understand ... The greater world is extremely beautiful, and the flow of time is different. The new Martial Master world should have disappeared. Perhaps it collided with the Crimson Moon world and crossed paths. Perhaps, the battle there has only been going on for a few years, a few decades ... But the Silver Moon has already been a hundred thousand years!"
 "You're too weak and don't understand the truth, so ... No one knows who will win between red Moon and new martial. Even I don't know ... However, new martial left Silver Moon behind, so I feel that we may be at a disadvantage ..."
 He didn't say that Red Moon would win!
 As a venerable sovereign, he disdained to deceive a weakling. His voice trembled and shook the world,""It's an undeniable fact that neo martial is strong! However, the human King of neo martial art is divided into two parts, even three parts, four parts ... In this way, the strongest person of neo martial art is not as good as Red Moon master ..."
 "The descendants of the Li family are trapped in a small world. They may spend the rest of their lives in a small world. 100000 years is just a blink of an eye to me! As long as you break the seal and let me leave this place, I'll give you whatever you want. "
 Li Hao was in a daze. A sword light flashed in his eyes again. He stared at the sword light for a long time before he came back to his senses."How do I break the seal?"
 "Extract the power of the Li family bloodline in your body and use the starry sky sword to cut off a corner of the eight trigrams. As long as you can exert a little bit of strength, I can naturally break the seal ..."

 Li Hao was in a trance.
 He became even more dejected.
 The other party's voice sounded in his mind again.""Even if you don't help me, this seal won't be able to last for long. The world has developed its own consciousness and doesn't want anyone to continuously extract the energy of the world ... So, this seal will break by itself sooner or later."
 A weak red energy seeped into Li Hao's shadow.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Near the stone gate, Li Hao's body seemed to be shrouded in a thick red energy.
 Yuan Shuo immediately frowned.
 He didn't approach Li Hao, but at this moment, the red energy was spreading out in wisps, making him feel a little uncomfortable. Not only that, but at this moment, the energy of the eight great families near the stone door suddenly exploded!
 Just like the first time, the energy of the eight great families and this red energy were in conflict.
  The sound of the explosion woke Yuan Shuo up instantly.
 He took a deep breath and looked very serious.
 This ... Was terrifying!
 The current him was much stronger than before, but just a little bit of the overflowing energy was enough to make him lose his soul. Just what kind of expert was sealed inside?
 Yuan Shuo glanced at Li Hao and suddenly shouted in a low voice, the roar of a Tiger echoing through the forest.
 "Li Hao!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com An angry roar seemed to reverberate through the world.
 He charged at Li Hao like a hot knife through butter.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 In the air, a ferocious Tiger pounced forward.
 ……
 In the starry universe, Li Hao suddenly heard an angry roar.
 "Li Hao!"
 Li Hao instantly sobered up. He felt a little heavy, and he could still hear his opponent's voice in his ears. How terrifying! This was still under the condition that The Phantom of the sword venerable was continuously attacking his opponent.
 The other party might have only said a few simple words, but they had actually affected him. Moreover, it was difficult to stop him.
 What a terrifying existence!
 Was this the venerable sovereign?
 The divine character 'Dao' in his body circulated rapidly again, surging out in waves. Li Hao closed his eyes and opened them again. Sword light seemed to appear in his eyes.
 At this moment, he was no longer listening. He only watched.
 Look at that shadow!
 Each sword was natural, as if heaven and earth had just been created.
 As Li Hao read on, he forgot everything.
 He no longer cared about the red moon Emperor's influence but stared at it intently. At this moment, the illusionary sword of venerable the sword seemed to appear in his eyes. Every sword was natural and powerful.
 In Li Hao's mind, a sword intent burst out.
 He thought of something. Suddenly, in the starry sky, the firmament split open, and another world seemed to appear. It was the universe of the great path.
  "Eh?"  At this moment, Red Moon sovereign seemed to have sensed something. Suddenly, a powerful force rushed toward the crack in the sky.
 BOOM!
 A deafening sound reverberated throughout the world.
 "Hmph!"
 The venerable sovereign was a little surprised.""The universe of the great Dao of origins? No... It didn't seem to be ... The new Dao universe? Impossible ... How can a small world give birth to a new Dao?"
 He seemed to have just realized that a new Dao had been born in this world.
 He found it unbelievable!
 This world was too weak. It was not impossible for a universe of the great path to be born, but under normal circumstances, only top-level worlds could be born. Furthermore, the Heaven's Will had to be strong, and the heaven and earth had to mature.
 A small world could actually give birth to a new Dao.
 How was that possible?
 He wanted to break into it. A newly discovered universe of the great path was a treasure in the eyes of all the top experts. For venerable sovereigns, if they could not become a World Master, it would be very difficult for them to advance further.
 However, if he could control a new great Dao ... Then everything was possible!
 At this moment, Li Hao's Phantom appeared. He looked at the sky and saw a red energy trying to invade the bright star sector, but it was instantly defeated by the great Dao universe.
 No matter how new the great Dao universe was, it was not ordinary.
 If it wasn't the power of the bright star great Dao, the other party wouldn't be polite. Previously, Li Hao had brought director Zhou in through the Dao word divine text.
 Seeing this, Li Hao heaved a sigh of relief and no longer cared.
 At this moment, his divine text surged into the bright star sector.
 In the bright star sector, a sword suddenly appeared in the originally attribute-less region. It divided the universe, the heaven and the earth, and the sword path region.
 Capture the sword essence!
 The sword mind of the sword venerable was unbelievable. Just the sword mind that was overflowing was enough to make people's hearts palpitate.
 In the bright star sector, the sword path area was gradually divided.
 On Li Hao's body, 360 Dao meridians appeared. However, not all of them appeared at the moment. The appearance of Dao meridians required a lot of energy.
 However, some of the Dao meridians that appeared were rapidly opening their apertures.
 Only one Dao Meridian was opened.
  Not everyone had the opportunity to observe a battle between venerable sovereigns and comprehend the true meaning of sword principle.
 Li Hao was immersed in this feeling. He also felt that his mental power and Shi were about to be torn apart.
 But, what did it matter?
 Waves of powerful sword intent enveloped Li Hao, accompanied by waves of red power that infected Li Hao. Sometimes, he could even hear the angry shouts of his teacher.
 One sound after another!
 The word "Dao" suddenly appeared above Li Hao's head. The power of the great Dao gushed out and fell on Li Hao, enveloping him. At this moment, Li Hao was like a god bathing in Starlight.
 He opened his eyes once more. This time, he was no longer watching the battle. Instead, divine light burst out from his eyes as he looked around.
 The vast starry sky!
 At this moment, he saw more things. He saw the moon in the sky above Red Moon Emperor. The moon was supposed to be silver, which was the origin of the Silver Moon.
 However, at this moment, it was red, as if it had been contaminated by the other party's power.

 Looking again, one could vaguely see a door standing in the middle of the moon. It was as bright as the stars.
 Stargate!
 This was the gateway to the outside world.
 This was the first time that Li Hao had seen the Stargate so clearly. Something seemed to be branded on the Stargate, and the great Dao was rising and falling.
 Li Hao looked at it for a while and then shifted his gaze.
 Sword city was very likely to be in this region, which was within the world barrier. Then ... Where was sword city?
 Divine light burst out from his eyes as he looked further into the darkness.
 After an unknown period of time, he saw a tiny city floating in the distant depths of the starry sky. It was like a sword, floating in the starry sky. However, it felt like there was no aura or life.
 It seemed to be a Dead City.
 That was sword city?
  Li Hao's heart moved!
 He seemed to see sword city!
 It was said that sword city had opened the seal on their own initiative and chose to suppress this venerable sovereign. Had sword city been completely destroyed?
 Before he could see clearly, he suddenly felt a sharp pain between his eyebrows.
 Li Hao knew that the pressure here was too strong and cut his mind, making it difficult for him to continue fighting.
 His apparition appeared and he frowned slightly.
 He looked into the distance, at the two people who were still fighting, and then at the others who were standing around. They were all somewhat indifferent. Logically speaking, the eight Masters should have all attacked the array of the eight major cities.
 However, until now, only venerable the sword had made a move.
 The others seemed to have gone completely silent.
 Ying Hongyue!
 It must have something to do with Ying Hongyue. He had seized the inherited bloodlines of the seven families, so perhaps this had restricted the bloodline formation of these seven families.
 With this thought in mind, Li Hao instantly disappeared.
 The moment he disappeared, Red Moon Emperor's voice rang in his mind again,""Once you break the seal, you will become an existence second only to me ..."
 ……
 Li Hao returned.
 A red light flickered on his body as Yuan Shuo's aura burst forth. He roared,""Li Hao!"
 His throat was hoarse.
 Li Hao opened his eyes and looked at his teacher. Yuan Shuo's expression was grave as he looked at Li Hao, who was wrapped in red light. At this moment, he couldn't determine Li Hao's condition. He didn't know if Li Hao would be affected by the red light.
 He was a little serious and shouted again,""Wake up!"
 Tiger roar!
 The momentum was shaking!
 The power of the five elements erupted, as if to wake Li Hao up. Li Hao, however, laughed. Suddenly, he had an idea. The starry sky sword appeared instantly, tearing the void apart.
 The bright star sector emerged.
 The next moment, Li Hao was about to enter.
  Boom! Boom! Boom!  At this moment, a powerful force seemed to be coming from the bright star sector, trying to tear Li Hao apart. Or rather, it was tearing apart the red Force in his body. This was an external force.
 It did not match the bright star great Dao.
 It was as if there was the sound of thunder!
 Li Hao's body trembled continuously as he entered the bright star sector. At this moment, countless different forces attacked him. They ran through his body, and a Red Force exploded with a boom.
 In an instant, a Phantom seemed to appear, and then it was destroyed by the countless energies gathered in the bright star sector.
 A muffled groan came from the bright star sector.
 Not Li Hao 's!
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly. He was a little scared and shocked."It ... It really infected me!"
 He felt that he wasn't too affected and had been awake the whole time.
 The sword will of the sword venerable, his own sword will, his master's roar, and the existence of Shi allowed him to avoid the other party's infection. However, in fact, that was not the case. There were still remnants and hidden powers that contaminated his spirit and body.
 When he entered the bright star realm, the bright star great Dao repelled external forces and directly shattered it.
 Not even venerable sovereigns!
 Even a trace of power from a venerable sovereign could not resist the attack of the entire great path universe.
 "Terrifying!"
 Li Hao was a little shocked, but in the next moment, he suddenly smiled. In an instant, he devoured all the energy that had gathered, and different great DAOs surged into his body.
 Dao meridians started to appear one after another.
 It was more effective than any spring of life.
 This was the original power of a great Dao. In order to destroy the power of the Crimson Moon, they had gathered together, but Li Hao had taken advantage of it. As for Li Hao ... His eyes instantly lit up.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "This ... The great Dao universe ... Is targeting the other party's power ..."
 Li Hao's eyes instantly lit up.
 Then ... If I'm continuously infected by the other party, then enter the bright star realm, and the bright star Universe destroys the other party's power, will I be able to continuously gather the power of ten thousand DAOs for myself to devour?
 But ... Every time he went, the seal would be triggered. Would it cause the seal to loosen?
 Also, would the red moon Emperor ... Sense anything?
  He probably wanted to leave something in his body, but it was gone. Perhaps the other party could sense it.
 "Earth Shine!"
 Suddenly, Li Hao thought of the information that director Zhou had just told him.
 Director Zhao might have been infected.
 His eyes suddenly brightened. The brilliant Earth ... It should be a Sage. It could also be a new martial artist but was infected by the Crimson Moon Emperor. Of course, it could be a powerful figure from the Crimson Moon great world.
 This was not important!
 The important thing was that this power would attract the attention of the bright star Universe.
 The power of the great Dao of origins seemed to be targeted as well ... But Li Hao quickly shook his head. At present, the experts had very little power of origins, and the great Dao of origins had already disappeared from the world.
 It was not easy for neo martial artists to gather a little bit of origin power, so he would not test it on them.
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.

 Also, director Zhao seemed to have been infected. Just like him, he didn't have much perception. He had been infected by the sovereign himself, so he didn't know anything and didn't feel like he had been infected.
 Director Zhao was weaker than him and was infected by a Saint ... He must have felt the same way as him, that it was impossible.
 "If I put director Zhao here ... Some problems should be solved ... Not just him ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao's heart moved.
 Perhaps ... Some people had been infected, including the traitors of neo martial arts, and the bright star great Dao was against this force.
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Whoever was infected might be pulled into the bright star World to take a look.
 This might be the best way to judge.
 And some of the infected might not even know.
 Li Hao was a little scared. This power was very terrifying. If a large number of people were infected, they might betray him at a critical moment and be controlled by the other party.
  At that moment, Dao meridians appeared in his body.
 After devouring a lot of the power of great DAOs, Li Hao opened his apertures one by one. Many of his 360 Dao meridians appeared.
 After a short pause, Li Hao disappeared from the bright star sector.
 Yuan Shuo was still waiting anxiously.
 Li Hao's vision blurred, and he appeared.
 He was just about to speak when Li Hao said, follow me!
 With that, he grabbed Yuan Shuo and disappeared.
 In the blink of an eye, it was as if he had travelled through the universe. Yuan Shuo's heart trembled as he instantly appeared in the vast universe. The next moment, a force of lightning swept over. BOOM!
 He went straight for Yuan Shuo!
 Yuan Shuo shouted. Thinking that Li Hao had been infected, he roared and threw a punch at Li Hao.
 BOOM!
 With a loud noise, Li Hao reached out and grabbed the other party's fist. He laughed and said,""Teacher, I'm fine. It's you ... I've just been infected by the power of an expert, and some of it leaked out. You might have been infected too ... Wait for the baptism of the great Dao!"
 Yuan Shuo's heart skipped a beat. In the next moment, a powerful force descended and engulfed Yuan Shuo with a loud boom. A faint red mist appeared and was destroyed by countless forces in the blink of an eye.
 Yuan Shuo was shocked. How could this be?
 He didn't even touch this power, so how could he be infected?
 This was too terrifying!
 "That's a venerable sovereign level existence ... It's terrifying!"
 Seeing that the red energy had been destroyed, Li Hao heaved a sigh of relief. He smiled and said,""Teacher, try to absorb the remaining energy."
 Yuan Shuo's heart skipped a beat and he quickly absorbed it. In the next moment, his expression changed slightly, and suddenly, he was overjoyed,""This ... Is pure Dao Meridian power!"
 "Right!"
 Li Hao nodded.
 At this moment, the master and disciple looked at each other and seemed to understand each other's thoughts.
  "If you go in there a few more times, can you keep seducing the other party to infect you ..." Yuan Shuo said anxiously.  “……”
 Li Hao chuckled and nodded."It's possible, but the other party isn't stupid. It's fine once or twice, but if it's too many times ... There might be an accident, and the other party might sense it."
 "There's no hurry. There's still one more fellow, a Sage-level existence!"
 "The other party must not be as terrifying as venerable sovereigns ..."
 Li Hao thought to himself and suddenly laughed."The other party is a big fat sheep, I'm going to cut him clean! Teacher ... Perhaps ... There's a chance for us to deal with the ancient city's Saint!"
 At this point, he appeared instantly and pulled Yuan Shuo out.
 Yuan Shuo was also very excited at this moment. He had opened at least three or four apertures in an instant.
 It was too fast!
 ……
 This time, Li Hao didn't run slowly. Instead, he pulled Yuan Shuo and teleported, disappearing from where he was.
 On this side.
 Director Zhao was still depressed when Li Hao appeared. Director Zhao was about to explain that he was not affected and that it was all a misunderstanding. If he was affected, why would he reveal the news to old Zhou?
 Li Hao didn't trust him enough.
 Before he could speak, Li Hao said,""Director Zhao, go to Earth glory and ask them to help you transform and strengthen your body!"
 "This ..."
 "Go!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "It's not just you," he added."If you can, ask him if he can help transform many people. There are many Silver Moon martial masters and many powerful people ..."
 "You're joking!"
 Director Zhao said in a deep voice,"this is very dangerous. I'm strong and determined. That's why I wasn't affected too much!" If it was someone else ... If their heart wasn't strong enough, even hou Xiaochen or your master would be affected and become their slave!"
 He felt that Li Hao had gone crazy!
 In order to become stronger, he would do anything.
  If he went by himself, it would be because he had planned it for many years.
 He was prepared for everything!
 But the others ... If they went, wouldn't they just be courting death?
 Li Hao thought for a moment and looked at his teacher.""Teacher, the influence is too deep. It might be difficult to expel them, but since they've just reformed, they might be able to expel them completely. I don't know the details. If I go in, they might not reform me ... Teacher, you go with director Zhao. You ... Can be a test subject!"
 Yuan Shuo, on the other hand, had no objections and nodded,""Alright!"
 Li Hao looked at director Zhao and smiled,"I'll take a gamble!" I even dared to take out my teacher to gamble ... There's nothing to be afraid of. Just like what my teacher said, at this stage, who would be afraid of who?"
 “……”
 Director Zhao thought he was crazy!
 "Hurry up!" Li Hao said again,"now, immediately, hurry!"
 Director Zhao frowned."But ... No one can suppress me now ... If I complete the modification and walk out of the remains, even if it's you, even if you can suppress me, it might cause a lot of trouble."

 "It's fine. Even if I really can't suppress you, with senior Zhang ... Will you still be able to match a Sage?"
 “……”
 Director Zhao smiled bitterly,"I'm afraid that he'll kill me with one slap .."
 The neo martial artists must be very dissatisfied with the power of the invaders.
 "It's fine. Don't underestimate the magnanimity of a Saint. Be rational!"
 "I'll take care of everything,"Li Hao said with a smile.
 "Time is of the essence. Let's go now ... You guys go first. I'll go to Heavenly Star Town and call senior Zhang along. This is an opportunity, not a crisis!"
 Then, he looked at the others."You guys stay with director Zhao. Director Wang, keep an eye on him. Director Zhao might not be in a rational state right now."
 Director Zhao was speechless.
 He really didn't feel like he was being disturbed!
  He was still Zhao Shuguang!
 He felt that Li Hao had been too wary of him. He was a little displeased and angry. For Silver Moon and heavenstar, he had exhausted all his thoughts and disregarded everything.
 In the end, Li Hao became suspicious.
 It really made him unhappy!
 When he was protecting Silver Moon, Li Hao had not even been born yet.
 He frowned slightly but didn't say anything. He just felt ... Uncomfortable.
 Qian Wuliang's voice came to Li Hao's ears,""Director Zhao ... Seems to be a little unhappy with the governor."
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. He glanced at director Zhao. This ... Li Hao didn't doubt his sense of responsibility, nor did he doubt who he was colluding with. It was just that ... The other party might have been unknowingly infected.
 He was just being prepared. With director Zhao's personality, he shouldn't be unhappy and should even cooperate.
 As expected, this kind of influence was really subtle and terrifying.
 It magnified the desires in people's hearts!
 Was director Zhao the only one who had such influence?
 It was no wonder that many people knew the power of the new martial arts and the terror of the human King, but they still wanted to betray. Those traitors ... Including Sun Xin, the Vice commander of the star Army, had their desires constantly magnified.
 Otherwise, as neo martial artists, would they dare to betray?
 On the other hand, Ying Hongyue ... Through the power of the eight great families "bloodline, perhaps she had really offset some of the effects. Otherwise, the desire in her heart would have been magnified, and Ying Hongyue might not have been so rational.
 As these thoughts flashed through his mind, Li Hao sent a message to director Wang,""Keep an eye on director Zhao ... Be careful."
 After saying that, he soared into the air and disappeared.
 He wanted to ask Zhang an for help.
 This time, it was not to deal with the new martial artists, but to deal with the earth glory. Zhang an should not have any objections.
 The light of the earth ... Was very important!
 Li Hao quickly disappeared.
  ……  The ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 Zhang an was still in the remains. Usually, unless Li Hao gave him the divine character "Dao," he would not be able to get out. However, Li Hao could not keep giving it to him. Zhang an had to use it himself.
 When Li Hao appeared, Zhang an was a little surprised.
 "You ... You're back?"
 This time, Li Hao took many people with him, but not many neo martial artists. Except for those who had recovered their physical bodies, he brought almost no one. In fact, Zhang an knew what he was thinking.
 However, even though he knew, he did not mention anything about helping.
 He knew that Li Hao should have understood his thoughts.
 Li Hao smiled."Senior Zhang, don't worry. I'm not going to deal with neo martial arts 'main city. Even if I am ... I will deal with the city of betrayal!" "I believe that between you and me, between neo martial and silver Moon, we will reach an equilibrium sooner or later!"
 Zhang an hesitated, but Li Hao did not continue. He quickly said,""I'm going to deal with a Saint from the Crimson Moon world. Do you know about the Crimson Moon world, which is the world that fought against the neo martial world?"
 "The Crimson Moon?"
 Zhang an hesitated for a moment."I know about this, but that's not how we address each other. Back then, the origin world sent a message saying that senior Sun god had called each other the realm of desire!"
 The realm of desire!
 Li Hao nodded. This title was well-deserved.
 Sun god ... He also knew that sun god was the strongest expert in the early martial era, an existence that was not weaker than the human King. Last time, in heaven battling city, he had seen a conversation between several venerable sovereigns through these two words. The human King had said that sun god was injured ... It seemed that he had been injured by a strong master of this universe.
 Li Hao smiled."No matter what it's called ... Right now, in the place where it was first revived, the remains of Yushan Town, there's also an existence similar to the Crimson Moon expert we killed that day. Are you interested in making a move, senior?"
 Zhang an nodded and said in a deep voice,"that's for sure!" The origin world is to fight with the other party. The other party is the target of the new martial artists. If they know the other party's whereabouts, they will naturally kill him!"
 Li Hao didn't need to say anything. If he had discovered and judged the situation, he would have definitely killed the other party! This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "That's good!"
 "The appetizer ... Should taste good," Li Hao said with a smile.
 “……”
  Zhang an was speechless. This ... Was called an appetizer?
 "The other party ... Shouldn't be weak. To be able to activate recovery once, it means that he doesn't lack energy. He might even maintain the peak battle prowess of a Sage ..."
 "Senior is no match?"
 "Naturally, I won 't."
 "That's good!"
 Zhang an was speechless. Fine, there was nothing more to say.
 Li Hao gave him the divine character "Dao" again, and the two of them disappeared from Heavenly Star Town.
 With the battle prowess of the sun and moon, tearing space apart was no longer a difficult task.
 Soon, the two of them appeared in the Silver Moon land.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, found out their location through the transmission. He quickly disappeared and reappeared in a place not far from the crosscut Canyon.

 ……
 At this moment, director Zhao was being escorted by a few people to a small mountain unhappily.
 "Old Zhou ... I didn't expect that even you don't trust me anymore."
 Director Zhou smiled."I trust you. Old Zhao, don't misunderstand. It's all for your own good."
 "Go to hell!"
 Director Zhao was helpless. When he saw Li Hao and the others, he was even more helpless.
 Li Hao quickly arrived and said,"director Zhao, you go in first ... Ask if you can help more people with the transformation. You don't have to lie, just tell the truth. You don't have to try to deceive a Saint ... Just say that we want to attack the main city but are not strong enough and need to improve our strength. I can provide a large number of Silver Moon martial masters, and both sides can cooperate ..."
 "A Saint, and possibly a Saint at his peak. He might be able to help everyone become much stronger."
 As soon as he said that, Zhang an suddenly frowned.""This isn't right ... First, forcefully raising your strength might not be a good thing. Second, if the other party was really from the realm of desire, there might be some changes. "Thirdly ... Even for Saints, every time you strengthen someone else, it's a loss to yourself. Of course, if the other party has other goals, that's another matter. But if the other party agrees, that's what's truly terrifying. Consuming yourself, weakening yourself to improve you ... This means that the other party has greater intentions!"
 Li Hao nodded,"I know!" But ... Aren't you here, senior?"
  Zhang an was speechless!
 With me here, if your spirits were to be invaded, it would be very difficult for you to get rid of it.
 This was very troublesome!
 Li Hao ... What was he thinking?
 Director Zhao didn't say much. Since Li Hao insisted ... Then he would try.
 He waved his hand, and soon, a dark passage appeared in front of him. He looked at the crowd and said,""Now that you can send your clones out, you should all leave first ... Especially senior Zhang."
 Zhang an frowned slightly, but he didn't say anything and disappeared instantly.
 ……
 The remains of Yushan Town.
 The moment director Zhao stepped in, an ethereal voice sounded from afar,""You're here. "
 "Yes."
 "Senior, have you been out recently?" director Zhao asked.
 "No, I didn 't,"
 The next moment, a figure appeared. He was not wearing a red robe, but a green robe. He looked very refined and smiled. "What's the matter?"
 "Senior has great eyes!"
 "This time, Silver Moon has run into some trouble ..." Director Zhao quickly replied.
 He quickly explained the situation and said,""Therefore, the Li family's descendant, Li Hao, wants to attack a main city and seize it to prevent the second recovery from happening."
 Di Yao thought for a while, smiled, and nodded.""That makes sense, but it's very dangerous ..." He said.
 "It's very dangerous, so ..."
 Director Zhao hesitated for a while before saying,""I hope that senior can help us. I want to ... Forcefully strengthen my body and open up my aperture acupoints. Of course, I know that it will cause you great harm ..."
 Di Yao chuckled."It's not a big deal. You're not strong enough. Opening your apertures ... Is not a problem." But ... Shu Guang, you know what this means, don't you?"
 "I can't care anymore!" Director Zhao said in a low voice.
 "AI!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com A light sigh sounded. In the eyes of diyao, there was a red glow. He looked at director Zhao again. Director Zhao seemed to be in a daze. Diyao looked at him for a while and his spiritual force spread out. The red energy invaded his body.
 After a moment, he chuckled.
 Humans always liked to overestimate themselves.
 Zhao Shuguang's idea was not bad, but ... Could the eight direction seal formed by the eight great families really restrain his power?
 He had known about it a long time ago.
 But ... So what?
 This was interesting!
 As long as you still have desires, you can't escape the invasion of the Crimson Moon. You want to become stronger, you want to protect, you want to suppress all directions ... These are all desires!
 In front of a Saint ... None of this can escape the eyes of a Saint.
 Thinking about it, director Zhao struggled for a while and retracted his strength. Director Zhao didn't seem to feel anything and said,"Also, this time ... We hope to get more help from you, senior, to help us strengthen more powerhouses ... Of course, as a price, we will pay you a large number of divine power stones and spring of life. We won't let you work for free."
 "Sure ... But not too many people. Ten people." Earth glory smiled and nodded.
 Director Zhao was silent for a moment before nodding his head,"okay!."
 "Then Li Hao, do you need my help?" diyao asked.
  "This ... There's no need to trouble senior."  "You ... You're still on guard against me, why do you have to?"
 "You and I have been working together for many years. I'm not on the same side as those people. I have my own demands ..."
 "I understand!"
 Director Zhao didn't say much."Then I'll go find people ... When they're all here, senior ... Please help us modify it."
 "Sure."
 It's here!
 "Zhao Shuguang wasn't so anxious in the past," earth glory thought to himself."Maybe ... The other party feels that he can be restrained, so he is unscrupulous?"
 Your confidence ... Is really a little ridiculous.
 As long as his desire was not extinguished, the power of the Crimson Moon would not be extinguished!
 Therefore, since they had been infected, they couldn't escape, including Ying Hongyue. They also couldn't rely on the bloodline of the eight great families to escape. It was impossible.
 ……
 Soon, Li Hao received a message.
 10 people.
 The other party had actually limited the number of people. Wasn't it better to have more people?
 Or could it be that he knew that there was an expert outside who might have designs on him, so he consumed too much energy and felt that it would be dangerous?
 However, the other party seemed to be unable to control his own desires.
 Li Hao chuckled. Perhaps diyao knew that he was interested in him, so he was still willing to take the risk. As expected, people who control their desires also have desires.
 "Director Zhao, teacher, Qian Wuliang ..."
 Li Hao called out the names of the three people present and said,""Minister hou, Secretary Kong, and commander Yu, please bring them along. Also, bring uncle Hong, Lin Hongyu, Chen Zhongtian ..."
 After selecting 9 people, Li Hao thought for a moment and said,""Call me senior sky sword as well."
 Southern Fist and the others hadn't returned yet. It would be good to let these ten people go in and undergo transformation, even if they had to forcefully open dozens of acupuncture points.
 Forcefully opening an aperture was not that simple.
 In order to keep his physical body from breaking and his Dao meridians from becoming chaotic, he could not just forcefully open them. He needed to consume a huge amount of energy to maintain and strengthen them.
 In any case, Li Hao couldn 't.
 If he forced it open, his body would collapse.
 As for Zhang an, Li Hao didn't know if he could do it. He didn't have a physical body and his energy wasn't rich enough, so Li Hao didn't ask.
 Since a Saint was willing to help ... He didn't mind.
 After he came out, he could directly bring it to the bright star sector, and perhaps he could even get some wool.
 Li Hao laughed."You guys go in first. If there's no problem ... I'll let them in after they arrive!"
 The few of them didn't say much and quickly entered the ruins.
 Zhang an's voice rang in Li Hao's ears,""It's too risky!"
 "I know! But ... I have no other choice. "
 In the dark, Zhang an frowned.
 At this moment, it was not good to say anything.
 What could he say?
  According to his plan, he would just go in and kill the other party. But Li Hao didn't seem to think so.
 Yes, Li Hao didn't think so.
 He also had another idea ... After these people were done with their modifications, he would enter and fight them for three hundred rounds, constantly retreating and escaping. If he was defeated, he would come out and enter the bright star sector!
 He had exhausted his opponent's Crimson Moon Power again and again!
 What was the point of simply killing?
 Zhang an didn't know the beauty of the bright star Universe, so he just didn't understand.
 Li Hao didn't explain further. It wasn't necessarily a good thing to be too clear about certain things.
 At this moment, Li Hao was looking forward to it.
 In the ruins, Di Yao also revealed a smile. How interesting!
 That Li Hao ... He's very bold, but ... Do you really understand the Crimson Moon?

 The remains of Yushan Town.
 As director Zhao and the others entered, the glory of the earth appeared again. It was extremely gentle and looked harmless.
 The first time one came into contact with it, one could already feel that it was very friendly.
 "Junior Yuan Shuo!"
 "Junior Qian Wuliang!"
 "Greetings, senior!"
 The few of them were extremely polite.
 Diyao, on the other hand, did not look old. Instead, he looked very young. He had a gentle smile on his face. He looked at the few of them and nodded slightly."Not bad, not bad. To have such strength at such a young age is extraordinary. No matter what era it is, he would be a proud Son of Heaven."
 Then, he smiled."I don't know much about the neo martial Dao, and Shu Guang doesn't come often. The two of you have such achievements at such a young age, so obviously, you have a unique perception of the neo martial Dao. I wonder if the two of you ... Can have a chat so that we can make a foolproof plan for the future improvement."
 "Of course!" Qian Wuliang replied in a hurry. Since I need senior's help, how can I hide anything ..."
  Then, without waiting for the other two to speak, he quickly said,""The new martial way is now called the bright star way. The new humans cultivate the Dao Meridian ..."
 Qian Wuliang told him everything he knew. He was so polite that he was afraid that the other party wouldn't help him to improve. In the end, he even told him about the Super power Dao Meridian, the attribute-less Dao Meridian, and the 360 Dao Meridian forming a sword.
 Yuan Shuo and director Zhao both frowned.
 On the other hand, Di Yao smiled and exclaimed,""I didn't expect the neo martial way to be so terrifying. I know a thing or two about Shu Guang, but I didn't expect ... That it would only be one-tenth of the 36 Dao meridians, or even one-tenth of the attribute-less Dao meridians ... This new Dao is extraordinary. Perhaps it can even be compared to the neo martial art origin great Dao."
 Qian Wuliang smiled."Senior, you have the power of a Saint. It is said that even if you open 360 meridians, you might not be stronger than a Saint at the origin stage. If we compare ourselves with you, it would be like comparing a candle to the sun and the moon."
 "You can't say that, everything is difficult at the beginning ..."
 Diyao laughed and glanced at the other two. At this moment, both of them looked serious, apparently thinking that Qian Wuliang had said too much.
 Diyao, on the other hand, smiled and looked at Qian Wuliang.
 Among the three, this person was the weakest.
 In his heart, he had a vague idea that this person's desire was simply ... Beyond words!
 That kind of ambitious feeling was almost impossible to hide.
 As a Red Moon cultivator, he could sense these desires too well. They were so strong that he was a little surprised. He didn't know much about this man, but he knew Yuan Shuo. As for Qian Wuliang ... He wasn't famous, but he was so ambitious under Li Hao's command!
 Moreover, he was able to enter with Zhao Shuguang and Yuan Shuo. He was obviously Li Hao's trusted aide. But did Li Hao know how ambitious he was?
  At this moment, Yuan Shuo said,""Senior, it's our honor to have your help this time. This time, the governor has said that if you can open one Meridian for us, we will compensate you with ten million divine energy stones. If you open three meridians, it will be fifty million divine energy stones ..."  "If senior is willing to help, the star military governor's office and the Silver Moon martial arts world will not let senior suffer too much!" Yuan Shuo said in a deep voice. In addition, the governor had also said that if he could open more than five meridians, he would compensate senior with 5000 drops of spring of life! In other words, if I can open five meridians, I'll get fifty million divine power stones and five thousand drops of the spring of life!"
 As soon as this was said, even Earth glory couldn't help but raise his eyebrows slightly.
 What a big move!
 He was very clear about the current situation of the world. In that case, Hong Yi had indeed been killed.
 He felt a little heavy in his heart.
 He still couldn't be too careless!
 Even if red specter's body was damaged in the past, which he had not, and red specter's situation was unknown, and it was said that rose thorns had backstabbed him, it would still be troublesome for Li Hao's side to kill red specter.
 If it was just to kill Hong Yi, he was not afraid. He had one advantage over the other party, which was that he still had his physical body.
 As for Hong Yi, she did not have a physical body.
 He was afraid that it would be ... Very troublesome.
 Many thoughts flashed through his mind, but he couldn't suppress his desire to control these people. The chess pieces that were sent to his door were all geniuses of this era.
 10th place!
  On one hand, the restriction was to prevent himself from consuming too much energy. On the other hand, it was to allow Li Hao to carefully select some top geniuses to enter this place.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Countless thoughts flashed through his mind, and he chuckled,""Governor Li, you're too polite. There's no need for so much ..."
 "A favor is a favor," Yuan Shuo insisted. "Senior has paid the price, so how can we enjoy the benefits provided by senior in peace?" If we can advance to the middle stage of the sun Moon realm, everything will be worth it!"
 In the middle stage of the sun Moon realm, even if one was at the fourth stage of the sun Moon realm, one would still need to open at least 19 Dao meridians.
 As for the middle stage of the sun Moon realm, he could fight against some of the early stage of immortal realm experts who had fully recovered.
 The other party did not have the power of a great Dao, so this was all he could do.
 It might be slightly stronger, but it was still limited.
 Di Yao raised his eyebrows slightly. This requirement ... Was not low.
 Even someone as strong as Yuan Shuo had only opened 13 Dao meridians, and he had only just opened them. He could be considered to have barely entered the second stage of the sun Moon realm.
 He smiled and said softly,"I'll try my best. Opening the apertures is small, but according to you guys, it's actually not hard ... The hard part is that after opening the meridians, it's easy for the energy to backfire on you and shatter your body. Thus, while opening the meridians, you need to stabilize and strengthen your body ... This is very difficult."

