fileno%d
has even revived heaven battling city's locust tree. I suspect that heaven battling city has already decided to fully support him."
 Lin Hongyu paused for a long time before she continued,""Sir ... If I surrender to him ... What will happen?"
 “……”
 The Redwood tree was silent for a moment.
 Its original plan was to spread the news and let the monster plants in star ancient town kill Li Hao. However, Lin Hongyu said that Li Hao might not care. At most, he would not enter the remains. If he did not enter, who could kill Li Hao in the outside world before the second revival?
 On the other hand, once the news was leaked, monsters like them, who were alone in the ruins, would be the most dangerous. They were isolated and helpless. In the past, they thought that it was a good place to stay.
 But now, he felt like he was in a cage.
 Once an expert who could kill them appeared in the outside world, they would have no place to run. If they ran out, they would be shattered by the space. If they didn't run, they could only endure it.
 "To join Li Hao ..."
 The Redwood pondered over the pros and cons in its heart. The good thing was that the danger was greatly reduced, but the bad thing was that Li Hao was not supported by it. Behind him stood heaven battling city, and ... There might be other monster plants.
  This was because Li Hao had been providing people with the spring of life for a long time. Before that, general Huai had not recovered.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Of course, it was possible that the other auxiliary monster plants of heaven battling city had recovered.
 In any case, it meant that Li Hao had more than one monster plant behind him.
 If they sought refuge with Li Hao, they would only be able to stay behind.
 And there was another point ... Their target was the experts in the central continent.
 It was the legacy of the Silvermoon expert.
 It was still thinking when Lin Hongyu spoke,""Milord, we need to make a decision as soon as possible! Otherwise ... Once Li Hao was free, the city of superpowers would be his first target, and the Lin family would be his top priority! I was still thinking, if Li Hao is so powerful, what about the others?"
 "Is he the only one who can fight against all seven of them?"
 ? "The 12 families in the city of supers had set their sights on becoming a Holy Land for cultivation in the new era, just like Starfall city. I thought I could do it, but I realized that there were too many powerhouses from Silver Moon ... It was impossible to make it a Holy Land ..."
 Star suppression city.
 It was said that the Holy Land of the new martial era had produced countless experts, and there was more than one venerable sovereign.
 It was not just one of them. Some of them, even if they had reached the extreme, were extremely powerful even among venerable sovereigns, and any one of them could easily destroy Silver Moon.
 But now ... With Li Hao's rapid rise, Lin Hongyu had already felt bad. Now that she had met Li Hao, she felt even more complicated.
 He couldn't fight!
 Outside, he couldn't win against him.
 If they entered the remains ... They might still not be able to defeat him.  Lin Hongyu continued,"the other 11 organizations in the city wanted to replace me. They said that it was a cooperation but in the end, all 11 of them wanted to interfere with the operation of the city. It's not just them, even the Lin family isn't completely obedient ..."
 For an ancient martial arts family like the Lin family, the rapid rise of a woman made many people uncomfortable.
 It was just that she was too powerful and suppressed these dissatisfaction.
 However, the other 11 families also had experts.
 Perhaps they might not be her match alone, but if they worked together, she would not be able to match them. Furthermore, almost all of them had the support of ancient Fey plants or ancient Fey beasts.
 The support of the demon beasts was not as good as the support of the demon plants.
 Although demonic beasts could not provide the spring of life, ancient demonic beasts were extremely powerful.
 Lin Hongyu suddenly felt a little dejected.
 Previously, she was still confident that if she was given some more time, she would have already contacted the two great divine mountains, the Jade flute and the setting sun. If the three great forces joined forces, she would dare to fight even if Ying Hongyue and the others had entered the seven elements.
 However, Li Hao had entered the seven elements ... She was terrified.
 Ying Hongyue and the others all had their own plans, so they wouldn't act so rashly or crazily. In reality, Li Hao was much crazier than the three great organizations. He would kill anyone who didn't get along with him with one word!
 I will not give you any time!
 For example, if they had met him on the way here, Ying Hongyue and the others might not have made a move. They might have talked about cooperation or just chatted for a while. Who would make a move just because of a disagreement?
 However, Li Hao ... Directly attacked!
 He didn't care about your background. The enmity between them wasn't as big as he thought. After all, the city of superpowers only suffered losses and didn't cause any harm to Li Hao.
  The Redwood tree also considered for a long time, and finally sighed,""You can try."
 Yes, it compromised.
 When it guessed that the monster plant behind the HU family had died, it actually knew that it was in great danger.
 Unless the second recovery began, Li Hao could no longer be restrained.
 Lin Hongyu was silent for a while before she said slowly,""He wants to take down SuperPower City, but it does not belong to me alone. There are millions of supers in the city, and there are all kinds of people ... I can't make the decision to take down SuperPower City alone."
 She thought for a while and said,"Li Hao might want a complete SuperPower City, not millions of supers who have fled in all directions and brought chaos to the world! If anything happens to the city, it will be easy for the supers to escape ..."
 "Only by suppressing the other 11 families, including the Lin family's old fogeys, and pacifying the supers in the city, can we have a chance to preserve the entire SuperPower City ..."
 The Redwood was a little surprised.
 "You ... Want to ... Show your loyalty?"
 Lin Hongyu sighed and said,"what else?" Did Li Hao care about someone at the peak of six elements? Did he only want a six-elemental? He wasn't even willing to cooperate, and instead submitted ... Otherwise, why would Li Hao not cooperate with the monster plant behind the HU clan, but kill it instead?"

 The Redwood tree was stunned.
 It had never thought about this before!
 At this moment, he suddenly came back to his senses. So that was the case.
 That person actually wanted to submit.
 It seemed to be a little angry."In the neo martial era, there are countless powerhouses. We're sincerely convinced to submit to neo martial. He's just a young boy, and he wants us to submit ..."
 This was probably the thought of all the powerhouses from the ancient civilization.
 Surrender?
 What kind of strength did Li Hao have?
 Did he have the right to make people submit to him?
 "My Lord, this is not neo martial!" Lin Hongyu said calmly.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Now, it was the star origin calendar.
 As for Li Hao, he's not too strong. In a one-on-one fight, any of the surviving ancient Fey plants and ancient Fey beasts can kill Li Hao.
 But ... So what?
 At this moment, Lin Hongyu was completely awake. She looked at the crazy redwood tree and said slowly,""Unless you have the confidence to quickly start a second recovery, this world might be ruled by the Li family!"
 Li!
 As soon as these words came out, the Redwood tree was like a ball that had been poked. After a long time, it said in frustration,""Li ... That's not unacceptable. It was li back then, and it's still li now ..."
 It seemed to be acceptable.
 There was no other reason other than his identity.
 The Li family descendant.
 Back then, Silver moon's surname was also li. Even though the new martial's surname was Fang, Silver moon's surname was li. This was something that the human King would not refute. This place was practically the Li family's fief. Of course, this would not be said to the public.
 This was also to compensate the sword Saint.
 As for why he was compensating the sword Saint, he did not know.
 Of course, there was also a saying that the path of the revered sword was rugged. The human King hoped that the revered sword could go one step further and enter the realm of true invincibility. He gave this small world to the revered sword in the hope that the revered sword could open up an inner world and make up for some of his shortcomings.
 As for the details, the bottom-level people were not clear.
 But now, the sword Saint had disappeared and the Stargate was closed.
 It seemed like it was possible for the Li family descendant to rule the Silver Moon world again.
 "Hongyu, what are you going to do?"
 Lin Hongyu thought for a while and said,"the world is in chaos and SuperPower City is unstable. I think ... We should hold a joint meeting of the twelve families!" Not only that, the powerful cultivators in the city could also participate! I want to form a new council of cabinet elders! "Anyone who is powerful can participate and use their strength to win others over. The cabinet Elder Council will take in 20 powerhouses ... Sir, do you think that the powerhouses of the 12 aristocratic families will all participate? Will all the wandering cultivators in the city participate?"
 "You ... Really want to capture them all in one go ... But ... Can you suppress them?"
 "I'm looking for ... Li Hao!"
 Lin Hongyu's face turned pale again at the thought of what had just happened. She had almost been killed by Li Hao. She had never been so scared.
  The other party was so cold, so indifferent to everything.  The look in his eyes was frightening.
 "He might not care about me, but if a million superpowers were to escape, it would be a huge problem. No matter how strong he is, he can't split himself into a million to put out fires everywhere. If that happens, the world will be in complete chaos! The city of superpowers is still useful. At least a million superpowers are gathered in one place, not everywhere ... Whether Li Hao wants to be King or Emperor ... A complete star dynasty is what he wants. "
 Otherwise, with Silver moon's group's strength, they might have been able to directly take down any of the nine divisions, but Li Hao had never really done so.
 A few times, it was only a passive counterattack.
 The Redwood saw that she had made a decision and did not say anything more.
 Lin Hongyu was very talented and had many tricks up her sleeve.
 Otherwise, how could he defeat the other 11 superpowers and become the city Lord at the age of 30?
 However, the Redwood tree did not expect the other party to be so decisive.
 It had not expected that the genius who had been so determined to establish a Holy Land would give up his dream and join Li Hao's side after one failure.
 There were many powerhouses in SuperPower City and there were many powerhouses in the 12 clans.
 It was not easy to lay such a Foundation. Strictly speaking, it might have a better chance of winning than the imperial family of the nine divisions.
 Of course, there were also many internal problems.
 However, giving up just like that was still very unexpected.
 ……
 Li Hao naturally didn't know about the discussion going on in the Lin family's Secret place.
 He had never thought that a major power would join his side.
 Li Hao didn't even care about the inspection Office.
 Even though they had agreed that Li Hao would work for the inspector after he dealt with the monster plant in the HU family's remains, and Chen Zhongtian had even expressed his intention, Li Hao ignored him.
 Li Hao was still somewhat influenced by the ancient kings.
 He still couldn't forget the scene he saw that day.
  "I told you to kill yourself, but you didn 'T. You just want to waste my energy. Then I'll kill them all ..."
 Yes, this conversation was unforgettable for Li Hao.
 What did he mean by 'take in' and 'suppress'?
 He directly asked them to kill themselves. If they didn 't, he would have killed all of them.
 Such dominance, such baleful Qi, it was simply unparalleled.
 Therefore, Li Hao had some ideas about the city of supers. He wanted to kill all the leaders and capture the supers under them for farming. Li Hao thought it was a good idea.
 Those who resisted were all killed.
 As for if the other party had really surrendered ... Well, he was just casually saying it.
 In Li Hao's eyes, the other party was still very powerful.
 A million supers, 12 aristocratic families, and many monster plants. It was obvious that they wanted to fight for power. It was a joke for him to ask Lin Hongyu to surrender in 10 days. Even if Lin Hongyu agreed, the 12 aristocratic families would not.

 It was because there were too many people that Li Hao did not attack the city of supers. He did not even set any rules.
 And now, his target was Fengyun Pavilion.
 The treasures of Fengyun Pavilion, which could detect one's strength, were what he needed urgently.
 ……
 After wandering around Silver Moon for two days, Li Hao returned to heaven battling city on the third day.
 However, it was not just for the spring of life.
 After greeting general Huai, Li Hao went to the city gate. The last time he came, he was too weak to comprehend the two characters "Zhan Tian." This time, he wanted to take advantage of the rare opportunity to comprehend them again.
 Above the city gate, the two large words were still dim.
 Li Hao forced out a drop of blood and fused it with the two words "Zhan Tian."
 The apparitions of general Huai and the old turtle appeared. This time, even the ninth Division commander appeared and looked at Li Hao from a distance.
  The old turtle was surprised, but he didn't say anything.
 The first time, Li Hao had been very careful, and no one had sensed anything.
 This time, Li Hao was comprehending the two words openly.
 General Huai was also surprised."Those are the words left by the venerable sovereign. Is he trying to comprehend them?"
 The old turtle thought for a moment."Maybe," he said slowly."Tell me, did the venerable sovereign leave something behind in these two words?"
 No one knew.
 It should be known that for heaven battling city, these two words were very sacred. Even in the past, the Wang family of heaven battling city didn't dare to casually touch these two words, as the most Supreme thing in heaven battling city was actually these two words.
 It was the ink left behind by the blood Emperor when he was here.
 When the eight great families 'main cities were established, the Li family's side was filled with distinguished guests. Although the Wang family had some relationship with the venerable blood Emperor, their relationship was a little distant. No one had expected that the venerable blood Emperor would come in person and even give the city the name of heaven battling. From then on, heaven battling city had become a true city of the venerable blood Emperor's direct descendants.
 If Li Hao had dared to touch this word in the past, he would have been crippled even if he was a member of the Li family and not the son of the sword venerable.
 But today, things were different.
 The Li family people were still there, the Wang family people, and only director Wang, this branch family, was still there. That guy was also watching from afar, but he didn't seem to have the intention of chasing them away.
 If he didn't care, general Huai and the others wouldn't care either.
 ……
 Li Hao didn't know what they were thinking.
  At this moment, his blood fused with the word, and the word once again turned into an illusion.  This time, the scene they saw was different.
 This time, there seemed to be more than one person.
 One of them carried a longbow and a bloody saber. Li Hao had seen him before. Although he couldn't see his face clearly, he knew that this was the venerable sovereign behind heaven battling city. He seemed to be called the blood Emperor.
 And there was more than one person here. There seemed to be quite a number of people.
 The blood Emperor was only one of them.
 Li Hao turned his head and looked in another direction. There seemed to be a sword intent quivering there. His heart stirred. The sword intent that could destroy everything reminded him of someone ... His ancestor, the sword venerable of the Li family!
 Another person's spear intent reached the heavens, as if it could tear the world apart at any time. Li Hao's heart trembled. It felt like the soul-splitting spear intent, but it was extremely powerful. Perhaps it was the founder of hou Xiaochen's spear technique.
 There was another person who could feel the immense pressure even after so many eras. However, he wasn't sitting at the head of the table. Instead, he was sitting below the blood Emperor. He felt that his physical body was so strong that it could even crush the space. Who was this?
 On the top seat, there was a faint shadow that didn't give off that much pressure.
 There were only five people.
 But these five people made Li Hao's heart palpitate.
 These were all venerable sovereigns?
 The person above was the ancient king, right?
 What are these people doing here?
  Could it bring him any enlightenment?
 He couldn't see their faces clearly, but he could vaguely see some decorations, such as ... The long sword that might be the starry sky sword. It was being suppressed by the sword venerable, as if it could slash out at any time.
 At this moment, Li Hao heard a voice that seemed to come from the distant past. It was the voice of the human King.
 "If people don't offend me, I won't offend them! The vastness of the universe is not what I love! I don't want to travel far and do that long journey. In the universe, I can easily walk for hundreds or thousands of years. When I turn around and look back, a thousand years have passed and the world has changed!"
 "I'm not the sun god and I want to travel the universe. However, these rulers of the heavens and earth have gone too far. They dare to invade my territory and bully me! I'm a kind person, and I hate killing people ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao seemed to have sensed something. The people below were in an uproar.
 The human King above seemed to be extremely dissatisfied.""Is that wrong? I'm a good man, forced to kill, my heart is kind, heaven and earth can bear witness! "I just wanted to raise my cat and walk my dog in peace, but the heavens didn't grant my wish. The sun god returned with serious injuries and told me that the enemy's Army had crossed the void and was coming to take my yin-yang world. I won't be polite either. I'll send my troops to conquer the greater world today!" The four venerable sovereigns, from today on, summon the Army and train it day and night. Follow me to kill all the strong enemies, cross the universe, break into their nests, destroy the firmament, destroy the seeds, seize power, and sweep across the universe. Let those guys know that they can mess with anyone but me!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Killing intent filled the air!
 Li Hao only felt muddleheaded and a little dazed.
 The sword-wielding expert, perhaps their patriarch, said in a loud and clear voice,"then kill them all!" I'll immediately head to the Silver Moon land to train the Silver Moon Army and set off with the Army ..."

 "When the Silver Moon is unstable, the heavens and earth are just formed. Build a city!"
 “……”
 Without any hesitation, the powerhouses started to discuss how to cross the universe, destroy the enemy, kill their way into the enemy's nest, and seize the so-called seed power.
 Li Hao didn't understand, but he got the general idea.
 This group of vicious people seemed to be actively trying to start a world-ending battle. This was because the enemy wanted to invade, but before they even arrived, these people were already discussing how to fight back and destroy the enemy in the chaosverse. Then, they would follow the direction in which they were invading and kill their way back!
 Li Hao's mind was muddled. Gradually, the voices became softer and softer, and the people disappeared.
 After a long time, another person appeared in front of him.
 It was the venerable sovereign who had given heaven battling city the name.
 At this moment, the venerable sovereign seemed to have changed his location. After a while, another person appeared beside him. It was the Li family's sword venerable.
 "Teacher li, although we're not afraid of anything when crossing the universe ... Once we leave the yin-yang world, the void will become chaotic, and it's easy for unforeseen circumstances to occur. Especially the land of Silver Moon, it's inextricably linked to the origin world, and it's easy to completely separate from it and take away its world power ..."
  "I know. You mean ... Cut off the connection?" venerable the sword was silent for a while.
 "Yes and no. I hope that teacher Li can take the Silver Moon into his inner world and make it his own. I know that teacher li is worried about taking away the power of the world and weakening them, but he doesn't care. Otherwise, he wouldn't have allowed teacher li to keep suppressing the Silver Moon land ..."
 "I'll consider it!"
 "Yes, I know that teacher li has his own thoughts, but ... You should think about it!"
 Before Li Hao could understand, the scene changed again.
 It was the same blood Emperor. At this moment, he seemed to have appeared in a place that Li Hao was familiar with-Silver Moon!
 However, it was slightly different from the Silver Moon in his memory.
 The other party stood in the void, looking down at the world.
 "Use the universe formation to suppress the Silver Moon. This is to prevent self-consciousness from forming in this place and becoming the next seed world ... Breaking away from the control of the origin world!"
 The blood Emperor muttered to himself. The next moment, Li Hao's vision blurred.
 He saw the other party draw his saber and suddenly slash down!
 The sky and earth cracked, and cracks appeared between the sky and the earth. The entire Silver Moon was cut into eight pieces.
 Under Li Hao's incredulous gaze, the Silver Moon, which had been cut apart, was restored to its original state under the other party's complicated control.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had nothing in his eyes.
 There was only that infinitely powerful blade!
 With one slash, the world split apart, and the Silver Moon was cut into eight pieces. It was unbelievably terrifying. The enemy seemed to have left something on the eight continents. Li Hao didn't see it, but he saw the Silver Moon close up again.
 At this moment, Li Hao was extremely stunned.
  This ... Was a venerable sovereign?  With one slash, the heavens and earth split apart. Although he had seen his ancestor's sword earlier and it seemed to tear the universe apart ... That was just a feeling.
 This person had really cut open the Silver Moon with a single slash!
 It was unbelievable!
 The powerful saber intent, the boundless qi and blood ... The world that had shattered and then instantly closed left Li Hao dumbfounded.
 The strength that he was so proud of suddenly felt like nothing at this moment.
 At this moment, the blood Emperor suddenly turned his head, as if he was looking at Li Hao, but also as if he was just looking at him casually. He sighed."The greater universe is peaceful in its own corner. After fighting for many years, another dispute will arise ... Neo martial artists are not afraid of any war ... But ... Peace has been broken again. You were born from the loss of power in neo martial arts, and you were unwilling to kill more. I'll use the universe formation to suppress it. If the formation breaks ... And you leave the origin world, then you're on your own!"
 He didn't know who he was talking to, and Li Hao was also in a daze. In an instant, the illusion disappeared.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao's body was covered in sweat, and his eyes were blank.
 After an unknown amount of time, Li Hao opened his eyes and saw a few old faces and a golden armor. He said nothing and just looked at them, as if he was completely dumbfounded.
 "What's wrong with him?"
 "His soul has been severely injured. Did he see the venerable sovereign's attack and was scared silly?"
 "Maybe!"
 "Then what should we do? Do we need to care?"
 “……”
 The few of them chimed in, and the ninth master suddenly said,""His heart is so fragile that he can't be trained. The new recruit camp is about to recover its function. Throw him into the new recruit training camp and lock him up for a year or two. He'll be a good soldier when he comes out!"
 "Don 't!"
  Li Hao instantly sobered up. At this moment, he was still in shock, unable to get over the scene just now. He couldn't help but say,""Are venerable sovereigns ... Very strong?"
 “……”
 The few of them looked at him as if he was an idiot.
 After a long time, the old turtle said softly,'quite strong ... Yes, quite strong! He's only stronger than us ..."
 It calculated and said,"a little stronger. Above the Saint is the Heavenly King. There are many levels of Heavenly King. Above the Heavenly King is the ancient Emperor ... Well, even the worst venerable sovereign has reached this level. Above that, it's not something we can understand ... Just blow a breath, and you'll probably ... Probably be gone. More or less!"
 The ninth master said coldly,"with his weak body, does he need the venerable sovereign to blow at him?" Even a Saint can blow him to death!"
 “……”
 Li Hao smiled bitterly.
 "Did you see the venerable sovereign?" general Huai was curious.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and nodded."Yes, I saw them. Not just one. Many!"

 Their expressions changed slightly.
 The old turtle was also confused."You can see venerable sovereigns. And there are several of them. It's very strange!"
 Li Hao was silent for a while. Then he said,"I heard them discussing. It seems that they are going to send troops to attack a certain place. Did this happen before heaven battling city was established?"
 The old turtle shook his head.
 It wasn't too sure.
 "I've heard of such a thing," the ninth Division commander said."Silver Moon is also one of the training grounds for the Army. It's for the purpose of sending troops to conquer! There were already some small-scale battles at the front line, and the training had officially begun! As for the rest, it's not something that we low-level generals can know. "
 A low-level general!
 After a moment of silence, Li Hao asked again, how big is the universe?
 "I don't know,"
 The ninth Division commander shook his head,"infinite!" It was endless! If you want to ask for the details, no one knows, not even the human King. A single step into chaos could change the world for a thousand years. No one was willing to leave their own universe unless they had no other choice. In this world, only time is the most terrifying. The reversal of time and the disappearance of new martial arts may be related to this ... One step out and one leaves one's own universe may mean the passing of tens of millions of years ..."
  Li Hao was a little muddleheaded. A moment later, he said,""Is the Silver Moon ... Very important?"
 The few of them shook their heads. It was unknown if they didn't want to say or if they didn't know.
 Li Hao took a deep breath and closed his eyes without asking any more questions.
 A moment later, a faint saber intent appeared on his body. The few of them were slightly stunned. What ... What was this?
 As for Li Hao, the scene of that blade kept reverberating in his mind.
 With one slash, the world split open.
 This was a true expert!
 Compared to them, he was too weak and insignificant. In Li Hao's eyes, he was so huge that he couldn't even fly across the world. But in the eyes of some people, he was just a pellet. With a slash of his knife, he could cut the continent into pieces!
 He could vaguely understand what was going on. In addition, the sapling had mentioned some things to him before. He knew that the Silver Moon seemed to be a new world born from the loss of power in the new Martial Master world.
 The human Emperor allowed the Li family to guard this place as if he wanted to gift the New World to the Li family's ancestor, the sword Saint, so that he could make up for some of his flaws.
 However, his ancestor didn't seem to be willing. The blood Emperor even tried to persuade him because taking away the New World might weaken the power of the origin world.
 In any case, it was too complicated and high-end.
 However, Li Hao remembered one thing.
 This place was given to the Li family by the ancient king, and the Li family's place is actually mine.
 Does this mean that this world is actually mine?
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 He finally sorted out the clues.
 In this world, feelings belonged to the Li family!
 So, I've always been the master of this world. No wonder I feel so close to the Silver Moon, and no wonder I feel so bad when I see the humans suffer. So ... This is my home's territory!
 He didn't want to think about anything else.
 It was too complicated!
 Now that the Li family's ancestor, the sword Master, has disappeared and the land of Silver Moon is in chaos, it's time for me to set things right!
 This time, Li Hao's confidence and belief were strengthened.
 Of course, this was not the main point. The main point was that he seemed to have strengthened some of the superpower locks. Some of the superpower locks in his body seemed to have been stimulated and strengthened.
 Not only that, at this moment, superpower locks appeared on each of the heads, and they were sharp.
 Li Hao did not absorb the spring of life, but the illusion seemed to have stimulated him and strengthened some of his superpower locks.
 After an unknown amount of time.
 Li Hao opened his eyes again. They were still there. Li Hao took a deep breath."Silver Moon is from the Li family!"
 “……”
 The few of them looked at him in a daze.
 "That's why ..." Li Hao continued."I'll take back the Li family's property!"
 “……”
 The few of them were stunned. What the hell?
 The ninth Division commander was very calm. He said,""The strong say this because they are confident! You're being arrogant by saying this! Don't think too highly of yourself. "
 Li Hao nodded,"I know!" However, one must have dreams. If one doesn't even have a goal, what's the difference between one and a salted fish?"
 He laughed."These two words are very interesting. It's as if the venerable sovereign has bestowed some emotions into them. I can always see some things that broaden my horizons. It's just that it's too high and mighty, a little far from me."
 The old turtle nodded."Of course. This venerable sovereign is one of the top venerable sovereigns."
 "Huh?" Li Hao was curious."Was my ancestor in the top five of the ancient civilizations?"
 “……”
 The crowd did not speak and looked around.
 Could he?
  Who knows?  However, the probability ... Was unlikely, right?
 The Li family's sword was indeed powerful.
 However, there were too many powerful people in that era.
 Seeing this, Li Hao was a little speechless. He understood. Probably not. Otherwise, these people wouldn't have such an attitude.
 He actually couldn't even get into the top five. Was his ancestor that miserable?
 "What about the top ten?"
 The few of them still did not say a word. Who knew?
 He counted, maybe ... He couldn 't.
 Li Hao rolled his eyes.
 The ninth Division commander said in a deep voice,"what's the point of thinking about all this?" You've already stayed here for three days. Adding on the three days before, it's a total of six days. Aren't you busy?"
 Six days!
 "I've been cultivating here for three days?"Li Hao was stunned.
 Nonsense!
 "Of course!"
 Li Hao was shocked. It had been six days. It was a long time.
 "Then I have to go now, general Huai, my spring of life ..."
 General Huai didn't say much and handed him a huge water tank.
 Li Hao took it and scanned it with his divine will. There were about 10000 drops.
 This was probably the most water from the spring of life he had ever seen. The last time he killed the coconut tree, it was only about 5000 drops.
 "Many thanks, general!"
 After saying that, Li Hao stood up."Seniors, I'll take my leave first. There are still many things waiting for me outside."
 Seeing that he was about to leave in a hurry, the ninth Division commander seemed a little unhappy and said in a low voice,""You have to be calm when you do things. Even if you see something, you don't have to care, it has nothing to do with you. The world of the strong is still far from you, and ... Don't give up on sword power. You have to know that in this world, the sword is the master!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. The sword was the master!
 The master of the master?
 "Many thanks, ninth master!"
 Then, Li Hao disappeared.
 Ninth master?
 The ninth Division commander was stunned for a moment. Adding nine meant something different. This kid was talking to him as someone of the same rank.
 He was the eleventh Division commander, and he was the ninth Division commander. He was just short of saying,"we're of the same rank, so we should be more polite to each other in the future."
 The ninth master was speechless.
 After a long time, he snorted.
 "What can he see in the venerable sovereign's words?" he asked in a deep voice after the man had left."Why?"
 It was a little strange!
 "Maybe the venerable sovereign deliberately showed it to him?"
 The old turtle smiled."If you don't want to show it to others, no one can see it. If you want to show it to others, perhaps they will see it ... Ever since the venerable sword took over this world, no consciousness has been born. But since the venerable sword left ... So much time has passed. No one can say for sure. Li Hao ... Has he gained some power of the world and seen his new magical ability?"
 The ninth Division commander was slightly stunned. After a long while, he said,""I see, I understand! The sword Saint has been gone for too long and the formation is broken. Is a new Dao going to be born in this world?"
 "Maybe!"
 "No wonder!"
 The ninth Division commander suddenly laughed."This is a good time. The human race of the new era may have a powerful cultivator. If the old doesn't go, the new won't come." Without the suppression of neo martial, perhaps the world is going to change. "
 "Yeah, but it doesn't matter. It has nothing to do with us."
  The few of them didn't say anything. It didn't have much to do with them. They didn't belong to this era.
 Li Hao could see that it was probably because of the appearance of a new divine ability.
 However, from Li Hao's words, he seemed to have seen something before.
 Could it be that this fellow had the intention of having his destiny placed on him long ago?
 The ninth Division commander thought to himself, feeling a little jealous.""The Li family's inheritors for countless generations, not the direct descendants. This kid, did he forget this?"
 The old turtle and Huai Shu didn't say anything. Huai Shu said,""I'm going to absorb some of the world's energy and see if I can restore heaven battling city ... Don't disturb me for the time being!"
 With that, he disappeared.
 The old turtle also disappeared.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The ninth Division commander looked into the distance. After a long time, he sighed.
 Li Hao, Li Hao ... Don't be too complacent. You're still far from it. The opening of the Stargate is perhaps your greatest danger.

 North Sea.
 Li Hao flew over the North Sea, which was already frozen.
 The North was too cold.
 Out of the four Seas, only the North Sea was completely frozen. It stretched for thousands of miles, but it was still frozen. It could be seen how cold it was this year.
 Not only that, even though it was so cold, there were still people walking on the ice.
 Escape from the North to the central region.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Even though Silver Moon had already begun to accept the refugees ... It was like a cup of water on a burning cart of firewood.
 The North was in turmoil.
 There were more than a million refugees.
 Even if silver Moon accepted a million or even a few million ... It was still far from enough.
  Li Hao looked at the North Sea and thought that if there were a million superpowers, they could control the weather. Although it was against the rules of nature, at least not many people would freeze to death in the winter.
 At this moment, Li Hao merged the five elements divine runes into the void. He wanted to expel some of the coldness, but he gave up after seeing so many people on the ice.
 Once the ice melted, it would be a big problem.
 It was difficult to change all of this by himself. He was not the blood Emperor who could split the sky and earth with a single blade.
 At this moment, Li Hao actually saw a familiar face on the ice.
 He was a little surprised, but also a little taken for granted.
 Lu Chuan.
 The last time he came back, he had met the Starlight master who was transporting the refugees. However, his strength seemed to have improved recently, and he had a vague feeling that he could step into the dark Moon realm.
 At this moment, this person was freezing some of the broken sea.
 The Pirates of the North Sea had a hard time this winter.
 In addition to Silver moon's strength, many of the Pirates of the North Sea had fled after the King of the North Sea was killed. Some of them had chosen to hide in their caves. The White shark pirate that Li Hao had always wanted to kill seemed to have disappeared from the North Sea recently.
 ……
 Lu Chuan was freezing the sea.
 Suddenly, a person appeared in front of him.
 Looking closely, wasn't that the person he had met last time?
 Information was still underdeveloped in the current dynasty. The higher-ups could recognize an expert like Li Hao with a single glance, even if they had never seen him.
 Official organizations such as the inspector Bureau and the night patrolman also had Li Hao's photo.
 The common folk might know Li Hao's name, but it was difficult to know his appearance.
 "My Lord ... You've come to view the scenery again?"  Lu Chuan felt a little more at ease when they met for the second time. Last time, he had been worried that Li Hao would do something, but he had not.
 Li Hao smiled and shook his head. How have you been?"
 "Me?"
 Lu Chuan was a little confused, but he still smiled and said,""It's good. It's better than before. There used to be more Pirates from the North Sea, but there have been fewer recently. There was unrest all over the place before, but as the weather turned cold, the unrest lessened. Over at stellarsky city, the stellarsky governor's office was established to kill all the supers who caused trouble. Now, even supers are much more low-key ... As long as the stellarsky governor's office doesn't fall, it'll probably be quiet for a while. "
 There was still an impact.
 Although Li Hao hadn't officially begun to clean up the rebellious superpowers, the inspection offices and night patrols in various places had increased their patrols. After all, they had a new master. Although the inspection Office hadn't changed yet, it had issued many orders recently.
 Along with that, the troops stationed in various places received orders from the military law Division to restrict their troops and not cause trouble.
 The military law Department also didn't want Li Hao to make a fuss over something that happened to the Army, giving Li Hao the space to find fault.
 Therefore, Lu Chuan and the others could clearly feel it.
 There were still some changes!
 However, as the unrest in the three northern provinces continued, no one paid any attention to Li Hao. Otherwise, there wouldn't be people fleeing to foreign lands in such weather.
 "So, the existence of the star military governor's office still has some use?"
 Lu Chuan laughed."Of course. You might not know this, but there was no one to restrict the supers in the past. Although the night patrolmen were here, they did not have the confidence to provoke those supers. Now, the night patrolmen have the confidence to do so. Although the Heavenly Star military governor's office has not completed the official reform, ordinary organizations and supers no longer dare to provoke the night patrolmen. They are afraid of giving the Heavenly Star military governor a chance ..."
 With that, he glanced at Li Hao. He didn't know whether Li Hao was good or bad, whether he was on the star military governor's side or on the side of other forces.
 However, the other party seemed to be a Silvermoon person, and there was a high chance that he was on the star military governor's side.
 Li Hao nodded.
 He looked at the refugees around him and said,""Hasn't Silver Moon started accepting refugees from the three northern provinces? Why are we still going south?"
 Lu Chuan sighed."Silver Moon is accepting refugees from the outside world, and quite a number of people have rushed over. However, Silver Moon is also living in a bitter cold place. How many people can he support? Moreover, the Linjiang Prefecture is full of bandits and is in a mess ... It's not as safe as the North Sea. "
  Linjiang Prefecture again!
 Li Hao frowned slightly. What kind of guts did a small Linjiang province have to cause trouble again and again?
 Fan Chang had only undergone a mere transformation that day.
 Even now, after he had stepped into the divine power realm, would he still dare to cause trouble for Silver Moon after he revealed his strength?
 As for what the other party said about the bandits running rampant in Linjiang, Li Hao felt that it was intentional. How could Linjiang not be able to deal with some bandits?
 It must be noted that Li Hao regarded Heavenly Star as his territory.
 At this moment, hearing about the evil deeds of Linjiang once again, the feeling was different.
 This fan Chang should be killed!
 However, Linjiang was evil in all directions. Killing fan Chang would not help the situation. On the contrary, it would easily create chaos. Li Hao was no longer the shallow youth who only knew how to kill the other party.
 According to his plan, he would kill them all, from top to bottom, all the management level personnel. Then, he would replace them with new blood, and not just fan Chang.

 That's right, if it was in the past, he might have thought of killing fan Chang to end things.
 Now ... They all had to die!
 From the military, to the night patrols, to the inspection Bureau, to the administration Bureau ... None of them were good!
 Li Hao nodded and concealed the killing intent in his heart. He said with a smile,""It's also good to go to the central region. Recently, the central region has been quite peaceful, and it's also close to Heavenly Star City. For the time being, they shouldn't dare to cause any trouble. "
 Lu Chuan was actually a little curious. These things were not something that ordinary superpowers should be concerned with.
 This person was quite meddlesome.
 "Milord is right ..."
 Just as he was about to say something, he suddenly looked into the distance and was a little dazed. In the distance, a figure appeared. It seemed to have been there all along, but it also seemed to have suddenly appeared.
 It was a woman.
 It looked very good.
  At this moment, he was wearing a white brocade robe, which made him look luxurious. When he fell into the ice, he blended in with the snow, like a celestial being.
 Lu Chuan took a look and realized that the other party was probably a powerful expert.
 It was just that it really looked good.
 Just as she was thinking about something, she heard the person beside her laugh."When you're done here, I suggest that you go to the sky Star Martial Arts Academy to further your studies. They need talents there, and I think you're not bad!"
 Lu Chuan was a little surprised."I'm not a Martial Master ..."
 "That's not important. It seems that the publicity wasn't enough. The martial arts college recruits anyone, not necessarily a Martial Master."
 After saying a few words, Li Hao turned his head and glanced at the woman not far away. He smiled, but his eyes were filled with killing intent. At this moment, the falling snowflakes seemed to freeze!
 Not far away, Lin Hongyu watched silently without saying a word.
 He was just a little surprised that Li Hao was actually chatting so enthusiastically with a Starlight master. As expected, people with extraordinary personalities were extraordinary.
 In their eyes, Starlight Masters were like ants.
 She had been waiting for Li Hao near the North Sea for three days.
 He did not dare to go to Silver Moon, as it was very dangerous.
 He just didn't expect that Li Hao would show up only now. This guy was really confident, and he wasn't afraid that someone would raid his base and capture the entire Heavenly Star military governor's office.
 Lu Chuan glanced at The Woman in White, then at Li Hao. He guessed that the two of them might know each other, or they were working together.
 Seeing that Li Hao was looking at the woman, he didn't stay any longer."Then I'll be grateful for your recommendation, my Lord. After I'm done with my work here, I'll go to stellarsky city to look for opportunities."
 "En!"
 Li Hao smiled and nodded. He was very kind. Lin Hongyu had never seen Li Hao like this. The only time she had met him was when she almost died and lost a monster plant clone.
 In her eyes, Li Hao was a true demon.
 And now, this demon could actually laugh.
 Lu Chuan left quickly. After a while, he looked back and saw the two people approaching. Lu Chuan glanced at them but did not dare to look at them any longer. He thought to himself,'are they here to pick up my husband's wife?'
 It felt a little like this ... But it didn't seem like it. As expected, she came from a noble family. Just by looking at her clothes, she could tell that she wasn't ordinary.
 ……  "Sorry for disturbing you, Governor li!"
 Lin Hongyu did not seem to be afraid.
 Li Hao smiled and walked toward her, did you bring an undying clone this time? This is the first time I've seen someone so bold ..."
 At this moment, the world changed.
 It was as if the sky was falling as the power of the five elements enveloped the world!
 The surface of the ice was firm and did not move at all.
 Li Hao's smile was bright, but he was also a little more vigilant. He was really bold.
 Lin Hongyu also smiled,"why do you have to reveal your killing intent the moment you meet, Governor?" Didn't the governor say that I will surrender with the city of superpowers in 10 days? It's been six days, and it's almost time for the governor to set the time. I'm here!"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment, and his eyes narrowed.
 What scheme?
 Lin Hongyu saw that he was on guard and smiled again.""Governor, your words carry enormous weight. If I lead the city of superpower to surrender, will you be willing to accept me?"
 Li Hao looked at her coldly.
 At this moment, he didn't care about any conspiracies. In the outside world, he didn't dare to say that he was completely invincible. However, it wouldn't be that easy for ordinary seven element powers or even peak powers to kill him.
 "Why not?"
 "But, can you make the decision?" Li Hao said coldly.
 "I can 't."
 Lin Hongyu shook her head and laughed again. "That's why ... I'm here to ask the governor for help. "
 Li Hao looked at her. Lin Hongyu smiled and said,""This is not the place to talk. If the governor is interested, why don't we go somewhere else, have a cup of tea, and have a chat? it's winter, and the sea is a little cold."
 Li Hao smiled and nodded.
 Lin Hongyu was about to say something when she suddenly felt the world turn upside down.
  Everything before his eyes was vast!
 The power of the five elements appeared instantly. She thought that Li Hao was going to attack her and was alarmed. However, the next moment, her expression changed, and she saw a huge ship in front of her.
 At this moment, the ship was breaking the ice.
 Just as she was shocked that Li Hao could teleport so far away, countless screams came from the giant ship. Thousands of thin swords swept across the ship like death talismans.
 In the blink of an eye, the huge ship was silent.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao smiled."Let's go and talk on the ship. It's winter, and the Pirates aren't idle. Why are they breaking the ice and running around?" It's warm on the boat!"
 Lin Hongyu's expression changed.
 He and Li Hao rose into the air and landed in the cabin.
 The ship was full of corpses, all of which were frozen. The blood was frozen, and the hundreds of people on the huge ship had been killed by Li Hao in the blink of an eye!
 This guy was sometimes kind and sometimes cruel. You couldn't see through him at all.

 What a terrifying guy!
 Li Hao reached out and made a grabbing motion. The tables and chairs in the cabin all flew out, and the jars of wine fell onto the deck. A flame appeared in Li Hao's hand, instantly warming the cold wine.
 "Sit!"
 Li Hao pointed at the chair. Lin Hongyu smiled and sat down.
 Li Hao also sat down and took out two cups. The hot wine filled them automatically and he poured himself a cup. Li Hao smiled and said,""This place is not bad. Do you think the superpowers are free? If you really have nothing to do in the winter, you can go to the shore to work, farm, or get a greenhouse for the fire element. It's better than robbing on the ship, right?"
 He did not wait for Lin Hongyu to speak and asked curiously,""It is said that there are millions of people in the city of supers, and they are all transcendents! I have some questions I want to ask, would city Lord Lin mind answering a question or two?"
 "Please speak, commander."
 "There are so many transcendents in the city. What do they rely on to make a living?"
 Make a living?
 Lin Hongyu was stunned. She thought for a while and said,""Everyone has their own ways. They don't always stay in the city. They only do some transactions and sparring in the city ... Under normal circumstances, they will go out."
  "What are you going to do?"
 Lin Hongyu thought for a moment."There are many things. For example, running errands for some big families, or being a guard for some merchant groups, or exploring ruins. Or, you might as well have some businesses outside and do business."
 Li Hao said thoughtfully,"then, will they Rob and Rob when they run out of money?"
 “……”
 Lin Hongyu was speechless.
 Obviously, there was.
 "Do they usually eat?"
 "Naturally!"
 Li Hao laughed and said,"then what do they eat?" Where did the money come from?"
 “……”
 Lin Hongyu felt that Li Hao's questions were difficult to answer. She thought that Li Hao would ask about the power of SuperPower City, the 12 families, the Overlord of the independent cultivators ...
 In the end, he didn 't.
 He asked questions that no one really cared about.
 "I heard that there are many other colleges in the city of supers. The superpower colleges, the three major organizations, and the nine divisions will Open Colleges to recruit supers and join them after they graduate, right?"
 "Yes."
 Lin Hongyu nodded slightly."This is also what we agreed on at the beginning. Otherwise, although the 12 families are strong, it would be difficult for them to establish themselves in the central region without a single soldier."
  Li Hao smiled, drank a glass of wine, and said,""I heard that in order to build the city, some of the original residents who were unwilling to leave were killed by you. The remaining ones were also killed or injured in the process of escaping. Is that right?"  “……”
 Lin Hongyu's expression changed slightly. After a moment, she said,""That's true ... But you might not know this, Governor. When we first built the city, the 12 families didn't build it together. Only a few families built it first and invited us to join them. We're considered to have moved in later and taken over The Magpie's Nest."
 Li Hao recalled that someone had said that before.
 Of course, this was not important.
 The important thing was that many people had indeed died back then.
 "Let's drink!"
 Li Hao raised his cup and smiled."I was actually very surprised that you would appear in front of me for the second time. I waited for a while and scouted around, but I didn't see anyone else or sense the arrival of any experts. I thought that there might be a few seven-element or peak six-element cultivators ... But there was none."
 "Commander, you've misunderstood!"
 Lin Hongyu sighed,"I'm sincere in my surrender, I'm not trying to be mysterious .."
 Li Hao laughed,"how is that possible?" Do you think I'm an idiot?"
 In this day and age, all parties were fighting for hegemony, and they all had their own backers. How could it be so easy to surrender?
 Furthermore, SuperPower City did not suffer any losses. They only lost a few powerful beings and they might not even be from the Lin family. Why would Lin Hongyu surrender just because of one defeat?
 Li Hao didn't believe it.
 If it were him, he wouldn't have done this either.
 Lin Hongyu knew that he did not believe her, so she did not explain further.""Does the governor want to take down SuperPower City?"
  "Yes, I do."
 "Three days later, I will gather the powerhouses from the 12 families and the independent cultivators in SuperPower City to discuss important matters. We will set up a Council of Elders in SuperPower City. If the governor wants to take over SuperPower City, this is your chance! Capture or kill the various powerhouses in the city, take down the Rogue overlords, seal the city and prevent the millions of supers from entering or leaving ... Quickly send the Demon Hunter Army into the city, I will get the city guards to cooperate ... To placate the supers in the city. This way, we can successfully take down the city, otherwise, it will easily cause a huge commotion. "
 "It's very difficult," Lin Hongyu said quickly."Perhaps the governor will also think that it's a trap. After all, the 12 families have many experts to be able to stand tall. There might not be any top-tier existences, but each family has no less than five people at the divine ability level ... One can imagine how many divine abilities the 12 families have. "
 "In addition, they might also carry demonic plant avatars, demonic beast blood essence, world suppressing weapons ... In addition to some itinerant cultivators with great opportunities, they might have more than a hundred divine powers on that day!"
 She looked at Li Hao and smiled.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com She also wanted to see what Li Hao would do.
 Do you dare?
 He already knew Li Hao's strength. If he secretly set a trap, how would Li Hao deal with it?
 "Furthermore, there might be powerhouses from the nine divisions, the three major organizations, and the seven divine mountains in the city ..."
 Li Hao touched his chin. Lin Hongyu thought he was hesitating, but Li Hao asked curiously,""Are you really going to go together?"

 "It's true ..."
 "It's that good?"
 "Don't lie to me!"Li Hao was surprised.
 This opportunity was too good!
 Normally, these powerhouses would definitely scatter.
 However, now that they were all gathered together, it was a good opportunity to catch them all in one fell swoop.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "As for traps and danger ... It doesn't matter. I just like to take risks. I want people to be together.
 My Demon Hunter Army might be of great use this time.
 It just so happens that my 12th Division has just been established, and I haven't used the treasures I got yet.
 Perhaps, he could try the effect.
  "Are you not worried, commander?"
 Lin Hongyu chuckled."You're strong, commander. But I don't think you're strong enough to ignore the monster plant clone, right?"
 Li Hao was very confident, but Lin Hongyu did not think it was a good thing to be too arrogant.
 In this era, if Li Hao was reckless, she would have to think twice before choosing to side with someone. Such a person could easily be buried in hell because of his overconfidence.
 Li Hao laughed, revealing his snow-white teeth."Maybe you can kill me? I like excitement! I don't care if you're really seeking refuge or not, it doesn't matter. Three days later, as long as everyone is here ... Remember to let me know!"
 If I dare to go, how can I not be prepared?
 I don't care what you're thinking, whether it's a trap, or if there's a ruin in the city of superpower that can swallow us. I'll be prepared.
 As long as you're all here, it's fine.
 If I succeed, the city of superpowers will be mine. The millions of superpowers will be mine. Hong Yitang has always wanted to get people to farm but I was having a headache. Now, I have a chance.
 As for Fengyun Pavilion...Who cares.
 If he found them, he would pack them up one by one.
 If they found Fengyun Pavilion, then they would deal with it. If they found it three days later, then they would deal with SuperPower City.
 Li Hao didn't ask Lin Hongyu about her strength.
 Who knew if it was true?
 I'll judge for myself!
 Lin Hongyu picked up her glass and took a sip. She raised her glass to Li Hao."Since that's the case ... I'll be waiting for you in three days! Furthermore, if we take down SuperPower City, how ... Will the governor treat SuperPower City, the Lin family and the monster plant powerhouses?"
 "If you really want to surrender ... If you're not guilty of a terrible crime, then I can forgive you."
 Li Hao laughed,"I can put aside the matter of killing me. I'm a magnanimous person!" However, if your hands are stained with the blood of the innocent ... I don't care about superpowers, but if you kill civilians ... I'll kill you first in case you say I didn't warn you. "
 Lin Hongyu chuckled."I'm the head of the Lin family. I'm also the city Lord of SuperPower City. I don't need to stoop to this level."
  "That's good. "  Li Hao drank his wine and thought for a while.""I have my own plans for the people in SuperPower City. What's the point of all the supers gathering together and drinking and not doing anything serious? The so-called city of superpower ... Is a paradise for criminals. We don't really need it!"
 Lin Hongyu's expression changed slightly.
 "As for you ..." Li Hao continued,"you can either retire in peace or join the star military governor's office. I don't mind having more experts to help you. As for the monster plant behind you ..."
 Li Hao laughed."Monster plant, if you can cooperate, then cooperate. If you can't cooperate, then obediently sleep. If you still dare to talk nonsense, just kill them!"
 "The governor's so-called cooperation ..."
 "It can help to grow food or provide the spring of life. For example, 5000 divine power stones for one drop is still bearable. Don't be too greedy!"
 "The profit is already very high. The monster plants that cooperate with me usually don't charge any processing fees and help me condense for free ..."
 " 5000 Yuan?"
 Lin Hongyu's heart ached a little. If she said this to the Redwood tree, would the other party ... Immediately turn hostile?
 At this stage, which company didn't start at 50000 Yuan?
 Li Hao laughed."If you can agree, then agree. If you can 't, then just lay low and wait for the so-called second recovery." But if you're not satisfied ... I'll give you face, city Lord Lin. If I can seal it, I'll seal it. If I can 't, I'll just kill it!"
 “……”
 So overbearing!
 This was the first time he had encountered such a domineering modern expert who had treated an ancient civilization expert with such tyranny.
 "Could it be that it's the same for a Governor to fight against general Huai of heaven battling city?" Lin Hongyu could not help but ask.
 "That person?"
 Li Hao chuckled."I provided it with 30 million divine power stones. In three days, it condensed 10000 drops of spring of life for me. If it wasn't for the long period of time, I could have as many as I wanted. Therefore, I'm not short of the cooperation and help of a monster plant!"
 Lin Hongyu could not believe it!
  "How is that possible? the other party also needs energy recovery. If that's the case, wouldn't we be getting nothing?"
 "How could it be!"
 Li Hao smiled."I'm resuscitating it. Don't I need to pay?"
 This counts?
 Lin Hongyu was speechless.
 She felt that it would be very difficult for Li Hao to form a bond with the Redwood tree.
 It was because he had given too little.
 Besides, Li Hao wasn't the one who revived Sequoia.
 She had no choice but to say,"it's easy to talk about other things. It's also easy for me to talk about it. However, the monster plant is a powerhouse from the ancient civilization. Now, it even relies on the monster plant to produce the spring of life so that people can cultivate in peace. Perhaps there is no lack of Governor-General, but there are too many people in the world who lack it ..."
 Li Hao frowned."Ancient humans are hard to find. Ancient demon beasts are rare too. There are a lot of ancient demon plants!" Just heaven battling city alone had a total of 37 people. If they were unwilling to cooperate, then they would just stay put. If they caused trouble, they would be killed! Why are you blindly accommodating these ancient monster plants?"

 “……”
 Lin Hongyu was troubled."But ..."
 "You're afraid the other party won't agree?"
 Li Hao chuckled."It's fine. If you're afraid, leave it to me. I'll convince it!"
 That was probably ... Not an ordinary kind of persuasion, right?
 Lin Hongyu was silent for a moment before sighing.""I'll try my best ..."
 She did not say anything more.
 After thinking for a while, he finally said,"there's one more thing that I have to tell you, Governor. You don't know, but the ancient families really have an inheritance from an ancient civilization. Some of them have obtained relics a long time ago, and some of them have been passed down since then ... There are some families that have world-suppressing divine weapons."
 "Stronger than the nine divisions?"
 "This ... I'm not sure!"
  "The weapons of the nine divisions may all be the weapons of Saints," Lin Hongyu explained. "Ours ... May be similar."
 "In the outside world, they're all scrap metal!"
 Li Hao didn't care too much about this. Holy weapons didn't have much power in the outside world.
 It didn't recover.
 The one from the Chen family had been shattered by his sword, and it had long been eaten by the small sword.
 Of course, he still had to be on guard.
 Twelve aristocratic families ... The inheritance of an ancient aristocratic family.
 Li Hao thought of a person, no, a snake. He said,""Are you considered all the ancient families in the dynasty?"
 "Probably ... Almost!"
 "Then, did anyone in Mount kui give any pointers to the snake there?"
 Lin Hongyu was slightly taken aback. She thought of something and shook her head."No, I do know about the snake of Mount kui. However, it has been in Mount kui for a hundred years. At that time, some people said that there were Dragons in Mount kui! The Lin family has records of this. Back then, that snake was already very powerful, and even martial masters wouldn't dare to provoke it. Besides, there's no way to communicate with it. "
 Li Hao was stunned, but he remembered that the Great Serpent had said that someone had given it pointers.
 Could it be that he was from another family, and the Lin family didn't know?
 Also, the other party did not only appear in the recent 20 years, but had already established himself in Mount kui a hundred years ago. He was an old snake.
 He thought to himself but didn't say anything.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Then let's call it a day!"
 Li Hao didn't want to say much to him. It was hard to say whether he was sincere in joining them or just pretending to set a trap.
 Three days later, they would naturally see the results.
 "Then three days later ... We will wait for the arrival of the governor!"
 Lin Hongyu didn't say anything and disappeared from where she was. Li Hao took a look at her. She was quite strong. She should be a Martial Master like Chen Zhongtian, with a divine weapon.
 It was still very powerful to have The Power of Six elements at the peak.  "Interesting!"
 Li Hao finished his wine and grabbed with his hand. The layer of ice shattered, and a big fish was caught in his hand. He smiled and said,"Why are you monitoring me?"
 The big fish kept struggling!
 A powerful energy fluctuation was emitted from his body, but his body was crushed by Li Hao's grip. He let out a violent scream, and the next moment, his mind fluctuated."Sir, please spare my life. I'm only following orders ..."
 "Whose orders?"
 "I ... I'm following the orders of the sea-suppressing envoy ..."
 Li Hao laughed,"such courage, such boldness!" The sea Protector ... If I remember correctly, during the ancient civilization, the human King conferred the title of the demon protector and the sea Protector to the two kings of the demon race. The demon protector ruled all the demon races in the world, and the sea Protector ruled all the demon races in the sea. They could be considered Kings and overlords of a region. Who is so bold?"
 "My Lord ... I ... I'm really here on the orders of the sea Guardian ..."
 Just as Li Hao frowned and was about to strangle the little demon, his expression suddenly changed.
 At this moment, the sea seemed to have fallen into silence.
 In an instant, a weak source of power landed on the big fish. The big fish was still a big fish, but its aura had changed.
 His spiritual power fluctuated for a while, and he said,""I've embarrassed myself in front of the successor of the revered sword. However ... I'm indeed a demon of the sea-calming Prefecture!"
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly."How bold! You dare to show yourself in the outside world!"
 "No, it's just a wisp of essence!"
 The big fish's psyche fluctuated."Speaking of which, you were the one who used the monster plant's origin to wake me up when I was in deep sleep that day. I was still wondering who had the courage to use the origin in the outside world."
 When was this?
 Li Hao was stunned. When did I use Origin Energy in the outside world?
 After thinking for a long time, Li Hao somewhat recalled the day when little tree first gave him an origin clone ... At that time, it wasn't even a clone. It was just a wisp of origin, and Li Hao used it to comprehend wood force.
 Could it have happened back then?
 The ancient demon race?
  Li Hao thought to himself and frowned slightly. He knew that there was a Sea Guardian's residence on the star Island, but it was said to be on the star Island, not in the North Sea.
 Also, even if he's from the sea Guardian envoy's residence, so what?
 I've seen all the guards of the Imperial Palace.
 The status of a Sea Protector was even lower than that of a demon protector.
 The descendants of the demon guardians are working for me now, and so are the guards of the Imperial Palace. You're a big demon from the sea Guardian's residence. Li Hao isn't afraid of you, no matter how powerful you are.
 However, the other party was monitoring him, so he could not do that!
 He was talking to Lin Hongyu about something important, and this demon actually dared to monitor him. How dare he!
 Li Hao didn't hold back either."No matter what, if you want to meet me or do something, just show yourself. It's not a good idea to monitor me!"
 "You misunderstand ... I just can't keep my essence outside, so I'm borrowing this little demon's body. I don't have any intention of monitoring it, I just want to get to know it ..."
 "What's the use of knowing me?"

