fileno%d
 the seventh elder knew Ying Hongyue.
 He had exchanged information with director Zhao before, so of course he knew who this person was.
 He was the leader of the red moon, the leader of the three great organizations.
 The other party should also be a successor of one of the eight great families, but it was not easy to determine which family it was.
 Li Hao asked casually and directly.
 The 7th elder didn't think too much about it. On the side, director Zhao's eyes flickered.
 He chose Li Hao and Ying Hongyue ...
 To the ancient cities, the difference wasn't big. If they wanted to open a Stargate, as long as they could, they didn't really care who they chose. As for how many people Ying Hongyue had killed ... Li Hao had killed a lot too.
 From the perspective of neo martial, it was difficult to tell who was the good person and who was the bad person. It was nothing more than the winner being the king and the loser being the bandit.
 Of course, Ying Hongyue had killed the descendants of the eight great families and seized their bloodline.
  But how many years had it been?
 It had been countless years, but were there no descendants of the eight great families among the people Li Hao had killed?
 That might not be the case!
 However, director Zhao knew very well that if ... The various ancient cities didn't give a reply after a long time, Li Hao might think that they were standing on Ying Hongyue's side.
 As for Ying Hongyue ... This fellow who had a blood feud with Li Hao was still living a carefree life.
 He had killed his parents, dug up his ancestral grave, killed his good friend, and even tried to kill Li Hao ...
 Li Hao really didn't care. Had he already let go of everything?
 He was the demonic sword!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Ever since he had left Silver Moon, Li Hao had stopped targeting the three great organizations. He no longer had the hostility he had when he was at Silver Moon, and his only thought was to kill Ying Hongyue.
 But ... Was that really the case?
 At this moment, director Zhao's mind was in chaos as he thought about many things.
 What was Li Hao's reason for insisting on meeting the Zhao family?
 "If we choose to cooperate with Governor li, what do we have to pay? what can we get?" the seventh elder asked.
 Li Hao smiled."I don't need to pay too much. Just give me 10000 sets of rising martial Army armor. In addition, give me some blood essence of the Zhao family, the method to control the Zhao family's divine weapon, and some methods to lock onto the position of the Zhao family's divine weapon."
 "And I will also give you some energy. 50 million divine power stones and three immortal wood Supreme Masters."
 Li Hao's attitude was very gentle."This shouldn't be considered a loss or an advantage. It's just a statement and an attitude. Of course, I'll make this matter public so that everyone can see my sincerity and attitude!"
 50 million divine power stones and three supreme beings of the immortal wood.
 In exchange, they would get 10000 sets of armor.
  It was only a basic armor.  Of course, armors were also precious. However, now that a large number of soldiers had died, there would be a lot of spare armors in the Armory. Using 10000 sets of armor that were not needed to exchange for these items would be enough for a top-tier powerhouse to revive.
 Li Hao didn't ask them to provide manpower or anything else. To director Zhao and director Wang, this deal was very sincere.
 Director Wang was even a little jealous. Even Li Hao didn't have such a good feeling about heaven battling city.
 This guy, heaven battling city still sent 10000 soldiers!
 The seventh elder also thought for a while and frowned slightly,""It's not that I can't exchange for these, but ... The blood essence of the Zhao family is gone. Where would I get more blood essence ...?"
 Li Hao smiled."Three undying trees. As long as there are still members of the Zhao family, the direct descendants, it's not difficult to condense a few drops of blood essence after recovering a little."
 "This ..."
 The seventh elder thought for a moment and said: "I still have to go back and ask. Of course, what you said, I feel that ... It's not too difficult."
 He was a little puzzled,"is that all you want?" You don't need to send troops or cut off origin avatars to help, like heaven battling city?"
 "No need,"
 Li Hao shook his head and said with a smile,"everyone has their own thoughts. I won't force anyone. Heaven battling city will naturally get corresponding benefits if it sends its troops, people, and contributions. It doesn't matter if it doesn't send troops or people. I won't force anyone!"
 This was somewhat beyond the other party's expectations.
 In this case, what Li Hao wanted was indeed just a gesture and an attitude.
 10,000 sets of armor were really nothing.
 At their peak, each major city had a million soldiers. There were hundreds of thousands of spare armors. Now that they had no use for them, it was not a big deal to give them 10000 sets.
 Of course, the other things that Li Hao wanted were all to lock onto the location of the Zhao family's divine weapon ... Perhaps he wanted to seize the divine weapon ... This ... After some thought, the seventh elder said,""You're not thinking of snatching the Zhao family's divine weapon and then destroying it to devour it, are you?"
 Li Hao smiled."The Zhao family's divine weapon should be in Ying Hongyue's hands now. If I can kill him, there's no need to devour and shatter it. If I can kill him successfully, I'll naturally return it to the Zhao family if they want it."
  "You really don't have any other requests?" the seventh elder couldn't help but ask.
 "No,"
 The 7th elder was a little stunned. He looked at director Zhao. His request wasn't too difficult and it was much better than he expected.
 He had even thought that Li Hao would demand an exorbitant price and that the Zhao family would send dozens of origin clones to assist him in the battle.
 In the end ... No.
 Why did he feel that he was more easily satisfied than Zhao Shuguang?
 Such a small appetite?
 Although he was confused, he still quickly said,""In that case, I'll return and discuss this with second elder. I think ... I can agree to your conditions. Of course, I'm not the only one in charge of martial Union ..."
 "I understand!"
 Li Hao nodded.

 The few experts behind the seventh elder felt weird too. They all looked at director Zhao and someone couldn't help but say, "Don't tell me you're like Zhao Shuguang. You're just trying to appease us, and then you'll come up with a way to deal with us later?"
 “……”
 Director Zhao was extremely embarrassed."Seniors ... Are you misunderstanding something?"
 These words!
 When did I think of a way to deal with you?
 You guys are so powerful!
 The few experts scoffed.
 Zhao Shuguang had never been well-behaved. Even though he was a descendant of the Zhao family, it had been too many years since the Zhao family's main city had been restored. Otherwise, the Zhao family's main city would have been restored earlier than heaven battling city. However, The Guardian monster plant had only just woken up a little.
 They didn't bother to say much, and very quickly, they slipped away and followed the seventh elder back to the ruins.
 We'll discuss it when we get back!
  After they left, director Wang couldn't help but say,""Just this? 10,000 sets of armor? You came all the way here just for this? If you really want it, heaven battling city also has it. 50 million divine energy stones and three immortal trees, heaven battling city will give it to you!"
 What was this guy thinking?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao smiled."The key is attitude. As long as you have a good attitude, it's fine. Director Wang, after all, we're not in the same era. I still maintain a heart of awe and respect for senior martial artists and neo martial artists. We both found it acceptable and didn't act so domineering, so that others wouldn't think that I, Li Hao, am not easy to get along with and that I'm arrogant. "
 "Besides, with the support of the Zhao family, heaven battling city, and the other eight main cities, the two families will have made their stand clear. I'll spread the news ... The other families might be willing to talk to me."
 "According to my understanding of neo martial," Li Hao continued,"as long as it's not a City of Traitors, they won't easily go back on their word since they've agreed to cooperate with me, right?"
 Director Wang touched his chin."That ... Shouldn't be the case, right?"
 "Isn't that enough?"Li Hao laughed.
 "But your requirements for heaven battling city aren't low ..." Director Wang was still somewhat speechless.
 "I don't think so?"
 Li Hao smiled."When I was weak, of course I had to fight for some help and benefits. But later, didn't I agree to some of the conditions that ninth master put forward?" "I have the same attitude toward Yuanping martial science University. When I was weak, I needed help urgently, so I would naturally ask for some. But now, I can still hold on. I don't have too many expectations of Yuanping martial science University, right?"
 Director Wang thought about it and agreed.
 He didn't say anything else.
 He only felt that Li Hao was indeed more tolerant than before ... Yes, more tolerant.
 This guy seemed to be quite tolerant of new martial arts, his enemies, and even people like the king of Dali.
 As long as it wasn't a big mistake, Li Hao could tolerate it.
 At this moment, he couldn't help but think of the human King ... If he changed into a human King, there were only two options in the Zhao family's main city. The first was to surrender and become a native.
 Second, destroy the Zhao family's ancient city if you have the strength.
 There was no third option!  What do you mean by just making a statement ... That doesn't exist.
 Was this guy really going to walk the path of a Saint?
 He thought to himself, back then, Supreme martial artist Zhang wasn't even so tolerant toward third parties and enemies. Li Hao ... Why did he become a saint?
 He thought in his heart but didn't say it out loud.
 As for director Zhao, he was in deep thought.
 While he was waiting, he said,""Governor, do the other ancient cities have the same attitude?"
 "Yes." Li Hao nodded."Generally speaking, that's the case ... Of course, in order to be more specific, the other party may need to stamp the city Lord's seal and treat today's Alliance as the Alliance of neo martial arts and the Alliance of Silvermoon! Be more formal ... I don't have many requirements for the rest. "
 "As long as they still acknowledge neo martial, then stamp the city Lord's seal. I don't think the other party will turn hostile."
 "When I'm strong enough," Li Hao said with a smile,"I'll naturally find a way to open the Stargate for them ... It's up to them whether they stay or leave."
 "Then ... What if I go back on my word?"
 Li Hao smiled and looked at him without saying anything.
 Director Zhao finally understood!
 "Then ... What if there's someone who's unwilling to agree to this condition?"
 He looked at Li Hao."Actually, 10000 sets of armor are nothing. But for some people, they might not be willing to communicate and trade with the governor on equal terms ..."
 Li Hao glanced at him again.
 Director Zhao's eyes flashed and he said,""Governor, what you mean is ... But the main city is not to be trifled with."
 Li Hao smiled,'as long as it's not that traitor's city, the other main cities ... Aren't necessarily bad to deal with! Without enough energy to revive it, even the sages can only revive a tiny bit. Is it really that difficult?"
  Director Zhao's heart shook and he didn't say anything.
 At this moment, he completely understood what Li Hao was thinking.
 What he wanted was the attitude of the eight main cities and all the other relics. If they acknowledged the star military governor, they would sign the contract and form an alliance. Li Hao's requirements were not too high.
 If they didn't acknowledge or express their opinions, they would be within Li Hao's scope of cleaning up!
 But ... Was it really that simple?
 Director Zhao didn't say anything.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, didn't say anything. He was silently calculating something.
 Of the eight major cities, at least one of them had a problem.
 Even if he agreed, it would only be on the surface, and it would be hard to tell.
 In addition, Ying Hongyue had traveled far away to the Li Dynasty and didn't cooperate with the ancient city or those Red Shadows ... Perhaps she had her own ideas.

 There was one more thing, the forbidden Sea ...
 Li Hao rarely talked about this now, but as far as he knew, some tributaries of the forbidden Sea had appeared in the Cang mountains. The forbidden Sea might have connected to the Li Dynasty, or it might have directly connected from the Li Dynasty.
 "Ying Hongyue ... The pressure isn't too great. He doesn't have that much pressure, so why would he continue to collude with some people?"
 Many thoughts flashed through his mind.
 Perhaps, she still had to create some pressure for the other party. Otherwise, the existences behind him might be completely shaken off by Ying Hongyue herself.
 He raised his head and looked into the distance.
 That was the direction of the Silver City.
 There were eight red lines on the eight trigrams above the Silver City. Ying Hongyue connected seven of them, and some of them were already weak, which might be related to the broken divine weapon.
 Could he ... Cut off some more connections to make him more anxious?
 Just as he was thinking, the seventh elder walked out again.
  At this moment, the seventh elder also became more polite.""Governor li, martial Union is willing to come to an agreement with you. Of course ... The premise is that you won't ask for more. If today's agreement is the only thing, martial Union is very happy to become friends with you!"
 When he went back and told the second elder, he found it unbelievable.
 This was because this was not in line with the second elder's expectations.
 In other words, the neo martial artists felt that this generation's spokesperson of the heavenly path would never coexist with them so easily. This was the case for the neo martial King. They were used to the attitude of the neo martial King.
 To Li Hao ... To be honest, even martial Union felt a little guilty when they offered such conditions.
 This guy, was he planning something more?
 However, since he had said so, he couldn't possibly turn hostile just because he suspected that he had ill intentions, right?
 That would have to wait and see!
 "Then, it's simple!" Li Hao smiled.
 "If that's the case ... Then I hope that the heavenly Dao can bear witness to this!"
 After saying that, he reached out his hand, and a piece of divine text gathered to form a text.
 A golden page appeared, and the conditions that the two parties had just discussed fell into it. In the next moment, the divine character of 'Dao' transformed into a huge seal that flickered like tens of thousands of rays.
 Li Hao's seal landed!
 There was no extra title, only two big words-Li Hao!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The entire piece of paper was like a book of heavenly Dao.
 The seventh elder's expression changed. Li Hao said,""It is said that the city Lord seals of the various major cities have some seals personally left behind by Supreme martial artist Zhang in the past. If senior Hu has no objections ... Please bring this document back to the city and stamp the city Lord seal of martial Union!"
 "If it is stamped, will there be any special consequences?" the seventh elder's eyes flickered.
 A smile appeared on Li Hao's face."There aren't too many special consequences. It's just that ... If martial Union supports Ying Hongyue in the future, unless they obtain the blessing of heaven's will, they might feel a little uncomfortable in the Silvermoon world ... They might suffer a little rejection. Of course, if I die, this rejection will naturally disappear."
 "You ... Control heaven's will?" the seventh elder's expression changed.
 "No, that's not it. I'm just ... Following the will of the heavens!"
 The seventh elder took a deep breath. Li Hao's words were simple, but if they were really targeted by heaven's will ... There might be extremely terrifying consequences.
 He was silent.
 Li Hao spoke once more."As long as we don't break the contract, nothing will happen. If we break the contract, including myself, we might be punished by Supreme martial artist Zhang's divine ability. This is a restriction between both parties, not just martial Union."
 "I ... I'll go back and let second elder take a look!"
 The 7th elder left once more. At this moment, director Wang was a little suspicious, he said,""Will we really be targeted by the heavens?"
 "I won 't,"
 Director Wang was speechless. Then why did you lie?  To scare people?
 "You'll be rejected by the bright star Dao!"Li Hao smiled.
 Director Wang was stunned. What did he mean?
 "Luminous star Dao Martial Master, if you meet someone who breaks his promise, my Dao text is still here, then ... We will be enemies forever!"
 Li Hao was still as calm as ever.
 As long as the divine character "Dao" was not broken, the agreement would be valid. If the other party violated the agreement, when the divine character "Dao" became the coordinates of the great Dao of the bright star realm, all martial masters who cultivated the bright star great Dao would become mortal enemies with these people for generations.
 Hatred from the great Dao!
 Of course, there was no need to go into detail.
 Moreover, the divine text of the word "Dao" had yet to become the coordinates of the great Dao of the bright star sector. Just as Li Hao had said, it would not be too troublesome to kill him and break the divine text of the word "Dao".
 Eternal enemy!
 At this moment, director Wang was shocked.
 He had imprinted his hatred and The Grudge of breaking his promise into the great Dao and the bright star realm.
 As long as the divine text didn't die, people of the present and future generations who cultivated the bright star great Dao would naturally hate these people who broke their promises ... It would be passed down from generation to generation and would never stop!
 This ... Was too cruel!
 Of course, just as Li Hao said, if he died and the divine text failed to become the coordinates of the Dao universe, there would not be much of a problem.
 At this moment, director Wang's feelings were complicated.
 On the one hand, Li Hao was lenient, but on the other hand, he was extremely harsh. Since they had already reached an agreement, he hoped that martial Union would abide by it. If martial Union broke the agreement ... Unless the Silvermoon citizens were annihilated, the hatred between generations ... Would be severed from their cultivation of the new Dao!
 This ... Was too terrifying!
 And this time, the wait was even longer.
 In the city, there seemed to be some struggle.
 They might not know the specific effects, but Li Hao's holy character 'Dao' was also very mysterious. The strong could tell that there must be a cause and effect at a glance.
 After about half an hour, the seventh elder walked out again.
 He looked at Li Hao with a complicated expression and handed him a golden document with both hands.""The second elder asked me to hand this over to the military governor ... The Zhao family won't support Ying Hongyue, but their support for the military governor won't go beyond the agreement. As for the future ... We'll talk about it in the future!"
 Li Hao received the document. It was extremely heavy!
 On it was stamped a large seal. It was extremely heavy, as if something heavy was pressing down on it. His eyes flickered with golden light. He took a look and revealed a smile,"Thank you for your understanding, senior. I'll get director Zhao to send it over. I hope that we can be on good terms for generations to come!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he did not put the document away. Instead, he waved his hand and the document rose into the air. Suddenly, a long sword tore through the void and the document fell into the void as if it had entered another universe.
  The seventh elder's expression changed again. Li Hao smiled and said,""The luminous star great Dao is the witness! This document has been circulated throughout the new Dao universe. I shall take my leave!"
 Then, Li Hao waved his hand, and the three of them disappeared.
 After they left, the seventh elder took a deep breath and turned back to the city. He looked at a man outside the city gate and said in a low voice,"He sent that document into the new Dao universe!"
 Outside the city gate, the second elder was silent for a while before saying,""I just don't support Ying Hongyue, that's all. I'm not asking for too much. Although I don't know the specific consequences, but ... I'll just keep my promise!"
 Although he didn't know the specific consequences, he knew that when the city Lord's seal was stamped, Supreme martial artist Zhang's words glowed and interweaved with Li Hao's words.
 At that time, he was very shocked.
 Who was Supreme martial artist Zhang?
 And how strong was Li Hao?
 However, at that moment, it was as if they were communicating with each other and had reached an agreement. If they broke the contract, they might be punished by both sides!
 This was a terrifying consequence!

 Li Hao did not hide the agreement he had reached with martial Union for too long. Or rather, there was no need to hide it in the first place.
 He even went to make the news public.
 Ten thousand suits of armor, an Alliance agreement, no need to send troops, no manpower, no help from experts, as long as they agreed to some basic conditions, not cooperate with the traitors, not cooperate with Li Hao's enemies, not disturb the rule of the Heavenly Star military governor's office, and abide by the laws of Heavenly Star.
 With this, the star dynasty was willing to accept the neo martial artists.
 He didn't provoke either side.
 The star military governor's office would not specifically target neo martial artists.
 As for Li Hao, he would also pay a price in exchange for this. The two sides were on equal footing, and they would discuss Alliance and cooperation.
 This, in fact, could not be considered an Alliance.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was just a basic non-interference agreement. Li Hao had also agreed to help the neo martial human tribe open the Stargate and find the new martial Lord world if the situation allowed.
 Was such a condition considered too much?
  Of course, in the past, the new human being was not qualified to be treated equally by the new martial arts.
 However, things were different now!
 Li Hao was already close to being invincible in the outside world.
 When the experts had not fully recovered and could not walk out of the city, Li Hao was qualified to be on equal footing with the ancient cities.
 ……
 The news spread very quickly.
 If the various ancient cities were to be revived, they would more or less have their own information channels.
 Perhaps, be it in the open or in the dark, they actually had some powerhouses or forces that they supported.
 No one would really sit and wait for death, especially the neo martial artists.
 Everyone would pay attention to any changes in the outside world.
 Thus, the news quickly spread to all parties.
 ……
 The Silver Moon was near the moon sea. An ancient city was half on the shore and half in the sea.
 At this moment, there was also news from the Great Hall of the ancient city.
 In the main hall, an old man coughed and said weakly,""This Li Hao is a descendant of the Li family. He is also one of the leaders of this generation's human race. Now that he has come to an agreement with martial Union, it seems that he hopes for the various parties to quickly express their stance. However, he has lowered his stance very much."
 "Previously, when he fought with the Dali King, he was very strong, but he was only 20 years old ... It reminds me of the early stage of neo martial, the generation of the human King ... There are talents in every generation. If he doesn't die, his future achievements will be extraordinary."
 After the old man finished speaking, a golden-armored man said in a deep voice,""Li Hao indeed has great potential, undeniable! However ... Li Hao broke the divine weapons of three families, one of which is our clan's divine weapon ... That's an inherited treasure. Breaking the divine weapon and the inheritance behind the stone door ... This move ... Is too much!"  "Moreover, he broke the divine weapons of three families and said that he wanted to open the Stargate. I'm afraid that's just empty talk. The Li family and the starry sky sword can open it, but how can they open it without the power of a venerable sovereign?"
 "Venerable sovereigns ... In the new martial era, only those top-notch existences have reached the venerable sovereign realm. Li Hao, you're now in a small world. Even though a new Dao has emerged, no one knows what the future of this new Dao will be like. The talk of opening a Stargate can only be used as a consolation."
 "Once the Stargate is closed, if new martial wants to appear in the world again, it may have some conflict with Li Hao. The world is divided into five countries, and Li Hao has the appearance of a King. The era of human Kings had probably been destroyed long ago! If this Li Hao wants to be King ... I think he'll have a conflict with us sooner or later. "
 These words were not wrong.
 The old man nodded slightly.
 According to the style of neo martial artists, how could they allow others to sleep beside the bed?
 However, the old man still said,"but now, heaven battling city and martial Union have expressed their stance one after another. If we don 't, will there be some conflict between us and these two? Let's not talk about how the Zheng and Li families are doing, but the other six families are still on the same side, unless they are rebellious. "
 "Head, neo martial arts ... It's been a hundred thousand years!"
 The Golden-armored man said in a deep voice,"are the eight great main cities today still the eight great main cities of the past?" Can we really ... Still be together?"
 The old man was silent.
 After a while, he said,"no matter what they think, neo martial arts is still neo martial arts ... I don't want the neo martial artists to fight against each other ... It's just a basic Alliance. It's not impossible to participate in it."
 The Golden-armored man considered for a while and said,"it's up to you then. However, the current situation is unclear. We will make preparations. Out of the eight major cities, we can only trust ourselves now."
 The old man nodded."I understand that. Send someone to contact Li Hao. I hope that he won't do anything behind our backs."
 "I hope not!"
 ……
 On this day, there were such discussions everywhere.
  They were not too afraid of Li Hao, but they did not wish to have too big of a conflict with him at this moment. In addition, heaven battling city and martial Union had both expressed their stand, and some of the ancient cities had chosen to contact Li Hao at this time.
 ,m As for heavenstar's possible predicament of being besieged by four countries, no one was too concerned.  In their eyes, National Strength was not important, what was important was individual strength.
 Li Hao was strong enough, so he was qualified to receive respect and cooperation.
 As for the weakness of the others on Li Hao's side, it didn't matter.
 ……
 While Li Hao was running around ...
 In the four directions of the Heavenly Star.
 The Li Dynasty in the North had already sent out their troops.
 On this day, in the Eastern Desert, dust and sand flew everywhere. At the end of the Eastern Desert, countless cavalrymen were riding on their horses. They wore black scarves on their faces, and an endless Army was surging toward the eastern continent.

 At the front of the group was a white warhorse. Its four hooves did not touch the ground, and its speed seemed to break through the void. It led countless cavalrymen, trampling across the desert and galloping towards the eastern continent.
 Beside the white Horse, there were hundreds of powerful golden warhorses, all of which were also ridden by Knights.
 Everyone's aura was extremely powerful.
 Countless large flags fluttered in the wind.
 The previous one was Gao Huang!
 The country of great wilderness!
 Heavenstar was the Central Plains, and in the North, there was the Cang Mountain between Dali and heavenstar. There were demons in the Cang Mountain, and it was difficult for birds to cross.
 As for the East, it was separated by tens of thousands of miles of yellow sand, and it was difficult for people to reach.
 Ever since the star royal family unified the world, the four countries had cut off all travel. Only a small number of merchants who crossed mountains and rivers would risk their lives to enter the four countries in order to obtain greater benefits.
  The great desert was the natural barrier of the East.
 But now, it was trampled by countless cavalry.
 The powerhouse in golden armor riding a White Horse at the front of the group was not the master of the great desolation.
 At this moment, there were still eight huge Horses in the Sky. They were pulling a huge carriage that looked like a Palace.
 The carriage was like a Palace.
 At this moment, one could vaguely see some Palace maids and guards walking around the palace.
 In the palace, there were many figures standing.
 This was where the master of the great desolation lived.
 In the palace, an old man looked down at the general in golden armor who was riding a White Horse in front of the Army. He sighed and said,""It's better to be young. I heard that the current governor of Heavenly Star, Li Hao, is still young. The Emperor of Dali in the North had not even reached the age of 30. It's not a shame for the younger generation of the DA Huang, but it's a pity ..."
 "It's a pity that ah Luo isn't a man ..."The old man seemed a little regretful.
 At this moment, a scholar stood up with a bright smile.""There is no need for Your Majesty to feel regretful. His Highness has the style of a King and is loved by all the soldiers in the Army. Now, the world is in turmoil, the Central Plains is in turmoil, and the star dynasty is decaying. Be it the great wilderness or the Li Dynasty, everyone is working hard to rule ... This is a golden opportunity given by the heavens. Since ancient times, the decline of the Central Plains has been the time for the four dynasties to rise!"  "The heavens have bestowed Her Highness, the great desolation, with unrivaled courage, the ability to pluck the stars and moon, and the power to capture dragons and tigers. Even though she is a woman, why would the great desolation care about such worldly gifts?"
 He looked at the sovereign above and said in a clear voice,""From what I know, the ruler of the divine Kingdom in the West is also a woman. The watercloud Kingdom is currently under the control of the Empress Dowager ... Since that's the case, why should our great wilderness care about these things?"
 Up above, the great desolation master sighed,""That's true! But ..."
 He smiled and didn't continue.
 Instead, he looked at the official who spoke and smiled.""Forget it. Although I'm old, I can still help the vast wilderness and help ah Luo. It's just that Li Hao and the king of the Li Dynasty are not easy to deal with."
 "I know that heroes are born in troubled times. However, the Three Kingdoms of the great wilderness will have a good chance! "The eastern part of Heavenly Star was originally under the jurisdiction of the Duke dingguo, but ever since the Xu family's two generations of family heads were killed by Li Hao, the eastern part is in chaos. There are also provinces that have rebelled and besieged the Xu family ... The people are in a state of panic, and the eastern part is extremely rich. If we can take over the eastern continent, we'll be across the sea from the governor's office of Heavenly Star, and we won't be in a hurry to attack the central part of Heavenly Star. The great wilderness will have a chance to win over the hearts of the people and gain a firm foothold!"
 The great desolation master nodded again.
 Then, he looked at a mysterious man in a black robe in the corner of the hall. He smiled and said,""What is your evaluation of Li Hao, envoy?"
 The black-robed Expert's Voice was calm."Geniuses, outstanding talents, if not for this, there would be no need for the four countries to come out! However, Wen Yue said that it was unwise to wait for an opportunity to gain a foothold in the East!"
  "What a genius like Li Hao lacks the most is time. Once he's given time, he'll definitely be able to reverse the situation! Since ancient times, these people have always been like this. With enough time, turning the situation around is as easy as turning one's hand!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Therefore, I think that if we can strike as fast as lightning, we should strike as fast as lightning. Even if we break this world and cause great suffering to the people ... At most, we can rebuild it after the event! If you hesitate now and want to become the master of the golden age ... I'm afraid ... The chance is slim!"
 The master of great desolation seemed to be deep in thought as he slowly said,""The emissary's meaning is ... To quickly break into the eastern continent, enter the central region, slaughter the world, and disturb Li Hao's camp, causing turmoil in all directions so that he won't be able to live in peace? The four of us will join forces to defeat this person?"
 "Not bad!"
 "This is the only way!" Black robe quickly replied. You can't give Li Hao time ... Otherwise, you'll be the ones to lose!"
 As soon as he said that, the Minister who had spoken earlier frowned slightly and said,""The emissary's actions ... Are no different from placing the great wilderness in front of the people. Heavenly Star has a population of ten billion, while the great wilderness only has five hundred million! It's only one-twentieth of heavenstar ..."
 He felt that it would be difficult to unify the world even if he defeated Li Hao if he really followed the ancient city expert's words.
 Only cajoling!
 He quickly said,"we don't have to attack the eastern continent by force. On the contrary, we can contact the Xu family and cooperate with them. We can also give them the title of King!" The Xu family was only a state Duke in heavenstar. If they were willing to join the great wilderness and grant the Xu family a noble title, what could they do? The Xu family has been in control of the eastern continent for 200 years. If your Majesty allows it, I will go to the Xu family personally and negotiate with them ... This way, the great wilderness can quickly gain a foothold in the eastern continent!"

 The black-robed envoy wanted to continue, but the master of great desolation coughed and said,""Wen Yue, you're right, but ... The envoy's words aren't unreasonable!"
 He looked at black robe again."If the emissary is willing to provide sufficient support to the great wilderness, the monster plants in the city will provide food for the great wilderness, the experts in the city are willing to help and provide 100000 sets of armor for the great wilderness ... We can also do as the emissary wishes and end the battle quickly!"
 The black-robed expert cursed in his heart!
 None of these human Lords were easy to talk to.
 Fortunately, the other party was still willing to send troops. Otherwise, it would be hard to explain.
 "I'll try my best to fight for these, but ... You know that the ancient cities are in a difficult situation ..."He quickly said.
 "I understand. I'll try my best."
 The master of great desolation laughed."Otherwise, we'll suffer too many losses if we attack by force. Great desolation is small, has a small population, and few experts. I'm afraid we won't be able to continue the bloody battle with the Central Plains."
 Black robe did not say anything else, and waited for his lordship to make the decision.
 These guys wouldn't act until they saw the rabbit.
  It was too difficult to not give any benefits.
 He wondered how the other factions were doing.
 He was unable to contact the other parties, but news from the Li Dynasty had spread. They knew that the Li Dynasty had sent troops, but it did not seem to be a good thing.
 ……
 Similarly.
 At this moment, there were movements in the west and south.
 In the South, on a large river, countless battleships were densely packed. They were scattered in the southern waters and were advancing toward the southern continent.
 On a huge warship.
 Empress Dowager shuiyun was sitting in a bow. Outside, the young king of shuiyun was playing around. The Empress Dowager's voice rang out,""My watercloud country's navy isn't weak, but its strength in land battles is limited. The number of experts within the country is also limited ... This time, we can only restrict the southern continent. Our watercloud country doesn't have the heart to unify the world. We only wish to occupy the southern continent and move some people here. The flooding problem within our watercloud country is too serious ..."
 "It is said that in the new martial era, the military's combat power is unparalleled! The heaven battling city had sent 10000 soldiers to defend Li Hao against the Li Dynasty's million-strong Army! It is even said that the heaven-battling Army is made up of the remnant spirits of the dead. I wonder if the venerable one can use your ancient weapon to help our shuiyun country?"
 Outside the bead curtain, a black-robed man was somewhat helpless.
 This Empress Dowager Shui Yun, from the moment he entered the other country, had been crying about how bitter, how poor, and how weak she was.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He really didn't have the heart to send out troops and had already chased them away.
 He was clearly ambitious and wanted to fish for some benefits, so he could only say,""Empress Dowager, this matter ... I can't make the decision ..."
 "Venerable one, you're too humble ... Of course, I hope that you'll put in a few good words for me when I enter the southern continent. This is a small country with few citizens. My son is also young, an orphan and a widow. If the losses are too great, it'll be difficult to suppress the opposing forces in the country ..."
 "I'll try my best!"
 Black robe did not say anything else, only thinking that he would leave this matter to his lordship to worry about.  This Empress Dowager Shui Yun was not to be trifled with.
 He had a vague feeling that this person ... Might also have some incredible inheritance.
 There were too many powerhouses in the new martial era.
 The water system of the watercloud Kingdom was extremely developed. Perhaps someone had left behind some powerful inheritance there. In fact, he even suspected that it might have been left behind by someone who was proficient in swordsmanship.
 It was said that the Chen family of the neo martial art was somewhat skilled in the power of water.
 There were many new martial artists with the surname Chen, but there were very few who were good at swordsmanship and the sword of the stream. The most famous one was naturally the one who had been following the human King and eventually became the human Queen.
 But he couldn't figure it out. Had that person ever been to the land of Silver Moon?
 If not for the fact that he had sensed a faint sword intent from this person and thought of water swordsmanship, he would not have dared to think in this direction.
 Of course, it might not be that person.
 In the new martial era, there were many mcmau students who were good at the stream swordsmanship.
 All of this could only be known after this person displayed it.
 ……
 Whether it was Da Huang or Shui Yun, they all treated black robe as a guest of honor.
 However, at this moment, a huge city was floating in the sky in the West.
 At this moment, in the city, in the divine Kingdom Hall.
 Black robe, who was also from the ancient city, did not have a high status.
  In fact, he didn't even put on an act.
 There was only one dignified young woman in the main hall, but at this moment, her words were like that of a God. She looked down at black robe and her voice was not cold, but rather indifferent."When the divine Kingdom reaches Heavenly Star, if your master still doesn't show up, the cooperation will end here! Being sneaky was not considered a neo martial artist! In the past, you, a new martial artist, destroyed my God with unparalleled strength. Today, you are like a thief. It is really shameful!"
 Black robe wanted to say something but stopped himself. The woman was still looking down at him with a powerful aura. She said indifferently,"No reason, no excuse! "A mere origin avatar and you want my Scandinavia to sell its life for you? you're too naive! "Today, the gods in our country have awakened and are favored by the heavens. They control the heavenly Dao. Even if you all aren't here, our divine country will still unify the world! If there's no one in neo martial, then we'll destroy the remnants of the neo martial Army!"
 Black robe's aura fluctuated a little, and after a long while, he said,""It's just that the world hasn't recovered yet. Once it does ..."
 "If you can't resuscitate it, it's because you're incompetent!"
 “……”
 Black robe was speechless. He only felt that dealing with these people was really annoying.
 In this God nation, the gods were revered.
 In the past, new martial had once killed a God. These guys were very hostile to the ancient people. If it wasn't for the need for cooperation, they would probably have been destroyed by the other party as soon as he came.
 He was really unlucky to go to the divine Kingdom.

 ……
 On this day, the armies of the three countries began to approach heavenstar.
 Silver Moon.
 Silver City.
 Outside the city, there were shouts of killing. The small-scale military battle was still ongoing. Every day, tens of thousands of soldiers fought with each other. The battle continued without end. Corpses were everywhere, and the casualties were heavy.
 In front of the formation, there were generals fighting.
 The battle turned the world upside down, and in these few days, some generals had fallen.
 Both sides had controlled the scale of the battle to a certain extent, but there were still many casualties.
 However, it was obvious that both sides were in a much better state than before. At this moment, they were not in a mess and were not afraid of battle. Even the millions of ordinary soldiers had chosen the elites to form a new army. They had been on the battlefield once, but ... They had suffered heavy casualties.
 They had chosen 30000 people, all of whom were elites. The other party had only sent out 10000 people, and they had quickly defeated the new army, almost causing it to collapse. In the end, after one battle, 30% of the new army had died, which had almost scared those people silly.
  Fortunately, the members were quickly replenished, and the Demon Hunter Army selected hundreds of people to serve as officers of various levels, which stabilized the new army.
 ……
 At the rear of the Li army camp.
 The king of Dali was watching the battle. After watching for a while, he looked into the distance in the direction of the Silver City.
 It had been five days since the last battle.
 In the past five days, the two sides had fought many times, and the Li Army had not suffered many losses. In addition, they were all from some tribes, so the king of li did not care too much. On the other hand, on the other side, at least ten thousand people had died in these five days.
 Even the king of Dali admired Li Hao ... For his ruthlessness!
 The new army was directly thrown up to fight with the elites.
 If not for the fact that he was afraid of killing too many and drawing the attention of Silvermoon's experts, the 10000 men would have been enough to wipe out the 30000 new soldiers.
 Even if they had held back, many of the other party's people had died.
 Jiang Li appeared and said in a low voice,""Your Majesty, we've received news that the Three Kingdoms 'whereabouts have been revealed. They're not far from the three continents. Li Hao and we won't be able to waste too much time here!"
 The king of Dali dodged a little. This Jiang Li ... Why was he so close to him when he was talking?
 Jiang Li sensed it and frowned.
 The king of Dali ... Was there something wrong with him recently?
 When did I offend you?
 The king of Dali did not say much, but said in a low voice,""How do you think Li Hao will choose when the Three Kingdoms invade? Should we give up on this side and go help the other three, or should we fight with all our might, defeat us ... And then go help the other three?"
 He didn't understand what Li Hao was thinking.
 He really didn't understand.
 Li Hao was extremely young. He was 20 years old, 10 years younger than him. But Li Hao didn't have the hot-bloodedness of a young man, nor was he overbearing. He gave him the feeling that Li Hao was always indifferent.
 But to say that he didn't care about heavenstar, it wasn't to that extent. If he really didn't care, then he shouldn't care about these things.  However, he had always been in charge.
 It was said that the Heavenly Star military governor's office was recruiting soldiers in the central region and preparing to assist the three continents. They had even prepared a large number of ships to transport the people across the four Seas.
 All of this meant that Li Hao and the others were trying their best to save themselves.
 But ... What about Li Hao himself?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Aside from a few days ago, when it was rumored that Li Hao had reached an agreement with martial Union and obtained 10000 sets of battle armors, Li Hao had disappeared. Recently, he had tried to sense Li Hao's presence a few times, but he had failed to do so.
 At this moment, he was also a little hesitant.
 Li Hao's act made him feel uneasy.
 He was slightly irritated,'this Li Hao is really annoying! They could either send out their troops or make it clear what he wanted. You're only pestering the Li Dynasty and training our soldiers here. What do you want?"
 It had been 10 days since they had entered this place from the Li Dynasty.
 In the past ten days, apart from the huge battle that day, Li Hao had strictly followed the previous agreement and fought soldiers against soldiers, generals against generals. Even two days ago, during the general-to-general battle, when Li Hao killed a member of a demon-hunting team that was said to be Li Hao's family, Li Hao's side didn't react at all.
 If it were him, he would be very sad when some of the divine guards died.
 However, Li Hao ... Was even more cold-blooded than him!
 He didn't even show his face.
 ……
 At this time, the king of Dali was not the only one who was anxious.
 In truth, Silvermoon's experts were also quite anxious.
 There was news from all three continents. At this moment, the whereabouts of the Three Kingdoms were revealed. Chen Zhongtian, who was in charge of the inspection Division, kept receiving information and hoped to report to Li Hao personally. However, Li Hao was still nowhere to be seen.
 Without Li Hao's order, no one dared to attack rashly.
 Back then, Li Hao had said that he would protect the three continents. Now that they were about to arrive, and he had not made any moves, it was easy for people's hearts to collapse.
  ……
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was not in the main world. He had entered the luminous universe.
 In the bright star Universe.
 One of them sat cross-legged in the air, allowing the energy to attack him. Light spots flickered on his body.
 In front of him, a bone that looked like white jade was floating.
 After a long time.
 Li Hao opened his eyes and picked up the White jade bone. This was the divine bone of beginner martial stage. According to the ninth master, the strongest person with the strongest physical body from the beginning of the martial world might not be the human King, but the celestial ruler Batian.
 Celestial ruler Batian was a beginner martial body cultivator.
 In the new martial era, there was a golden body cultivation method, but even the Golden body was not as powerful as the Overlord body. Celestial ruler BA Tian had begun to cultivate his body in the era without origin, and it was unbelievably strong!
 After that, no expert of any era would necessarily be able to surpass that person in terms of physical body.

 Li Hao's era was just a new beginning, and it was even more incomparable. Let alone celestial ruler BA, even when compared to a neo martial artist, the human body might not be comparable to a neo martial artist of the same level.
 Li Hao and the others had thought it through. With the energy feedback of the bright star sector, the body would continue to grow stronger, and eventually, both the body and the God art would be strengthened.
 However ... Li Hao realized that although his body wasn't weak, it wasn't strong at all.
 It was only at the ordinary Level of the neo martial human race!
 It didn't have that kind of uniqueness!
 It was only when he met Jiang Li, who used the divine bone of beginner martial, that Li Hao realized that the problem might be with the bone.
 He knew that the three continents were about to go to war.
 However, at this moment, he still had some problems to solve.
 Sharpening a knife would not delay the work of cutting wood, and there was no rush.
 "Is it because the 360 apertures haven't been opened yet, so there's no transformation? However, if I have to open all 360 apertures before I can undergo a transformation, I will have at least the power of 36 meridians. Isn't this transformation a little too late?"
  He was a neo martial artist with a rank-8 golden body. A rank-8 was only at the third or fourth level of the mountain sea realm, at most at the fifth or sixth level.
 At that time, the other party's body would undergo a transformation.
 However, according to Li Hao's plan, a Silvermoon person would need to reach at least the ninth level of the sun Moon realm before they could transform their body.
 But now, even Li Hao himself had not opened 360 apertures, let alone others.
 "This is definitely not good. Be it the mountain sea or the sun and moon, they don't have magical powers and their bodies aren't too unique. They have no advantage against new martial artists or beginner martial artists ... Do they have to have magical powers?"
 Li Hao picked up the bone and studied it.
 He then looked at the vast universe for a while.
 In this universe, was there a great Dao that solely belonged to the physical body?
 Or rather, was there a special Dao Meridian in the human body that would allow one's body to improve greatly once it was activated?
 Or perhaps, a direct transformation?
 If there is, where is it?
 The most special thing about modern people was their Dao meridians. They didn't necessarily have to follow the other party's path, but even if they had this Dao Meridian, they had to discover it first. At least, until now, he hadn't discovered such a Dao Meridian. Once it was opened, it could make the body stronger rapidly!
 In his previous battle with the Li Dynasty King, Li Hao had discovered some of his own flaws.
 He had many means and magical powers, but the Dali King's power was not at its peak. Otherwise, he would not have the opportunity to display them.
 He had many tricks up his sleeve, but he could only be said to be on par with the king of Dali.
 Both of them were figures who had surpassed the limits of the world. Therefore, strictly speaking ... Li Hao and the king of the Li Dynasty were of the same level, but he was not invincible among the same level, even though his teacher had said that it was not necessary to pursue invincibility.
 However, in Li Hao's eyes, he had a great opportunity.
 He was even the first to discover the bright star sector!
 In the end, he couldn't even completely suppress those of the same cultivation level. Was this still considered invincible?  Which unrivaled expert wasn't an upper-level cultivator?
 He himself, on the other hand, almost had his physical body destroyed!
 "The ninth master said that the Li clan is like this ... But I am not convinced!
 "The modern human race must have their own unique Dao Meridian that can strengthen the body ..."
 As Li Hao thought about this, his body suddenly cracked open. At this moment, Li Hao seemed to have been dissected. His bones and bones were exposed, his five internal organs were exposed, and even his Dao meridians were exposed.
 The beginner martial bone that appeared in front of him suddenly cracked, and a unique power started to flow.
 Li Hao didn't absorb it. He just observed in silence.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This bone insect was very strong.
 It contained a unique power.
 He wanted to see if there was a Dao Meridian in his body that would come into contact with the other party and merge with it. Or if there was a star in the bright star World that could draw this power.
 If he could ... Perhaps it would be where his physical body's Dao Meridian was.
 "Weak body ... He's still the same even after discovering the bright star sector, and has always been laughed at ..."
 Li Hao mumbled. It was because of this that he had the vigor of a young man.
 He refused to admit defeat!
 That day, Zhang an had said that the new human being's body was too weak, and he didn't like it.
 Later on, the Dali King also said that the Heavenly Star people's bodies were only so-so, and that even Li Hao's body was only so-so ... He was even more displeased!
 Who are you underestimating?
 We're all born with Dao bodies, so how can we be inferior to you?
  "It's just that we discovered it too late. We haven't discovered any physical Dao meridians yet.
 Once they were discovered, an attribute-less expert of the same realm could kill them with one punch as long as they opened their physical Dao meridians!
 Li Hao wouldn't have said this outside.
 However, he didn't care and spoke freely. He muttered to himself,""There must be something, I believe there must be something ... If I can find it, I'll go back and kill the king of Dali with one punch!"
 BOOM!
 The beginner martial divine bone exploded again. He still didn't absorb the energy and let the powerful energy dissipate. If Jiang Li saw this, he would probably self-destruct.
 This was the primary martial divine bone!
 If Li Hao had absorbed energy, he wouldn't have felt any heartache, but Li Hao letting the energy flow away was a crime.
 The godly bones exploded, and energy burst forth. A powerful energy wandered in the void.
 Some of the energy touched Li Hao's body and was being absorbed, but ... Li Hao was a little depressed. The "Dao" character was actually absorbing it. He knew that the "Dao" character might contain the Dao of the physical body, but that was not what he wanted.

 What I want is a physical body Dao Meridian that everyone can cultivate!
 He continued to wander in the void. At this moment, the energy of the God's bone was also drifting. Suddenly, a big star in the distance flickered slightly.
 Li Hao's eyes flickered, and the paper-like Li Hao disappeared in an instant. The next moment, he arrived at a place on the great star.
 There was also a star there, but it was very dark.
 After absorbing some special energy, Li Hao's eyes flickered. He mumbled,""This ... Could it be that someone in the current human race has activated this Dao Meridian? it's just that they haven't cultivated it and no one has discovered it. However, the Dao Meridian is activated ... Because of the power of the beginner martial divine bone?"
 But ... Everyone in the human race had a Dao Meridian. Whose the hell did it belong to?
 It wasn't his anyway!
 Li Hao's head hurt. Should he break through this place?
 However, if the other party didn't open his Dao Meridian and was weak, he would be finished if he casually broke through the bright star World. He might even explode.
 However, separated by a layer of the universe, it was difficult for him to determine the other party's identity.
  Li Hao's head hurt even more!
 Whose Dao Meridian did this belong to?
 It wasn't easy for them to find a clue. They couldn't just stop here, right?
 Despite the dilemma in his heart, Li Hao thought for a while and still produced divine runes to surround the planet. Then, the word "Dao" appeared.
 It completely enveloped the vast planet!
 Feeling that this was still not safe, Li Hao thought for a while, then suddenly gritted his teeth and forcibly integrated the divine text of the word "Dao" into some of the dark stars.
 At this moment, Li Hao gasped for breath.
 "In that case, I've barely managed to locate him. Next, I just have to travel around the world and meet familiar auras or people I feel close to. Perhaps I'll be able to find someone with this Dao Meridian!"
 This way, at the very least, there wouldn't be too much danger and the other party wouldn't be killed by him.
 He could choose to break through his Dao Meridian at this moment and perhaps discover the other party ... What he was afraid of was that the other party was too weak and would directly break.
 He was worried that these things were not enough for him to position himself.
 Li Hao pondered for a moment and dripped another drop of blood into the dark Star.
 "That's about it ... If I meet someone like director Wang, like my son ... He should be the owner of this planet!"
 Li Hao was very satisfied. The next moment, he quickly travelled. He was about to leave this place.
 As for the primary martial divine bone, its energy was almost exhausted, so he didn't care anymore.
 It was just a bone!
 If he still failed this time, he would continue snatching the ginger and leave next time. He would snatch a few more and come back to study them. He would use them as an energy primer to guide his energy.
 ……
 Soon, following the location of the starry sky sword, Li Hao traveled through the void and returned to the real world.
 The next moment, someone sensed it.
 Yuan Shuo appeared in an instant. Seeing Li Hao, he heaved a sigh of relief."Don't go in alone. It's still very dangerous ... There's news that the Three Kingdoms are sending their troops and are about to enter the three continents. Everyone is waiting for your arrangements!"
 Li Hao nodded."There's no hurry. Recruit soldiers first and make preparations. I'll deal with it!"
 "The king of Dali didn't move, right?" he asked.
 "No, I didn 't,"
 "That's good!"
 Li Hao chuckled and said,"teacher, I'm looking for the Dao Meridian of the physical body. I seem to have found something. If I can find it, find it, and open it ... That'll be a real achievement!" "Therefore ... I'll go and take a look first. Now that I'm powerful, I can travel through the void and sense my surroundings very quickly ... So, I'll wait a little longer!"
 Yuan Shuo frowned,"opening 360 apertures, there will definitely be some changes ..."
 "That's too late!"
 Li Hao shook his head, and Yuan Shuo was speechless as well. He felt that such a transformation should only be applicable to experts. Li Hao's insistence on focusing on the physical Dao Meridian was a little off.
 Of course, this disciple of his had a lot of ideas, and he had no way to stop him.
 "Then hurry up ... Don't waste too much time on this!"
 "I know!"
 Li Hao nodded and instantly disappeared.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao's perception was at its maximum. He began to float in the air and sweep the surroundings. A powerful force covered the world.
 He extended his perception in all directions.
 Thus, many people saw Li Hao that day. Li Hao only glanced at them and didn't stay for long. However, many people trembled in fear, and the powerhouses of some provinces looked as if they were facing a great enemy.
 After Li Hao floated past and disappeared, everyone felt a little more at ease.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, frowned more and more.
  He first swept through the northern continent, but he didn't sense any connection. Apart from director Wang, no one had such a close feeling with him.  Li Hao had no choice but to quickly enter the central continent.
 It was only because he was strong and energetic. Otherwise ... This kind of task of looking for a needle in a haystack would be extremely difficult.
 Li Hao was silent for a while before he entered the bright star sector again.
 Judging the direction, even though the bright star sector's direction might not be accurate ... He didn't care anymore. In any case, he had to sweep in every direction.
 Just like that, when the Three Kingdoms were approaching.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was running around in search of people with a physical Dao Meridian.
 Li Hao became more and more excited as he advanced toward the West. He vaguely sensed that perhaps ... The person was in the West!
 On this day, Li Hao flew across the sky, causing the Western continent's powerhouses to shiver in fear.
 They were afraid that Li Hao was here to kill them!
 Li Hao passed through the Western continent and mountains. Finally, he stopped in a direction. In the distance, a giant city that looked like a divine Kingdom floated over.
 Li Hao's mouth was wide open, and he was speechless.
 How was that possible?
 He seemed to have sensed that the Dao Meridian ... Was actually in this city.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The divine Kingdom of the West!
 Did they have a Dao Meridian?
 As he thought about it, he suddenly realized something. Gods were born with Dao meridians. Why didn't the people of the Western divine Kingdom have Dao meridians?
 Strictly speaking, perhaps the people of Scandinavia were the true natives.
 "I see!"
 Li Hao mumbled. In the distance, someone shouted,""Who is spying on my divine Kingdom?"
 Li Hao stood still and looked into the distance. Many powerful figures appeared, as if a God had awakened.
 Li Hao looked at it for a while, then looked at it again and again. He suddenly smiled and turned to leave.
 At this moment, his eyes were filled with madness and excitement.
 He wanted to ... Destroy the God nation first!
 That Dao Meridian seemed to be in the center of the divine Kingdom. It seemed to be an important figure. It was not easy to capture it, nor was it easy to investigate the Dao Meridian directly. However, he could destroy the divine Kingdom and open the physical Dao Meridian for everyone.
 ……
 In the main hall of the divine Kingdom, the Queen looked to the East and frowned.
 Who was it?
 Why ... Did he feel a sense of familiarity?
 He was an expert!
 At this moment, an illusionary figure appeared and said with a serious voice,""That person just now might be Heavenly Star Li Hao. He travelled through the void and had a powerful aura. It was as if the will of the heavens had descended, and the great Dao had appeared. Even we were a little shaken ..."
 Li Hao?
 The Queen was taken aback."Water god, why is he here?"
 "I'm not sure,"
 The Queen was silent for a moment and did not express her feelings. Li Hao?
 Why did this person suddenly appear in the West?
 To investigate the situation?
 But what could Li Hao Do by himself?
 Now that the country's gods had recovered a lot, and he was unparalleled in battle, Li Hao would not be able to leave if he did not.
  However ... He was still a little confused. He had never seen Li Hao before, so why did he have a feeling from so far away that his father ... Was here?
 The Queen shook her head slightly. It was a strange feeling.
 This Li Hao was indeed extraordinary!
 It was a little scary!
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao was extremely excited, and countless thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Could it be that he was a God?
 There were tens of thousands of Immortals, and it was very likely that they had opened a special Dao Meridian.
 Since that's the case ... I won't be polite!
 I'll let the world see that I'm still the king of the land of Silver Moon!

 He didn't stay in the West for long.
 Li Hao quickly teleported and headed north.
 The king of Dali, who hadn't seen Li Hao for a long time, quickly sensed Li Hao's aura and heaved a sigh of relief. It had to be said that Li Hao's appearance actually made everyone feel safer.
 Since Li Hao didn't show up, it was a little empty.
 The enemy was like this, and so were their own people.
 Now, everyone was a little afraid of this young man who had just turned 21 years old. This guy was getting more and more mysterious, and no one could see through him.
 ……
 Silver City.
 Li Hao's return made everyone feel much better.
 At some point, everyone started to trust Li Hao more and more. They felt more at ease with Li Hao around, even though Li Hao said that he didn't want to solve all the problems by himself.
  However, in an era, even if it was faith, there was a need for a pillar to exist.
 And Li Hao had clearly given everyone such confidence.
 The moment he returned, director Zhao rushed over. He didn't waste any words and went straight to the point,""A few major cities have already sent people to contact us, hoping to reach an agreement. You've been in closed-door cultivation these few days, so it's not good to disturb you."
 "Which few?"
 Li Hao cut to the chase.
 "The Zhou family's main city, Star River City."
 "There's also the Zhang clan's main city, dingtian city. "
 Director Zhao quickly said,"there are only these two. Also, there are some movements in the Hong family's main city. But maybe because the divine weapon was broken, the Hong family hasn't made a decision."
 "The Zheng family's main city. We don't know the exact location yet."
 Out of the eight main cities, aside from war heaven, sword city, and martial Union, which had just reached an agreement, there were still five main cities left.
 The Zhou family's spear and the Zhang family's saber were the two reasons.
 As for the remaining three families, it was the Zheng family's young master who held them back, the Hong family's hammer, and the Liu family's leg.
 The Zheng family might have rebelled, so there was no movement at all.
 As for the Hong family and the Liu family, Li Hao had lost their hammer and boots. Perhaps because of this, they didn't send anyone to contact him. On the other hand, the Zhang family's saber was also gone, but they still sent someone.
  Li Hao thought for a while and sent a voice transmission. Soon, someone came.  Director Wang had been on the verge of death recently. Because his great Dao of origins hadn't completely stabilized, he hadn't formed his own unique Dao Meridian. Every time Li Hao drew the Dao character divine text, he would feel a little pitiful.
 At this moment, he looked at Li Hao with some resentment.
 Li Hao smiled in embarrassment and quickly changed the topic.""Director Wang, I have some understanding of the eight great families, but I don't know much about them. Can you briefly tell me about the situation of the eight great families?"
 "You know about the Li family and Wang family. You also know about martial Union's situation,"
 Director Wang didn't think too much about it. When Li Hao asked, he explained,""The remaining five clans are the Zhou clan's star River City, the Zheng clan's boundless city, and the Liu Clan's Hurricane city. These three clans are all related to the Holy Land of martial arts, star suppression city. They were built by the descendants of star suppression city."
 "The Zhang family's dingtian city was built by the descendants of the governor of the Nanjiang region, the hometown of the human King. The governor left behind many saber Dao techniques. You might have heard of some of them. Things like beheading Immortals and destroying emperors ... Were all named by him."
 Li Hao's expression was strange. He had indeed heard of it.
 Especially manic explosion, which was said to be his legacy. Among the Silvermoon martial masters, there was actually one who could be considered his legacy, frenzied sword!
 However, killing blade had taken a few martial masters to another place.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao had not seen frenzied sword for a long time.
 Hou Xiaochen had mentioned once that killing blade had gone somewhere else to handle some matters, and he had yet to return.
 It turned out that the Zhang family's saber was his legacy.
 As for the Zhou family's star River City, the Zheng family's boundless city, and the Liu family's Hurricane city, they were all inheritances from star suppression city.
  Director Wang continued,"as for the remaining Hong family, their ancestors aren't that famous. The Hong family's thunderstorm city was built by moving Silver Moon City after a strong person rose up in the late stage of neo martial arts. However, the other party has an identity. He graduated from Magic City martial science University and is a genius in the late stage of magic martial arts ..."
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 Of the Eight Families, three of them were related to star suppression city. As for the remaining families, putting aside the Li family, martial Union's Zhao family was built by the descendants of a martial Union Master. The Hong family was built by mcmau's genius, the Zhang family was built by the descendants of the governor of the homeland of the human King, and the Wang family was built by a relative of the blood Emperor.
 In that case, they all had some background.
 "Then, according to the order of the song, why is the Li family first, the Zhang family second ... And the Wang family last?" Li Hao asked.
 Director Wang shook his head."In the eight major cities, other than the Li family, the other families aren't that different. If you insist on saying that the Zhang family is second ... It's hard to say." Until now, there was no accurate answer as to who had spread this song. After all, it's only a small world. Besides venerable sword, the other families, no matter how powerful they are, don't have real venerable sovereigns!"
 For example, the Wang clan had a powerful background, but it was not the blood Emperor who was personally overseeing the place.
 Li Hao nodded."Then, according to what you said, the Zhou, Zheng, and Liu families are one?" he asked.
 "That's not necessarily the case ... It's all because the ancestors were close, but it doesn't mean that the relationship between the descendants is the same. As the saying goes, one generation has two relatives, and the third and fourth generations don 't. Even the direct relatives are like this, let alone the descendants, they are not even the descendants of the same ancestor ..."
 Director Wang didn't really care about this,""The families in Star Town City didn't have a good relationship with each other. Since the establishment of new martial arts, they all went their separate ways."

