fileno%d
oment, Li Hao's confidence grew even more firm!
 Only in this way could he stand in an undefeatable position!
 The People's hearts are hard to take back, so I'll take back my Dao heart first!
 If more great stars were to gather, perhaps they would naturally gather here in the later stages. If someone activated various divine power Dao meridians, they might be naturally attracted here. By then, he wouldn't need to move them.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao suddenly smiled.
 The next moment, divine runes appeared.
 The five elements divine text, wind, Thunder, light, and darkness Divine text all appeared.
 The nine divine runes were divided into nine areas.
 Li Hao looked at the entire universe and saw many stars. They should be the Dao meridians cultivated by some people ... From today on, I'll be a Porter and move all the great stars from their original places. While no one can enter the bright star sector yet, I'll complete my plan of returning my great Dao to my heart.
 I'm someone who's going to become the Dao master!
  When everyone's great Dao had converged with his, he might be able to restrain them and even kill them through the bright star realm at any time!
 Yes, that was what Li Hao was thinking.
 He was thinking that perhaps the great Dao of deities could be shifted over. If he could kill them through the bright star field ... It might be even easier.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao began to work.
 He flew towards the universe and saw a water-elemental star. He didn't care who opened the Dao Meridian. He immediately grabbed the star and moved it towards the area fixed by his water-elemental divine text!
 The star was like a giant dragon. It even resisted, but it was no match for Li Hao. Soon, Li Hao caught one of the stars. However, he was not quiet when they arrived.
 It was not until some Water-type energy overflowed from Li Hao's divine runes and made the star absorb it even faster that the star finally calmed down.
 The other party would only be willing to stay here if he was offered some benefits.
 Li Hao smiled. At this moment, he was injecting energy into the Star, but soon, when there were more water-elemental stars here, it would be time for him to receive energy in return.
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the outside world.
 Heavenly Star City.
 One of the water elemental Espers looked around in confusion. His cultivation speed seemed to have increased a little. Could it be that there was energy seeping out of the world again?
 However, he did not feel anything.
 As for a deeper level of perception, he didn 'T. He only felt that his cultivation speed was different, and a person seemed to appear in his mind-Li Hao!
 Could it be ... The influence of the new martial Dao?
 He was also cultivating the new martial arts, but his cultivation speed was not fast. He was not clear what this meant.
 On this day, many people had the same feeling.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com ……
 In the bright star sector, Li Hao was like a tireless ant, constantly moving all kinds of star Dao meridians.
 He had such an idea in the first place, but he had always thought it was too troublesome and difficult, so he had not done it. But this time, after being defeated by the Queen, Li Hao gritted his teeth. The Queen was favored by heaven, so he had to control the great Dao!
 He couldn't just not have any advantages.
 Previously, he had thought that he was invincible and that all he had to do was open his Dao meridians continuously. However, Li Hao suddenly realized that the more Dao meridians he opened, the more stable the world seemed to be. If this continued, perhaps a top-notch expert would be able to recover before he became stronger.
 Even if they were a bit weaker than him, with more people, they could still kill him.
 He ... Might have become the ceiling to open the limits of the world.
  ……  Everyone was cultivating in the mine vein.
 The huge ore vein had also dimmed a little. At this moment, tens of thousands of people were extracting the energy of the ore vein.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, didn't do anything.
 Jiang Li was also curious. At this moment, he didn't chat with the others. He was also drawing energy from this place to cultivate. No one stopped him. He felt he had made a profit, so he didn't want to talk to those old fogeys anymore.
 ……
 In the treasure pool, everyone was opening their meridians. After opening their physical body's Dao meridians, everyone started to open other Dao meridians. They were all impatient.
 "Did you notice ... That someone is touching my Dao Meridian?" someone suddenly said.
 He felt that everyone still had some.
 But at this moment, no one said anything.
 Yuan Shuo saw Southern Fist's ramble and couldn't help but say in a bad mood,""Who did you say moved it?"
 Was there even a need to ask?
 If there were any changes in the bright star sector, it must have been Li Hao's doing. Who knew what he was doing?
 "Hmm?" Yuan Shuo pondered for a moment before suddenly asking,"have you noticed that your cultivation ... Seems to be a little faster ..."
 The crowd looked at each other, but the feeling was not obvious.
 Yuan Shuo didn't say anything else. He was only guessing what Li Hao was doing.
 He touched everyone's Dao meridians ... Could it be that ... He was sorting out the Dao universe? it couldn't be, right?
 This was a huge project!
 This guy should reflect on his pain and think of ways to open more Dao meridians. What was he doing in the Dao universe?
 ……
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was excited.
 More and more Dao meridians were gathered together by him.
 At that moment, it was like a Silver River in front of him. Many Dao meridians were gathered in each region. Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth were the most eye-catching. There were many powerhouses who cultivated these five elements.
 The others were slightly weaker.
 The attribute-less area and the physical body path area, one Jade-white and the other dark-black, were both divided by Li Hao.
 Li Hao smiled at the scene in front of him. This was only the beginning. He had only temporarily gathered the nearby Dao meridians. He was afraid that it would take too much time if he were too far away.
  At this moment, there was a great star floating in each region, which became the core of the region!
 That was Li Hao's own path!
 "It would be perfect if the Dao characters were suspended in the central area!"
 Li Hao already had some plans.
 The word "Dao" was floating in the center.
 The surroundings were densely covered with areas of various attributes. After a perfect division and cleaning, a great Dao universe with perfect laws would definitely be formed.
 As for him ... He really had a chance of becoming a Dao master.
 "A single Dao Meridian of a deity must be very powerful. I haven't discovered it yet. If I did, I could teleport it over. Even if I can't destroy it directly, I can give the other party a thunderous blow through the bright star realm the next time the battle breaks out!"
 After suffering this loss, Li Hao decided to keep a low profile. He would fight the gods after he perfected his control of the great Dao in this place.
 He felt that he had taken another step forward on his path to becoming Dao master. It could be considered the motivation that the Queen had given him.

 A fall into a pit, a gain in wisdom.
 Today, Li Hao wasn't as ostentatious as before, and he wouldn't immediately announce anything he discovered to the public.
 After all, I'm not invincible.
 In this world, even now, there are still people who can suppress me.
 Even without the Queen, the Prophet God was able to hold back a Saint without caring about anything else. Even if the Saint did not use all his strength, it was still impressive.
 The gods were awakening.
 To receive the favor of heaven and earth.
 Moreover, Li Hao knew that his discovery of the bright star Avenue had actually helped these gods. All the people practiced martial arts, and these gods had also received something in return. It had to be said that these gods had actually reaped some benefits that belonged to Li Hao.
 However, there was no other way.
 These gods were born to represent some great DAOs.
  It could only be said that Li Hao had contributed greatly to the divine Kingdom's strength today. The rapid recovery of the gods could not have been done without Li Hao's promotion of martial arts for all the people. Unfortunately, the gods were ungrateful.
 Li Hao was very angry!
 However, he also knew that it was useless to be angry.
 The best way was to strengthen himself.
 ……
 When Li Hao walked out of the bright star sector again, a day and a night had passed.
 In the treasure pool, everyone was cultivating.
 They were racing against time.
 The huge treasure pool was now a little empty. Even so, some martial masters were still reluctant to leave. They even stuffed the mud and medicinal herbs at the bottom of the treasure pool into their mouths.
 Li Hao chuckled."Stop eating. That thing ... Is like the mud after a bath. You guys eat it too?"
 Nan Quan swallowed a large piece of mud in one gulp and said disapprovingly,""The energy it contains is extremely rich, much stronger than the divine power stones and the spring of life. It's only a big mine now. If it were in the past, you'd have to fight until your head bled if you wanted to eat it!"
 It made sense.
 However, even though everyone agreed in their hearts, they still retorted,""You're so disgusting!"
 "It's not as disgusting as you. You dislike it. Don't eat it!"
 "I'll eat this?"
 "The grandson is stealing food!"
 "Oh, you want to fight?"
 “……”
 Yesterday, the Silver Moon martial masters had been half dead, but today, they had all returned to normal. They were all smiling as if nothing had happened the day before. Having a big heart was also one of the strengths of Silver Moon martial masters.
 Scolding was scolding, but there was no need to fight. If he had the energy, wouldn't it be nice to fight a God?
 At this moment, Nan Quan ignored the provocative Thunderbolt kick and said excitedly,""We've all grown stronger today. If you still have the confidence to deal with that Queen ... Let's go kill her!"
 We'll come back one day later!
 F * ck you!
 This speed, you can't imagine it, right?
  "How's everyone's progress?"Li Hao chuckled.  "At least nine meridians, nine levels of the mountain sea realm!"
 At this moment, BA Dao also said coldly,""If it wasn't for the southern Fist and the others holding us back ..."
 Nan Quan instantly flew into a rage,"I'm at the first level of the sun Moon realm!" I've opened 10 meridians and stepped into the sun Moon realm. BA Dao, you didn't target me in the past, but now you're doing the same? Why don't you just say that Jade lightsaber and the others are the ones who are holding you back?"
 His recent progress was not slow.
 At this moment, he had opened 10 meridians and many aperture acupoints. Many of his Dao meridians were half opened. BA Dao looked down on him, but he was not happy.
 BA Dao raised his eyebrows but didn't say anything.
 Women disdained to compare.
 Among the men, BA Dao felt that if Southern Fist had a good mentality, it was fine to look down on him. But for those with a bad mentality, such as Golden Gun and the others, he was worried that they would run away from home after being provoked.
 Thus, when he thought about it ... It was just right to use the southern Fist as an attack target.
 Li Hao laughed and said,"alright, quiet down."
 Then, he looked at the crowd and said,""Currently, who has opened the most meridians?"
 He wasn't like in the past, directly going to check on everyone.
 He was young and insensible, but now he was a little more sensible.
 Everyone looked at each other in confusion. Yuan Shuo was the first to speak,""I don't know how the others are doing, but I've opened 5 magical power meridians ... No, including the physical body Dao meridians, I've opened 6 meridians and 210 apertures, so I've opened 12 meridians in total."
 12 veins, that was considered the first level of the sun Moon realm, only that he had reached the peak of the first level.
 It was not too shocking.
 Of course, Yuan Shuo should be able to step into the second stage of the sun Moon realm soon.
 The moment Yuan Shuo spoke, Hong Yitang coughed lightly,""I've opened 7 divine arts, 1 physical body, 199 apertures, and a total of 11 meridians. "
 Actually, he was only one aperture away from opening 12 Dao meridians.
 Li Hao suspected that he was deliberately giving in to Yuan Shuo.
 Otherwise, how could he have just opened 199 apertures? could it be that he couldn't even open one more?
 Yuan Shuo and Hong Yitang had only opened 11 to 12. The others actually didn't have much more than the southern Fist.
 However, Li Hao still looked at the others.
  Lin Hongyu saw Li Hao looking at her and was about to say something when Li Hao said,""You don't have to hide anything. I want to know everyone's true strength."
 This woman was very talented.
 Moreover, their combat strength was not weak.
 Long ago, she already had the battle-power of seven elements. There were very few people here who were stronger than her.
 Even Hong Yitang and the others might not be stronger than her.
 She had even killed an origin avatar before.
 Lin Hongyu was a little embarrassed, but she still said,""I've opened 7 divine power meridians, 1 physical body Meridian, and 203 apertures ..."
 Yuan Shuo was stunned and looked at her.
 This woman opened her aperture so quickly?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was considered to be extremely fast. He even gave up on opening other divine power Dao meridians and continued to open his apertures. He only had seven more apertures than this woman. The key was that this woman had been busy with the affairs of the entire dynasty.

 Yuan Shuo was a little puzzled.
 Although they both had 12 Dao meridians, strictly speaking, the other party had opened three more apertures than him.
 Lin Hongyu smiled shyly. Of course, everyone knew that it was fake. This woman was really good at pretending.
 Lin Hongyu said embarrassedly,"it's Lord redwoods. He secretly ... Helped me with a lot of spring of life." As you all know, I have been working with senior Sequoia before, so ..."
 No one asked if it was true or not.
 However, at this moment, everyone felt a little strange.
 He had 12 Dao meridians and three more apertures than Yuan Shuo ... Although the actual number was less, according to the completeness of the Dao meridians, a complete Dao Meridian could be counted as 10 apertures.
 Li Hao nodded slightly. He was not surprised.
 Then, he looked at the others.
 One was Yao si, this veteran top martial Master, one was director Zhao, who he had been secretly working with, and one didn't know how strong he was. The last one was Chen Zhongtian, this was a true top martial Master, even stronger than Yao si.
  This guy had always been half-dead, and Li Hao seriously suspected that these guys were hiding something.
 He was afraid that he would overshadow the Silver Moon Martial Master.
 That's right!
 These people were all stronger than the Silver Moon Martial Master before. They had opened their apertures together, cultivated together, and had the same resources.
 Li Hao didn't believe it!
 It was very likely that these people had been hiding their combat strength all along. They were not good people.
 Upon seeing Li Hao's gaze, director Zhao coughed."There's no point in looking at me. I found out too late, and I opened my eyes too late. I've only opened 170 apertures and haven't even opened a complete Dao Meridian ... I've only opened seven divine power Dao meridians and one physical Dao Meridian ... I'm weaker than them all and can only be considered at the eighth tier of the mountain sea realm."
 “…………”
 Everyone was looking at him.
 Even Huang Yu couldn't help but ask,""It's not too difficult for us to open the apertures. With enough resources, it's easy to open 180 apertures. You've only opened 170?"
 The first 180 were only at half a Meridian!
 It wasn't like he had opened all his Dao meridians!
 You F * cking said you were at the eighth layer of the mountain sea realm, making it seem as if everyone had overestimated you. Long before he had opened his aperture, he had already been able to scare Ying Hongyue away and suppress some of the old fogey's clones.
 This fellow said that he was only at the eighth level of the mountain sea realm. Did he think that everyone was stupid?
 Director Zhao coughed once more."It's true. I found out too late. Furthermore, Silver Moon is about to face war ..."
 Li Hao just looked at him in silence.
 "It's not that I have to find out about everyone's strength. The point is, if I don't know your strength, it's easy for me to arrange the wrong opponents for everyone,"he said after a while.
 "For example, this time ..."
 Li Hao frowned slightly and said,"the reason we didn't succeed this time is actually related to the fact that everyone's strength is different, and the enemies we deal with are asymmetrical!" Teacher shouldn't have gone against the five Element God, and the monster plant clone shouldn't have gone against the life God ..."
 Seeing how serious he was, director Zhao coughed again,""It's really so-so ... But I seem to have forgotten ... To count the Dao meridians of the four limbs that I've opened before. These four Dao meridians are also among the 36 Dao meridians. So, if I count these 40 apertures, I've opened 210 apertures and eight other Dao meridians."
 There were 40 more in an instant! This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Everyone cursed in their hearts!
 Beast!
 The Dao meridians of the four limbs had long been incorporated into the system, so how could he forget?
 Therefore, the real situation was that this guy had opened six attribute-less Dao meridians and eight other Dao meridians, a total of 14 meridians!
 All of a sudden, he had two more meridians than Yuan Shuo and the others. He was the first cultivator at the second level of Sun Moon realm, excluding Li Hao!
 Even Yuan Shuo could not help but roll his eyes!
 However, they were not too surprised. Zhao Shuguang was in charge of Silver Moon and was extremely powerful. He had opened 14 meridians. They were not too surprised. They just looked down on this fellow. Even now, he might not have told them the whole truth.
 Shameless!
 Li Hao was a little surprised. 14 Dao meridians was not a small number.
 As for himself, that was because he had taken the initiative.
 Director Zhao did find out very late, but he quickly opened 210 apertures. This speed ... Was really too fast. It could only be said that this person was too strong before, which was why he changed so quickly.
 Li Hao nodded.
 Finally, there was a real powerhouse at the second level of the sun Moon realm.
 Chen Zhongtian saw him looking over and said,""I don't have as many as him. I've also opened 12 meridians."
 Li Hao frowned. Chen Zhongtian helplessly said,""Really, I'm not lying."
 Alright, I'll believe you this time.
 Seeing him look over, Yao si slightly shook his head: "I'm driving a little less, 11, but I'm almost 12. "
 His slightly regretful look didn't seem fake.
 "Apart from director Zhao, no one else has reached the second level of the sun Moon tier?" Li Hao could only ask.
 10-12 They were all at the first level of the sun and moon.
  Not a single one of them was at the 2nd rank?
 No, just one?
 p Although Lin Hongyu seemed to be getting there soon, she still needed some time.  These people's progress didn't seem to be too surprising.
 Of course, it was much stronger than before.
 Just as Li Hao felt that no one could reach this level, director Wang suddenly coughed.""That ... I'm considered one, right? I've opened 260 acupuncture points, but ... I've only opened one physical Meridian and one lightning Meridian. "
 Li Hao was stunned.
 "Where did you get your physical meridians from?"
 I didn't make one for you!
 "When you went to the bright star sector, I went out to ask old Qi to help make it ... This ... Is no problem, right?"

 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment, then laughed.
 Created by director Qi?
 Alright!
 He had actually opened 260 acupuncture points, which meant that he had opened 16 meridians in total. In addition to his lightning and physical body cultivation, he had opened 18 meridians.
 At the current stage, other than Li Hao and a few others who were blessed by the heavens, this was almost the limit of the world.
 18 veins, peak of the third level of Sun Moon realm.
 This was probably the limit of all the powerhouses except Li Hao, the Queen, and the Li King. The so-called limit was that they would not be cut by heaven and earth. The divine Prophet must have paid a great price for using some special means, so that was not counted.
 And Jiang Li had to use the divine bone of beginner martial to reach this level.
 However, director Wang was considered normal.
  He was an undying fighter!
 The physical body he had created now was relatively simple. He had even used the great Dao of origins to open up the bright star World. Other than being unstable, everything else was fine.
 Li Hao smiled."That's right. Director Wang, you're indeed a top-notch expert. You opened 18 meridians. Impressive!"
 Director Wang also smiled, but he was a little reserved.
 It was just so-so!
 In the past, he was only at the middle stage of the Paragon level, right?
 Of course, he was relatively stronger now. If he entered the ruins, he could fight ordinary early stage immortal realm cultivators who hadn't fully recovered.
 Li Hao was in a good mood.
 Although director Wang was not a modern person of Silver Moon, he had a physical body. Furthermore, he was now a part of the system and could be considered a direct descendant. It was not bad to have the power of 18 meridians.
 Apart from one or two, none of them were as strong as director Wang.
 Among the gods, the God of War and the God of life were stronger. However, if they fought with director Wang now, they might not win. It was a 50 - 50 chance.
 Li Hao laughed.
 It was still alright!
 As for the others, they weren't weak either. At the very least, they were much stronger than before. In just one day, everyone's strength had greatly improved. They would definitely not be suppressed by the gods like before.
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at director Zhou and said with regret,""Other than the origin Energy I've collected before, I haven't collected much recently. Director Zhou ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was such a pity!
 Director Zhou smiled,"it's okay, actually as the limits of the world increase, my strength has also improved!" It's actually not bad to have enough energy ... Also, I have a presumptuous request ..."
 "What?"
 Director Zhou coughed and said,"that ... That director Wang, didn't you change your body before?" However, the body that he used the undying wood to recover is still there, and ... The price was not small. I was thinking, don't waste it, why not ... I give ... That?"
 “……”
  Everyone was stunned.  "You want to eat me?" director Wang's face changed.
 "No, no,"
 Director Zhou consoled him,"your body was originally made from the undying wood. Actually ... It's the body of a monster plant. You don't need it anymore. If it was the bright star path, it can't be too wasteful. The governor is not willing to massacre the monster plants anymore ... Look ..."
 Director Wang still couldn't accept it. "That won't do. That's my body. It's the same. If you eat a human, are you still a human?“
 "I don't mean it that way ..."
 Director Wang wasn't doing it anyway!
 That physical body was exactly the same as his. It was too uncomfortable to be eaten by someone else.
 Although he knew that since he had embarked on this path, it would be difficult to turn back.
 But ... He still couldn't get over this.
 Of course, this physical body had indeed cost a lot to complete. It was a pity to waste it now. He thought about it and said,""Don't think about it. Get Governor li to find the power of the origin source and the imperishable substance for you ... My physical body ... My physical body won't go to waste!"
 "I want to give it to ninth brother. What do you think, Governor?" he looked at Li Hao.
 "Ninth brother?"
 "The Li Daozong!"
 Director Wang laughed."That guy isn't too willing to build a new body and doesn't want to walk the new martial path. This time, he lost some of his Origin Energy. My idea is to ... Give him my old body. That way, you can avoid some trouble and not be ridiculed by this guy."
 This was not a bad idea.
 Director Wang didn't want to be eaten by director Zhou, but if the 9th Division commander did, he wouldn't mind.
 "Sure!" Li Hao laughed.
 Director Wang heaved a sigh of relief.
 "As for director Zhou ... I'll take a look later," Li Hao said.
  After he finished speaking, he looked at the others.
 Among them, Liu Long was the one he was most concerned about.
 Seeing Li Hao look over, Liu Long said in a low voice,"" 190 apertures opened, three sacred art Dao meridians, and one physical body Dao."
 A total of 6 meridians were opened.
 Sixth level of the mountain sea realm!
 This strength could only be considered average. Although it could be compared to the six-elemental god art back then and his improvement was considered fast, he was still far behind the others.
 Li Hao didn't care too much. He smiled and said,""It's fine as long as the physical body's Dao Meridian is opened. The Army is mainly the strength of the team. As long as they can withstand more power, then next, we can use the blood Qi of the soldiers to burst out with extremely powerful strength!"
 Liu Long was now in charge of the Demon Hunter Army, and the Demon Hunter Army's strength had also increased by a lot. Once they fused again ... As long as Liu Long could withstand it, his battle prowess would definitely not be weak. The prerequisite was that his body had to be strong!
 Even Liu Long had reached the sixth level of the mountain sea realm, so the others wouldn't be much weaker than him.
 No matter how weak they were, they were at least at the mountain sea level.

 Li Hao was even more satisfied!
 A cultivator at the first tier of the mountain sea realm was already comparable to divine power realm cultivators from before. There was no one present who was weaker than the mountain sea realm, and that was already pretty good. One had to know that not long ago, Li Hao had claimed that the mountain sea realm had broken through 10000 ... That was pure nonsense.
 But now ... He was just bragging.
 There really weren't many mountains and seas.
 There were over a hundred people here, and all of them could be considered to have stepped into the mountain sea realm. There were also a few Sun Moon realm cultivators. There were also a few others at the transcendent level. However, none of them could be considered to be direct descendants. The true power of the direct descendants was just these people.
 He then turned to the commanders of the heaven battling Union and said with a smile,""Guild leaders ... Are you interested in using a new human's body? Or a neo martial body? That's up to you ... But at the current stage, there's a path for the neo-human body. However, the neo-martial body is very troublesome. It's like director Zhou, it requires Origin Energy and a large amount of imperishable substance, so it's hard to improve!"
 Li Hao encouraged him."If we choose a new human body like director Wang, we'll catch up very quickly. We'll all be peak experts of the past ... Even if we're not, we're almost there. Now, we'll be able to enter the Sun-Moon level very soon!"
 The group leaders looked at each other. In the end, it was the seventh leader who spoke,""This ... We have to ask for the teacher's opinion."
 "It's not that troublesome!"
 Li Hao laughed."The commander said before that it's up to you. If you can't do it, you can ask general Huai and Guardian turtle for their opinions. Their clones are still here."
  This time, the clones of the two powerhouses were able to stop the two powerful gods.
 It was just that general Huai had been in a state of sealing the world and had not revealed much of his strength. However, they were only his avatars. Even if he had really attacked from the beginning to the end, he would not have been able to change much.
 The regiment commanders were a little hesitant. This hesitation ... Was actually hesitating whether to choose the new human body. If they wanted to choose the new martial body, there was no need to hesitate at all.
 This time, they were also dragged into the meeting.
 This was the first time he had entered Li Hao's core camp.
 However, everyone was still a little uncomfortable with abandoning their neo martial body. They were not as thick-skinned as director Wang.
 "If you don't have any objections ... Then ... We'll follow the eleventh division's decision!" The seventh Regiment commander said after a long time.
 “……”
 Li Hao laughed. What do you mean by "I can decide"?
 This meaning ... Actually, he still understood.
 He just wanted a new human body.
 After all, there were too many limitations to improving the neo martial body in this era. If he wanted to improve it, he had to kill people first, kill monster plants, kill ancient powerhouses, and kill them before he had a chance. This was very troublesome.
 "Alright, I got it. This time, I'll let the nine Regiment commanders, the chief of the inspection guard, and a few students from Yuanping martial arts university to recover their physical bodies. There'll only be about ten people, not too many ... As for the others, wait for some time!"
 The group leaders didn't say anything.  It was considered a silent agreement.
 Li Hao glanced at the Imperial Guards again. He also felt a headache, but he did not say anything. The Imperial Guards ... Were better off being a tree. He really did not have a good way to deal with the monster plants at the moment.
 Take the black leopard for example. Li Hao couldn't do anything to the demon beasts either. The black leopard had been slumbering in the depths of the mine vein recently. Whether it could activate the demonic Dao Meridian by itself ... Depended on the leopard's luck.
 At this stage, there were many more sun and moon level experts.
 Li Hao was much more confident than before.
 "This time," director Zhao said,"in the battle with Scandinavia, the gods were injured. The Prophet God and the moon god were also heavily injured. They probably won't dare to advance for a while ... Unless they really see our bodies collapse."
 "But ... The Li, the great wilderness, and the water Cloud Kingdom may not give up!"
 "Although we revealed our strength in the battle with Scandinavia, we weren't able to take them down. This will make them think that we're nothing!" Director Zhao said solemnly.
 They might have known that both sides were powerful, but since Li Hao had failed to take down the divine Kingdom, their previous wariness had disappeared.
 They might think that Li Hao was afraid of the divine Kingdom and would not rashly send troops to attack them.
 At this moment, Nan Quan suddenly snorted,""Who cares about them, let them fight! This time, if not for those people's sudden betrayal, we wouldn't have been defeated so easily. At that time, Li Hao had already suppressed the Queen of Scandinavia. It was all because of these bastards 'betrayal that the situation was reversed!"
 He still couldn't forget what happened before.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Uncomfortable!
  If not for the People's sudden fear of the gods and their lack of trust in Li Hao, who continued to support him, Li Hao would have suppressed the Queen of Scandinavia, but he failed at the last step!
 He was still indignant!
 Director Zhao sighed,"you can't say that!" The Heavenly Star military governor's office ... It had only been established for a short period of time. Although the martial arts cultivation method had been announced, it was impossible for everyone to trust you unconditionally in such a short time! Trust has to be built up bit by bit ..."
 This matter gave him a headache.
 He knew that after this incident, some of the people present would not say anything, but they would remember it in their hearts. They felt that the failure this time was caused by the lack of support from the people.
 However, as a leader who had been in charge of an area for decades, he knew all too well that it was almost impossible to get everyone to completely side with Li Hao at the current stage.
 How many days has it been?
 Just by announcing your martial arts and giving you a small favor, you expect everyone to regard you as a God?
 That's impossible!
 Lin Hongyu nodded and said,""Director Zhao is right, things have to be done bit by bit, especially in the other three continents, it's normal that they don't understand the governor! Even in the central region ... We'll have to wait for the Academy to open up and wipe out the literacy problem before we can establish basic trust!"

 "This is a huge project. Even if we speed up, it will take at least one or two years to complete!"
 She continued,"fortunately, the sky screen is still there. We have to speed up the installation. It would be best if every household has one. Then ... We will spread everything to the people. This way, the military governor will be deeply rooted in their hearts!"
 "That's too troublesome!"Nan Quan mumbled. In a few years, the war would be over!"
 Lin Hongyu didn't say anything, but director Zhao smiled,""It doesn't matter if I can't buff it now! The governor could still become stronger on his own. He didn't have to rely on the power of the emperor's great path! However, this is a policy to benefit the people, so we still have to do it. Only by doing it can everyone develop ... Only then can we no longer rely on the governor's office to complete the self-rescue. "
 Hong Yitang also nodded and said,"that's true. The support of the people is an additional thing. If we were to aim for this from the beginning, then there would be a problem in essence ... I believe that no one was aiming for this from the beginning. It's just that the military governor discovered it by accident. It's better to have it, but there's no need to feel bad even if we don 't."
 He, Lin Hongyu, and director Zhao were all discreetly admonishing him.
 She hoped that Li Hao wouldn't think that what he had done before was wrong.
 That's not good.
 At this moment, even Qian Wuliang, who didn't have a strong presence, said carefully,""I'll be presumptuous to say this, but the reason for this ... Might be because the governor didn't publicize himself! I think it's best to publish a 'governor's quotes' or other similar books to become basic teaching materials, or even a textbook to wipe out illiteracy!"
 "That's how people are. They follow the masses. If they keep learning from the governor, they might soon accept the governor's leadership from the bottom of their hearts ..."
  As soon as these words came out, some people scoffed, while some people felt that it was actually not bad.
 It was like this!
 If you don't promote yourself, if you don't promote yourself, how can people always understand you, trust you, and even believe in you?
 Li Hao thought for a moment and shook his head."Forget it. Just like the moon goddesses said, you don't believe in gods and want to break the God in your heart. Why create a God for everyone?"
 "To let the people trust me and treat me as a God ... Is a fallacy!"
 It was very contradictory!
 But Li Hao still laughed,"gods are never created!" "We can be without a God. Of course, we can have some spiritual beliefs ... For example, I used to like a book, the Silvermoon hero list! "Since ancient times, these people have been the ones that everyone pursued, liked, and worshipped as heroes, but not as gods ... This is actually what we need."
 Everyone's hearts trembled slightly.
 "If we defeat the four kingdoms," Li Hao continued,"I might rewrite the hero list and spread it to the world. That's the real way to make a name for myself!"
 Li Hao laughed."From now on, our legends will spread around the world. In the era of the star origin calendar, the heroes of Silvermoon defeated the enemy and set the world free. The thirty-six heroes and seventy-two heroes of that era ... Such things are the reputations that we martial artists should pursue!"
 He laughed, but everyone was stunned and looked around.
 All of a sudden, she was a little dazed.
 There were just over 100 people here.
 Thirty-six heroes and seventy-two heroes?
  Are you talking about us?  Li Hao laughed again."Even after all these years, perhaps we can leave our names behind. For example, when I succeed in the path of divine writing, I can write a book of the great Dao in divine writing, record everyone's names, and place them in the bright star sector. That way ... It will be perfect!"
 Li Hao laughed."If someone can still find the bright star sector and walk the bright star great Dao, our names and titles will be left in the great Dao universe and excavated by them ... We might be even more famous than the neo martial human King!"
 "Neo martial human Kings didn't even leave any legends in the universe of origin ... But we can!"
 When everyone heard this, they immediately yearned for it!
 Nan Quan also mumbled,"really?" He Yong of the southern Fist, the second of the thirty-six heroes ... Has it been passed down through the ages?"
 “……”
 Everyone was speechless. How did you get second place?
 Do you have any shame?
 At this moment, even the young men who had been silent, such as the shameless Hu Qingfeng, couldn't help but whisper,""Governor, do we ... Do we have a chance?"
 Before, Li Hao had been concerned about the elderly, and the young people didn't even dare to breathe.
 At this moment, he couldn't hold it in anymore.
 He forced a smile and said,"Governor, if you make up a hero list ... Can we leave a mark?" Even ... Even a casual mention would do!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao smiled."Of course we have a chance. This era has only just begun!" The strong enemies were still there, and there were countless opportunities to make contributions! After a few years, maybe your name, Hu Qingfeng, will be left behind. For example, Hu Qingfeng, who has copper skin and iron bones!"
  Copper skin and iron bones?
 "Governor, I ... Can I have a title?" Hu Qingfeng was stunned.
 However, what did this 'copper skin and iron bones' mean?
 "Your skin is thick, but your bones are as tough as iron!" Li Hao laughed.
 “……”
 Hu Qingfeng was speechless, but he quickly put on a smile and said,"Many thanks for the governor's reward! I'll be Hu Qingfeng with copper skin and iron bones from now on!"
 “……”
 Everyone was speechless. This guy was really shameless!
 At this moment, everyone was actually looking forward to it.
 Didn't the people of the martial arts world only chase after fame and fortune?

 Or rather, wasn't this what people were after in their entire lives?
 How many of Silver moon's men had died fighting for the title of the 36 heroes back then?
 And that was only in Silvermoon's territory!
 But now, he was going to leave his name for ten thousand years!
 To anyone, fame and fortune were things that could not be avoided. Even someone as indifferent as Tian Jian could not help but say,""Then, will I still be called Heavenly Sword in the future? I used to be second on the hero list ..."
 Everyone rolled their eyes. You're in second place again?
 Of course, this second place was more reliable than the southern Fist. He was a proper person who sat at the top, unlike the shameless Southern Fist. He should be called copper skin and iron bones!
 Li Hao was just saying that, but he didn't expect that even skysword would be tempted.
 He was slightly stunned as he looked at the crowd. At this moment, not only Tian Jian, but even his teacher, Yuan Shuo, was stroking his beard and said meaningfully,"Old demon five birds actually doesn't suit me. I've always had the air of an immortal. If I have the chance to leave my name behind in the future, I think ... I should change my name to immortal five birds, or perhaps five elements immortal ..."
 Everyone scoffed!
  At this moment, everyone seemed to be excited. Even Huang Yu, who had been quiet all this while, said in a low voice,""I don't want to be called an Ogre, it's too ugly! My spear Dao is not bad, just call me spear Saint ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "That's the Marquis 's!"
 Chief Steward Yu suddenly opened his mouth, somewhat dissatisfied!
 On the side, Jin Jin lowered his head. He didn't want to say anything, but at this moment, he couldn't hold it in anymore. He said in a muffled voice,"The Golden spear will never fall silent!"
 Spear God, it's me!
 Li Hao was dumbfounded!
 He felt that if he continued, everyone would start fighting.
 It was true!
 He had only said that, but in the end ... Everyone was actually so moved?
 All of them were going to change their names!
 It was as if he was already imagining the future.
 At this moment, no one cared about any setbacks, orthodoxies, or pulse unsealing.
 Was it really that important?
 As if reading Li Hao's mind, Hong Yitang said telepathically,""Since ancient times, leaving your name in history has always been the dream of everyone! Especially for us martial masters, to be able to leave your name in history is simply ... Of course, they're too vulgar!"
 As he said this, he shook his head and transmitted a message,""You can give me the name Heavenly Sword. Earthcover sword sounds a little inferior to Heavenly Sword, but can Heavenly Sword compare to me?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned.
 The next moment, he suddenly laughed madly. He looked at the crowd, pointed at them, and suddenly laughed so hard that he bent forward and backward."A bunch of mediocre people! How vulgar!"
 A bunch of ordinary people!
 Everyone looked displeased. The next moment, Li Hao laughed and said,""Then ... I'm not called demonic sword. I'm called Dao master, the master of all Dao! Everyone, you can also add the titles of Dao master, such as the master of sword Dao, the master of spear Dao, the master of saber Dao ... Hahaha ... Interesting!"
 At this moment, everyone looked at each other and laughed.
 A group of ordinary people!
 They had just suffered a defeat and had yet to unify the world. The four countries were still around, the three major organizations had not been destroyed, and the ancient monument had not opened yet. They were all here discussing how to leave their names in history.  He had even thought of a title.
 Even Li Hao had to call himself a Dao master.
 In the next moment, everyone burst into laughter. Suddenly, their laughter covered everything.
 ……
 At this moment, the crowd outside also heard the laughter and were a little stunned.
 Jiang Li looked at the neo martial artists in confusion. What ... What was going on?
 As they healed, they all laughed.
 Did he ... Forget that he had lost this time?
 Was he laughing so loudly to comfort himself?
 Or were these people really so bold that they didn't think much of their losses?
 Had Li Hao's body recovered?
 He thought for a moment. If the Dali dynasty went to war with full confidence, just like how the king of Dali had dealt with the avatars of the ancient city's experts and ended up losing, the millions of troops of the Li Dynasty did not dare to say a word.
 For a few days, she was extremely depressed.
 However, this side ... Had recovered just like that?
 At this time, Zhang an also looked inside and sighed with emotion.
 He then looked at the puppet students not far away with a complicated look in his eyes. After a long time, he suddenly transmitted a message to a few powerful students,""Neo martial is already a thing of the past. At least, it doesn't exist in this world! Even if there was ... It wasn't a neo martial art with a human King! As descendants of venerable sovereigns, you should understand this ... A new era, a new atmosphere. I'm old and unwilling to change. Fellow students ... The mercenary army is not a long-term path. You're all smart people. If you should make a choice ... Then make a choice while this is the first real large-scale battle!"
 Zhang an didn't care what the students thought and transmitted his voice again,""The new martial Dao is actually very interesting and has a lot of potential! "Li Hao can't be considered powerful. He's only comparable to the paragons of the past, and perhaps not as powerful as your main body ... This time, he suffered some losses against the divine Kingdom, but ... He has a big heart. At least for now, he's quickly adjusting. His invincibility has been broken, but he hasn't completely collapsed. He has his merits!"
 Li Hao had been invincible all this time, but he had failed this time. The moment his invincibility was broken was actually the biggest blow.
 But on Li Hao's side, even the Silver Moon martial masters managed to adjust their mindset and start over in such a short time. This time, Zhang an felt that it was time to give the students a choice.
 "Teacher ... We ..."
 "Don't worry too much. Li Hao won't reject you just because of one defeat. He's not that kind of person! This time, we're just spectators. If you're willing to join Silver moon's group ... Then you'll no longer be spectators! Even if you join this era, don't forget the neo martial spirit! Fight for this era, fight for yourselves, as long as you are willing ... You can still be integrated into it! Let go of the past and stop thinking that we don't belong to this era anymore!"
 "Make your choice. Li Hao promised to build a body for you. If you're willing, you can choose a new human body. If not, you can choose a new martial body! If you choose the body of a neo martial artist ... Then fight for the neo martial artist. If you choose the body of this era ... Then integrate into their era, okay?"
  At this moment, none of the puppets spoke as they fell into deep thought.
 Zhang an didn't say anything else, nor did he ask what everyone thought. The day they forged their bodies was the day everyone made their decision. If they didn't want to integrate into this era ... There was no need to forge their bodies.
 If he had the body of a new era, then he would embrace him and fight for him.
 As for him ... He should make a decision.
 At this moment, Zhang an took a deep breath and looked into the depths of the mine. He heard cheers and laughter. A war highlighted many things. Perhaps, for Li Hao, this was a great opportunity.
 Everyone should have a choice.
 His own people, neo martial arts neutrals, and enemies.
 Li Hao, I'm sure you understand all this, right?
 Zhang an thought silently, looked at the sky again, and suddenly laughed. At this moment, no one knew why he laughed, but Jiang Li, who was beside him, only felt it was inexplicable!
 A bunch of weird guys!

 In the mine.
 Everyone laughed, laughed, and joked with each other. The matter of Scandinavia had been completely put aside.
 "We had some minor losses before," Li Hao said."I've thought about it, and the main point is that we were too scattered!"
 "The four kingdoms 'attack has disrupted some of our plans."
 Li Hao looked at the crowd. After a moment of silence, he suddenly said,""I want to make peace with them!"
 “……”
 Everyone was stunned.
 It was the time when he was happy and everyone's strength was skyrocketing. What was he talking about?
 Make peace?
 In an instant, everyone was shocked.
  To an Overlord, to an expert who aspired to become a Dao master, this was simply ... A humiliation!
 At that moment, even Tian Jian couldn't help but ask,"Of the four kingdoms, besides the divine Kingdom, we can destroy the other three at any time. Why do we need to negotiate?"
 Li Hao said softly,"first of all, I don't want a large-scale war to break out right now. It'll be a waste of manpower and money. Second, even if we destroy one or two countries, it doesn't matter. They won the war and invaded the Central Plains, but we won't be able to invade the deserts and swamps. "
 "Thirdly, I'm currently in a period of transformation, a state of many things waiting to be done ... So, I want to bear with it for a while."
 "I hope to complete the internal unification before dealing with the four kingdoms," Li Hao said softly.
 Li Hao sighed."Before, I didn't admit defeat. I didn't admit defeat. I thought I was omnipotent!" But in reality ... That's not the case. That's why ... I request a truce!"
 Everyone found it hard to accept.
 Of course, some people felt that it was acceptable.
 "Governor ... If we ask for peace, the four countries might not be willing to withdraw their troops ..." Lin Hongyu said after a moment of silence.
 "Therefore, you have to pay the price!" Li Hao nodded.
 Li Hao smiled."The divine power Stone and the spring of life. These things are more precious than anything else!"
 "But ..."
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo couldn't help but ask,""But we might not be afraid of the four kingdoms. Instead, we have to compromise and offer Tributes to them. Do you want your reputation?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com No one had expected that Li Hao would make peace with the four countries.
 He would rather break than bend!  It was better to be broken Jade than intact tiles!
 This was the Overlord they had imagined, the Li Hao they had imagined, and the demonic sword they had imagined.
 Everyone, who was excited just a moment ago, was now sullen and in pain.
 Li Hao laughed."I need time. I need some time ... As a human, only through suffering can one rise above others. It's only one defeat. I'll just admit defeat. I, Li Hao ... Can lower my head!"
 He smiled,"as long as the four kingdoms are willing to give me some time, I'll naturally return the food I ate today the next day." What was the point of them fighting? At this stage, isn't it all for resources?"
 "Then I'll give it to them!"
 "Of course, we can also display our strength at the same time. Let's fight first ... Fight until we're almost there, and I'll personally go and make peace."
 Li Hao smiled."I have too many things to do. The promotion of education, the cultivation of food, the promotion of martial arts, the regulation of the Army, the gathering of talents, the clearing of relics, the restrictions of the three major organizations, the suppression of the various overlords ..."
 Li Hao sighed."I'm not a God. I'm just Li Hao. We're just martial masters. We're not omnipotent!" It's too difficult to achieve all this in such a short time!"
 "Now, we've fought with Dali and Scandinavia, and they know our strength!"
 "As long as we intimidate Da Huang and Shui Yun, they won't be willing to fight to the death with us. Unless the four sides come to an agreement and attack together, only then will they be able to resist us!"
 "Give them a lot of resources and let them digest ... It will take time. At that time, it will depend on who can digest it faster and who can grow faster."
 "Victory or defeat can not be decided in a short time."
 Even though Li Hao's words made sense, the crowd still couldn't tolerate it.
  Nan Quan was even more furious."We fought from the North to the central region. From the central region, we swept in all directions. We didn't even bow down to the neo martial artists. Now, you want us to bow down to the savages?"
 "Then what about our heavenstar's morale?"
 Li Hao said softly,"I know that it's hard for everyone to accept this, but I think that only by withdrawing my fist can I strike more fiercely!" As for the morale ..."
 Li Hao smiled."As long as our morale is still there, the others ... Can be slowly nurtured. With one victory, we can fight back!" Previously, I overestimated myself, my morale, and the strength of the entire star dynasty. That was why I lost. "
 Peace!
 Everyone still remained silent.
 Li Hao continued,"I've read many history books. Many great emperors suffered some losses in the early stages. They may seek peace, or seek marriage, or suffer patiently, or cede territory and pay indemnification...Of course, some of them are completely finished, but some rise again and are even more ferocious than before!"
 "As long as we don't become dispirited and improve ourselves silently ... There won't be any problems."
 Li Hao counted with his fingers and said,"we have too many things to do!" "This includes the revival of the heaven-battling Army, the revival of the students of Yuanping martial arts university, the cleaning of the ruins in the central region, the construction of the major Academies, and the spring plowing is about to begin ... At this moment, once there is turmoil, the country will be empty. The four kingdoms may not care, but we still have to care."
 Although Li Hao's words made sense, everyone remained silent.

 It was director Zhao who spoke up."I think it's actually pretty good. Of course, this peace ... We have to know our limits. We can't hurt our Foundation, and we can't let the enemy gain too much. We can't just ask for peace without even fighting a single battle ... Whether we win or lose, we have to at least let shuiyun and Dahuang know that we are not to be trifled with! They'll be satisfied after getting some benefits out of fear of us. Otherwise, they'll have a huge appetite!"
 "There's also Scandinavia ..." He added."We can make peace with the other three, but Scandinavia is the strongest, so we need to intimidate them!"
 Li Hao nodded and smiled,"that's right!" In addition, we can let the Li Dynasty continue to station themselves at the foot of the Cang Mountain...Other than the lack of food, I can continue to provide them with everything they need ... Of course, peace is peace, small-scale battles must be fought continuously!"
 "On one hand, it's to restrain them. On the other hand, it's to cultivate the strength of the new army!"
 "We must fight the Battle at the Border! The domestic construction needs to be done!"
 "Everyone, do you have any other opinions?"
 What else could he say?
 "Then I'm going to the South to hold the fort. I'm going to fight shuiyun. I'm also the governor of the South!" Nan Quan said in a low voice.
 Li Hao smiled and nodded."Sure. I'll send people to guard the four areas." If you want to go to the South, director Zhao and the others can take charge there. As for the West, it'll be a bit of a problem ... Once the divine Kingdom regains its strength, they won't let it go. Even if we ask for peace, they might not even care. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After saying that, Li Hao said,"let's go out!" Since everyone is here and Jiang Li is here, let's solve the Li Dynasty's problem first. "
  Everyone looked at each other and no one said anything.
 Li Hao's decision to retreat this time was beyond everyone's expectations.
 But if ... They really wanted peace, it might not be a bad thing.
 At this moment, everyone could only comfort themselves in this way.
 Even the Silver Moon Martial Master couldn't accept it.
 However, Lin Hongyu and the others thought that it was a good decision. The war with the four nations was a bit rushed, and there were too many things that had not been completed at home. Li Hao's Foundation was unstable.
 Don't fight to the death, and in the end, it will benefit others.
 Currently, very few of the Governors-General of the 99 provinces were really close to Li Hao.
 However, Li Hao didn't have the time to arrange for someone to replace them.
 There were still many military generals, but there were too few civil officials.
 If such a battle continued, perhaps the country would be in a mess, and they might not be able to clear it up even if they spent a long time.
 ……
 Outside the mine.
 Jiang Li's face changed when he saw Li Hao and his friends.
 It had only been slightly more than a day.
 These people had recovered from their injuries?
 Li Hao didn't care what he thought. He smiled and said,""Seniors ... How about we make another trip to the divine Kingdom of the West?"
 Zhang an was stunned.
 Go again?
 This ...
 "What?" Jiang Li was also dumbfounded. He couldn't help but ask,"Governor li is still going?"
 "I didn't suffer any losses."
 Li Hao laughed."I've already recovered. They might not have. What's there to be afraid of if we go now?"  "But ..." Jiang Li still couldn't help but say.
 "No buts!"
 Li Hao said indifferently, it doesn't matter if officiant Jiang doesn't go! We'll go!"
 At this point, Li Hao sneered,"the person who will make me suffer has yet to be born!" The divine Kingdom of the West almost killed my master and the ninth master's clone ... I'd like to see how many more tricks they have up their sleeves now that their Prophet is injured. "
 At this moment, Zhang an could not help but persuade,""There might still be some gods in the Western divine Kingdom who have yet to awaken. If they forcefully awaken, it will be a loss for them. But for you ... You don't have the strength to crush them ..."
 He felt that at this moment, it might be more appropriate to call a truce.
 "We don't need to fight ... Let's go and take a look," Li Hao said with a smile.
 "This ..."
 "Senior, please come with me again."
 "I'm still holding back my anger,"Li Hao said with a smile.
 Zhang an was helpless, but he still nodded.
 That was true.
 He was young and full of vigor, so he suffered a loss ... In reality, Li Hao didn't suffer much, but everyone thought that he had suffered a great loss. It was only natural that Li Hao was unwilling to accept this.
 Jiang Li was also speechless. He thought,"this guy is really vengeful!"
 Fortunately, he had not suffered any losses in the Li Dynasty. Otherwise ... With such a fast recovery speed, would he not have to fight every day?
 "I won't be bringing any ordinary soldiers this time ..."
 After saying that, Li Hao suddenly laughed and said,"how about this? I'll take 1000 heaven-battling troops and act as artillery!" Open the sky screen for me. I want to show the world that the star artillery squad is also a first-class Army!"
 "This ..."
 Zhang an could not help but say,"this is a bit of a waste. There are too many powerhouses on the other side. Even if we fire, it won't be of much use."
 "What a waste ... I'm going to bombard them once too!"
 “……”
 There was no way to say.
  Zhang an was completely silent.
 Perhaps this person was really not convinced?
 Forget it, if he wanted to, so be it.
 ……
 Among the group of people, some were helpless, while some were well aware of the situation. At this moment, none of them spoke.
 He followed Li Hao and steered another warship toward the West.
 Li Hao had actually returned.
 This was beyond everyone's expectations.
 At this moment, even Yuan Shuo and the others weren't sure if Li Hao was trying to intimidate them or if he really wanted to attack Scandinavia again. Sometimes, even the people around Li Hao couldn't tell what he was thinking.
 ……

 In the Western divine Kingdom.
 A day had passed, but the city was still in chaos. The Prophet God was badly injured, and the life goddess was healing him. The other gods were also healing themselves.
 There were a million soldiers in the city, and they had suffered great losses. Tens of thousands of them had died in battle.
 Fortunately, there were no ordinary people in the city. At this moment, after some repairs, it was barely able to restore its former military might.
 Li Hao's side felt that they were at a disadvantage, and so did the Queen's side.
 This time, a large number of gods had awakened.
 They had planned to March straight into the Central Plains without anyone stopping them. Their target was the powerhouses in the ancient relics, not Li Hao's team.
 Who knew that the ancient people would suffer a great loss at Li Hao's side before they even saw a few of them?
 At this moment, in the temple.
 The Queen looked at the black-robed expert below and said coldly,""During the battle, you said you were going to report to the ancient city, but you left quickly. You weren't there the moment the battle started! But you returned after the battle. This King suspects that you're Li Hao's spy!"
  She was not angry, but her might was unparalleled!
 The Black Panther expert was also helpless.
 How did I know that Li Hao would call as soon as I left?
 More importantly ... The divine Kingdom was not weak at all. It was rather powerful, but it could not gain any advantage over Li Hao. It could only be said that Li Hao's battle strength was also beyond imagination.
 "Your Majesty," he hurriedly said,"I returned to the city to explain the situation to you. I hope to mobilize more experts and destroy Li Hao in one fell swoop ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It would be an injustice to say that they were colluding with Li Hao.
 It could only be said that it was too coincidental to return.
 Of course, the Queen didn't believe that these people would join hands with Li Hao. Otherwise, the divine Kingdom would be in deep trouble.
 If they really wanted to join forces, they would not have incited the four countries to attack at the same time.
 However, he was unhappy.
 "Then, where are the reinforcements you've invited?" she asked coldly.
 "This ..."
 "I didn't know the situation before," the black-robed expert said helplessly."When I returned, I found out that there was a huge battle in the northern Silver Moon. It was against the Li King. The origin avatars of more than 60 experts in the city were completely annihilated by Li Hao's side ... And they've suffered great losses ..."
 "Trash!"
 The Queen did not hold back,'the neo martial artists of the past were not so fragile! "Now, you neo martial artists are becoming more and more useless. It seems that without the human King and his group, you are nothing!"
 Black robe was slightly annoyed.
 "It's just because the second recovery hasn't started!"He said in a low voice.
 Otherwise, who are you to be so arrogant?
 He cursed in his heart!
 He was so arrogant, but he was still attacked by Li Hao. It was said that his God died. He deserved it!
 He was cursing in his heart.
 Suddenly, the Queen's expression changed.
 It wasn't just her. At this moment, the gods who had gone to rest and recuperate appeared one after another. All of them were furious. Someone roared,""Arrogant!"
 "Damn it!"  "Why are they back so quickly?"
 "Let's go!"
 “……”
 In an instant, there was some chaos.
 The Queen's expression changed as well, and she disappeared from the hall in an instant. The black-robed man's expression also changed slightly, and he hurriedly followed.
 …………
 At the same time.
 At this moment, the sky was bright.
 A warship appeared about a thousand meters away from the city.
 Li Hao's group had already appeared.
 The Queen was instantly lifted into the air. She looked at the other side and was a little shocked. "You've recovered?"
 How was that possible?
 She had personally fought with Li Hao, so how could she not know Li Hao's injuries?
 His physical body had almost completely collapsed!
 It wasn't just him; almost all the Silver Moon martial masters were the same, but at this moment ... All of them had recovered. This was unbelievable.
 "Like I said, it's just a small injury!" Li Hao smiled.
 After he finished speaking, he looked at the black-robed man and smiled.""I should be thanking them for leaving a pool of precious liquid in the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town. It can help people recover their physical bodies. What's a little physical injury to me?"
 The black-robed man's expression changed slightly as he said in a low voice,""You really did kill that person!"
 "Are you surprised?" Li Hao smiled.
 "You'll pay the price!"The black-robed expert said coldly.
 "All of you will pay the price for betraying neo martial!" One of them said coldly.
 Zhang an was suspended in the air!
 Black robe did not see Zhang an at first, but when he saw Zhang an, his breath suddenly trembled, and his illusory face seemed to be a little stiff. After a long time, as if he was gritting his teeth, he said in a low voice,"director Zhang doesn't know the suffering of the people, doesn't know our difficulties ... You have a great grandfather, a father who has contributed greatly to the human race, an elder brother who is in charge of a region, and a sister who is headmaster Fang's best friend. You have also gone through thick and thin with venerable sword and the others ... Director Zhang has lived a life of luxury, how could you know our difficulties?"
  "Starve you to death?" Zhang an asked coldly.
 "Division Chief, you must be joking ... But we don't have any cultivation resources, so we can only be banished to small worlds ..."
 "Who said that a small world is an expulsion?" Zhang an said coldly. Moreover, when he came to the small world back then, he was clearly willing. When did he talk about expelling? How many more reasons and excuses do you want to make up?"
 Black robe was silent.
 He was speechless.
 However, the Queen ignored them. She looked at Li Hao coldly and said,""You've recovered your physical body. Do you want to fight again?"
 With that, his aura rose sharply.
 Not only that, a shadow seemed to have appeared in the sky.
 At this moment, another bright moon seemed to have appeared between heaven and earth. Even the voices of countless people could be heard from the Western country.
 At this moment, countless people on the land of heavenstar saw this scene.

