fileno%d
 of the Heavenly Star Town.
 The creation of the physical body was still going on. One physical body, nothing much could be seen.
 Li Hao's group needed more data.
 ……
 However, at this moment.
 Two groups of people were quickly converging towards the center. One was the ninth Division commander's avatar that had rushed out of heaven battling city, while the other was more than a dozen powerful origin avatars.
 They were all at the limit of the world's suppression.
 He had the strength of an early Paragon.
 The current world was enough to support the survival of the peak. These people had cut off their origin avatars, and their faces were blurry. They also seemed to have come from the North and were heading for the central region, ready to capture and kill Li Hao.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao from Sky Star City wasn't weak. It was said that he had seven elements.
  However, seven elements was only the strength of an early Paragon.
 He alone was enough to deal with Li Hao.
 However, just in case, these people still sent more than a dozen origin avatars this time. In order to avoid future trouble, some people had already guessed that Li Hao was behind the world's upheaval.
 Even if he wasn't ... He had to kill this new generation's genius!
 Not only him, but Silvermoon and the other martial masters had to be killed as well.
 The two groups of people didn't take the same path. Instead, they deviated from each other and flew in the direction of Sky Star City.
 ……
 More than ten people flew across the sky. The weak couldn't see them at all.
 The speed was extremely fast.
 They could even tear the void apart. However, the void was unstable now. In order to avoid trouble, these people only tore the void apart at a shallow level. They did not tear the void completely and directly travel a thousand miles.
 "Li Hao's group is in the central continent's stellarsky city ... Go there and make a small commotion. Find Li Hao and kill him on the spot!"
 "If you resist, or if others see you, kill them all!"
 "We need to be fast and not make too much noise ..."
 The leader's voice was muffled, and the other experts 'avatars all responded in agreement.
 "In addition ... The starry sky sword is in Li Hao's hands. Take it away. If possible, strip Li Hao of his bloodline!" He said.
 "Understood!"
 "Right, didn't heaven battling city's Li Daozong appear just now? They said that Wang Ye was killed ... What does that mean?"
 "His clone was killed? Li Hao supports the revival of heaven battling city, and heaven battling city has also given him something in return. It's said that Li Hao has already become a division commander of heaven battling city. Could it be that something has happened in the ruins of Heavenly Star Town? Wang Ye's clone entered and was killed?"
 "It's possible ... This time, we have another mission, which is to make a call to Heavenly Star Town. Rose thorns has been blocking our people from entering. This time ... If possible, we should test them. If they are weak, we should kill them directly!"
 "I'm afraid it'll be difficult! Sun Xin was unable to expel him ... The other party might have already become a saint!"
 "If you become a Sage, you can enter from another entrance. The other monster plants might still remember us and would not dare to not let us in. We can team up with the other monster plants and sun Xin to kill rose thorns!"
 "I wonder if that Lord has recovered and is awake?"
 "I'm not sure ... A few days ago, another Lord said that there was turbulence in the origin. It's suspected that there are some problems with that Lord's origin ..."
 "Origin? Was it the real origin or a fake? Do they have an origin?"
  "I'm not sure ... So it's just a guess. "  "Understood!"
 “……”
 The group of them walked at an extremely fast speed, chatting as they walked.
 Soon, they crossed the North Sea and entered the central region.
 At this moment, there were many teams moving forward in the central region. There were teams of supers and teams brought by the Silver Moon martial masters from all over the world. These people had also seen some powerful people.
 For example, at this moment, this group of people saw a person, who compared the list and pictures, and quickly said,""The person below, Silver Moon Martial Master, Southern Fist He Yong, should we kill him?"
 "Don't beat the grass and alert the snake ... If Li Hao finds out, we'll be in trouble if we hide in an ancient relic! We'll deal with Li Hao first. We'll clean up these nobodies one by one. If we don't have time to clean them up, we'll leave them to the three great organizations!"
 "Understood!"
 “……”
 The group quickly passed by the top of Nan Quan's head.
 ……
 Below.
 Nanquan was thinking about how he had successfully completed his mission this time. He had expelled the Duke of the South and the Duke of the West, completed the plan to unify the central region, and was about to return to stellarsky city.
 Suddenly, he raised his head and looked at the sky.
 He frowned slightly.
 Strong?
 He was no longer a weakling. The current Southern Fist was no longer the weakling who couldn't beat the northern fist, the overseer sword, and no one. At the current stage, everyone was stuck at six elements, and he was no different.
 Therefore, he was not much weaker than the others.
 A six-element expert!
 There weren't many experts at this level in the central continent, and most of them were Silver Moon experts.
 But just now ... Was there someone probing him?
 He looked up at the sky and frowned.
 If he was a Silver Moon Martial Master, he would have greeted them.
  But ... Could they be from the three major organizations?
 He thought to himself,"or is it that my perception is wrong and I just feel that I'm being spied on?" however, as a Martial Master, he believed in his intuition.
 "Who the hell is peeking at me?"
 As he thought of this, he sent a message through the armor. The armor could now transmit messages within three thousand miles. Although this place was more than three thousand miles away from stellarsky city, Li Hao's current communication system was quite wide. Hei Teng would definitely be in charge within three thousand miles.
 …………
 The news also quickly spread to stellarsky city.
 Not only that, but even the news of heaven battling city's troops quickly spread to Heavenly Star City.
 Heavenly Star City.
 Li Hao disappeared again with another group of martial masters. Lin Hongyu was helpless.
 At this moment, she was busy with the affairs of the martial arts academies in various places, as well as the literacy classes in the city.

 Suddenly, director Zhou arrived.
 Without further ado, a silver armor appeared.""The governor asked me to pass this to the city Lord. I was too busy before, so I forgot ..."
 Director Zhou didn't say much and Lin Hongyu was a little surprised."Heaven battling puppet?"
 "Yes, guild leader, support!"
 After saying that, director Zhou quickly said,"two things. First, heaven battling city sent out troops. A gold-tier warrior led thousands of troops ... They're heading straight for Heavenly Star. They said they're here to take revenge for director Wang ... The exact situation is unknown, but the problem isn't serious. Our relationship with heaven battling city is still okay ... Of course, we have to be careful!"
 "Secondly, when Nan Quan was leading his team back, he sensed someone flying across the void to investigate him. He didn't sense much, but he suspected that a seven-Elemental Expert had appeared. He might have come from the northern region ..."
 Lin Hongyu frowned slightly. The first thing could be a big or small matter.
 Li Hao's relationship with heaven battling city was extraordinary, so he might not be in any trouble. He might even be of help.
 The second matter could also be big or small.
 It seemed normal to pass by an expert.
  At this stage, the world was more stable and could support the emergence of some experts. Even if the original body could not do it, the clone would not be a problem. There were many ruins in the central region. It was not a big deal for the southern Fist to encounter one.
 It wasn't worth such a big fuss!
 "Director Zhou specially came to talk about this ..."
 Director Zhou said seriously,"it's fine if it's normal, but the weather changed today. Outsiders don't know, but you and I know a little. Maybe the governor was researching a new Dao. He went to Lu Zhen's research Institute and brought back some things. Soon, the weather changed. "Therefore, these people might have been lured here by the governor. They might not know that the governor has triggered the heavenly transformation, but they might think that, regardless of whether it was the governor or not, now that the seal of the world has been lifted a little ... They might as well take the opportunity to kill the governor. This is a possibility."
 "Even heaven battling city's Army was sent at this time. It's said that it was for revenge ... In fact, it's not necessarily true. It's also possible that it was to investigate the truth!"
 Heaven battling city's sudden dispatch of troops was not necessarily for the so-called revenge.
 ? They knew very well whether director Wang was dead or not.
 Since that was the case ... It was possible that they were here to investigate the change in the sky. The second Sun had appeared today, and although it had disappeared, it had caused a huge commotion. Who knew if they were here for the same reason?
 "Stellarsky city might not be able to remain quiet!"
 Director Zhou said in a deep voice,"of course, at the current stage, we are not afraid of anything!" However, the military governor didn't want to see the post-war stellarsky city, nor did he want to see the city in shambles after killing the enemy ... He was promoting a revolution in education and technology. At this stage, what he needed was peace! The slightest disturbance could trigger a huge change!"
 Lin Hongyu nodded.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After thinking for a while, Li Hao realized that he might have something important to do. He said,""If there's really a strong enemy, it might be one of the seven branches. Although we might not be afraid, we'll inevitably suffer some losses in battle ..."
 "I heard that there are many puppet students from the new martial era in the city?"
 "Yes,"
 "Gather them and use divine power stones as the price to go outside of stellarsky city to the region of the stellarsky sea to snipe the strong enemy! Make all the necessary preparations and gather 30 puppet students. Mobilize 10 million divine power stones from the warehouse and distribute 3 million to each person. I'll personally lead the team and wait for them ... If no one comes, then forget it. If there is, capture them. If not, kill them without mercy!"  Lin Hongyu was a decisive person and quickly made a decision.
 As for Li Hao, he didn't need to be informed for the time being.
 If Li Hao had to do everything, then what was she doing here?
 Of course, it was to help Li Hao and the others solve their problems.
 "Bring the sky screen along as a precaution!"
 Director Zhou's eyes moved and he nodded,"Alright!"
 "What is the governor up to this time?" Lin Hongyu asked after some thought.
 Director Zhou shook his head, he really didn't know.
 After some thought, he said,"we'll bring the father and son of the MU family and the Chen family. It's to intimidate them. We'll also get them to do their best. If there's really a strong enemy, these people can be of some use."
 "Alright!"
 The two sides quickly reached an agreement.
 Not long after, a group of puppet students in the city flew toward the northern part of the city with a group of people.
 He hadn't left the ruins for many years, and now that he had a battle to participate in not long after leaving, he was still very excited.
 A group of people who were not afraid of anything would not fear anyone.
  Right now, the world wasn't strong enough to support the descent of powerful existences. At most, they had the strength of an early stage Paragon. They weren't much weaker either. Even if they couldn't win in a one-on-one battle, they could still fight in a two-on-one battle!
 ……
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was completely unaware of all this.
 This was the advantage of being a team.
 There were some things that other people could handle. They would handle themselves and not let him do it.
 At this moment, Li Hao had already experienced this. He was creating other bodies, and while he was doing so, he said excitedly,"This is just a small part of it. There aren't many superpower locks in the beginning, but there will be more in the future ..."
 "And I've already located it successfully. It's the great Dao of origins that located it, not my physical body ... So, I'll just have to transfer the great Dao of origins later. I don't need to locate it again!"
 Li Hao was very excited, but director Wang was not.
 He had been tormented miserably!
 More importantly, when he saw Li Hao now, he felt very close to him. He felt that Li Hao was deliberately taking advantage of him.

 Li Hao didn't care about that. While continuing to create human bodies, he looked at the God's body and raised his eyebrows."I can't waste this body of a God ... Although it only has one great Dao Meridian, it's extremely powerful!"
 "It's actually quite suitable for you, director Qi, but ... You guys don't have much understanding of the Dao of the body of a God, and you won't be able to unleash any powerful combat power ..."
 Li Hao looked at director Qi."Elder Qi, if you're interested, I can get you a body of a modern human or a body of the new martial era. I want the body of a God!"
 Director Qi did not mind, he smiled and said,"Do as you please."
 Li Hao! On the other hand! Was a little excited. Then I'll take it. I'm going to modify it and use it as my trump card. It'll be powerful to the point of a Saint body. The quasi-Heavenly King body from before was a neo martial body, so I can't use it. But I can refine this thing! Although it can't unleash its full combat power by controlling it with earth-type divine runes, it can definitely become a powerful body that can suppress the current generation!"
 "I'm really worried. Although my strength has increased a lot, I'm still not as powerful as those powerful existences at the moment ... It's extremely dangerous to go to the ruins alone!"
 "If I can refine it, I'll be invincible outside!"
 "The body of a Sage isn't something ordinary people can break through in the ruins ..."
 Li Hao wanted to modify the corpse into a battle puppet that was suitable for him.
 With this thing, Li Hao even dared to go to the remains alone to deal with some trouble.
  Then, Li Hao added,"also, everyone should practice the air breaking technique and improve your strength as soon as possible. You can convert the resources into strength. You can use the mineral veins here as you wish!" I can't let the mine remain even after the person is dead ... That would be such a waste!"
 No one said anything. Li Hao said no more and quickly started making babies.
 As for director Wang, he had to go through the pain again and again.
 Li Hao wasn't in a hurry to finish it all at once. After getting a few bodies, he went to study the body of a God. This was the body of a God, an earth-type God. A great Dao was extremely powerful. Li Hao's earth-type divine runes couldn't fully control it and display the power of a divine Dao.
 But even so, when Li Hao was in deep control, he could feel the power.
 It was as majestic as the earth!
 ……
 While Li Hao's group was still researching ...
 Outside the stellarsky city.
 Star sea realm.
 The void rippled, and on the surface of the sea, a group of people were observing. Suddenly, the expression of a super who looked like a scholar changed."I can see killing intent ..."
 Beside him, a wretched-looking old man was trembling.""I can feel an infinite amount of power. It's not just one person, but many!"
 "How much?"
 Lin Hongyu brought these two along with her as they were special supers discovered by the superpower City.
 " 14?" the scholar swallowed his saliva." 14 Black killing intents!"
 The vulgar senior's ears quivered, and his entire body trembled."Extremely powerful, even ... More powerful than the city Lord!"  Lin Hongyu's expression changed.
 14th place!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com There was no need to guess. They came with ill intentions.
 With killing intent, 14 experts headed straight for stellarsky city. Was there a need to say anything?
 They were definitely here to deal with Li Hao!
 Fortunately, she had brought a total of 30 students out. Her expression changed as she looked at the people around her."Mobilize the Demon Hunter Army, use the sky-covering shield, and air-sealing chains. In addition, first fire a round of all-encompassing shots with the energy cannons! "The sky screen will record everything ... And use it as teaching material for future propaganda. It will also let the enemy know how powerful the star military governor is!"
 After saying that, he shouted in a low voice,"all senior students, change your clothes!" Put on the Demon Hunter Army armor!"
 The students of Yuanping martial arts university did not have any objections. After all, it was a heaven-battling Army armor.
 At this moment, they were all very excited.
 14 ... Previously, he was worried that there would be too few of them and there would be no way to distribute them. Now, it would be better if there were more.
 He just didn't know if he would meet someone familiar.
 However, the Managing Director had said that once they were out, they should not care about anything else. Li Hao's arrangements were to be done as he had said. There would not be any problems. For a group of lawless descendants of a venerable sovereign, there would be no problems since the Managing Director had said so.
 No matter who he was, he would just do it!
 Lin Hongyu was slightly excited as well. This was the first time she had commanded so many powerful beings to encircle and annihilate a group of ancient existences. Even though it was not her true body and was most likely just an origin avatar, it still made her tremble.
 He trembled with excitement!
  In the city of supers, her opponents were the martial artists of the modern era. The supers were the nine divisions and the royal family.
 However, joining the star military governor's office ... She felt that her life had changed.
 His opponents were no longer those people.
 They were powerful ancient civilization powerhouses!
 This was life, and this was what the strong pursued, wasn't it?
 She looked at director Zhou and was a little embarrassed, but she still said,""Director Zhou, you're in charge of commanding. I want to personally test the strength of these people. I also want to see if six magical powers and 144 apertures can deal with some origin source avatars!"
 She wanted to do it herself!
 ? Director Zhou was helpless.
 A Martial Master ... Was still a Martial Master.
 Lin Hongyu usually looked calm and steady, but at critical moments, she had to fight. He did not say much and nodded."Be careful. We haven't informed the governor of this matter yet. If you can catch someone alive, try to do so ... They won't die when their origin avatar collapses, but they'll suffer great losses. Therefore, before the other party despaired, it's best to Capture One person ..."

 After saying that, he said,"the Masters from heaven battling city are just behind us. We have to be fast to prevent any trouble from heaven battling city. After dealing with this group of people, we still have to stop them from entering the city!" Even if there's something, we'll have to wait for the military governor and the others to come out. "
 "I know!"
 Lin Hongyu nodded.
 On the side, Chen Zhongtian didn't say anything, but he was a little excited. Chen Yao, on the other hand, was a little helpless. He said,""Old man, are you going to deal with the ancient experts? Can we do it?"
 "What's there to be afraid of? So what if he was an ancient expert? There's a bunch of them around you! Everyone can look down on Li Hao, but we can 't! Now that Li Hao's Army is strong, he doesn't have the time to think about other things. Otherwise, it wouldn't be so easy for the three major organizations to retreat!"
 "The enemy sent over more than ten clones of ancient experts, thinking that they had Li Hao in the bag. But ... Li Hao's main force hasn't even moved. Lin Hongyu is the only one holding the fort. They're already planning to wipe out the enemy and claim the first credit!"
 "The main body of this group is the key ... Now that the other party has made a move, I'm afraid Li Hao won't be able to sit still. It's fine if the other party doesn't make a move, but once they do ... Do you think Silver moon's group will be able to hold back? "Therefore, seize the opportunity and make a contribution this time. Only then can we, father and son, gain a firm foothold! Otherwise ... You'll soon be left behind!"
 Chen Yao nodded, deep in thought.
 ……
 At the same time, a large number of Demon Hunter troops appeared riding on earth drilling shuttles, quickly spreading out in all directions.
  This time, it was not Liu Long who led the team, but Huang Yu.
 Huang Yu held his spear and waited for his orders.
 This was also the first time that the Demon Hunter Army had been mobilized on a large scale to deal with the powerhouses of the ancient civilization. Although they were only supporting characters, they still had to show off the glory of the Demon Hunter Army.
 "We only have one mission, which is to seal the void and not allow anyone to escape! There are two groups of enemies. The first group is made up of powerhouses from the ancient civilization, and the second group is the same. The true heaven battling Legion ... This time, I've brought everyone here to show everyone the true power of the heaven battling Legion!"
 Huang Yu had also received the news. At this moment, he directly treated the heaven battling Army as an enemy. This was what a military commander should do. No matter if the other party was friend or foe, it was always right to be an enemy first.
 It also prevented him from relaxing.
 At this moment, the several thousand demon hunters were all trembling.
 They were wearing the heaven-battling armor, so of course they knew about the heaven-battling Army. Now that they could see the real heaven-battling Army, how could they not be excited?
 It was still very complicated for everyone to face heaven battling city and heaven battling Army.
 However ... If they were to really face him, they felt that they were not afraid.
 ……
 The void rippled again and again.
 More than a dozen blurry figures quickly flew forward, not fearing anything. They didn't think that anyone in the outside world could match them at this stage.
 An invincible existence!
 And it wasn't just one, but more than ten.
 If it were not for the fact that they wanted to hide their whereabouts and avoid being discovered by the experts of Silvermoon, they could have openly descended upon stellarsky city and had Li Hao come out to face his death!
 "Eh? There seems to be a lot of people nearby ..."
 "If there is, then there is. Don't worry about it. I can sense it too. They are a group of existences as weak as ants ..."
 This group of people had sensed something the moment they stepped into the stellarsky sea.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, he was too weak.  Moreover, the distance was quite far. Although there were many people, but ... Why would they care about this?
 A bunch of ants!
 To them, everyone below the absolute peak was like an ant. Moreover, their original bodies were not at the absolute beginning realm. If it were not for the disappearance of the origin and the suppression of heaven and earth, they would not have cared too much if the real absolute peak came.
 "Eh, they seem to be coming for us?"
 The leader was a little surprised. The next moment, a low shout sounded as if someone had given the order. A huge shield appeared in the void, covering the sky!
 "Sky-covering shield?"
 In an instant, a chain, mixed with tens of thousands of qi and blood, shuttled through the void and locked down all directions. The shield and the chain appeared at the same time, locking down the sky and the earth. The experts were a little surprised.
 "The heaven-battling Army's equipment?"
 "A group of ants actually ambushed us ... Did they know the news in advance, or did they encounter it by accident?"
 "Why do you care so much? kill them all!"
 "Kill!"
 In an instant, someone threw a punch into the void!
 The void split open!
 However, what appeared was a shield.
 The person who threw the punch had a disdainful look on his face. If the heaven battling Army of the past had sent out thousands of people, they could have really stopped them. But now, this group of shoddy products wanted to learn from the real heaven battling Army? what a joke!
 Although his vitality had fused, one punch could still kill these guys even if it could not break the shield.
 "Fire the cannons!"
 An order resounded through the armor.
  The next moment, 10 super cannons appeared. BOOM!
 Countless cannonballs were fired!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The void exploded!
 More than a dozen figures attacked one after another. Someone snorted with disdain,""Deal with those weaklings. What's the use of these things against us?"
 BOOM!
 The cannonballs exploded one after another, but they were all destroyed in an instant!
 Someone threw out a punch, and someone threw out a sword. In the blink of an eye, the void was shattered, and a fist mark appeared on the huge shield. The impact dispersed the qi and blood of countless demon hunters, and they vomited blood continuously!
 This scene made many people frown.
 On the shield, Lin Hongyu frowned. Director Zhou frowned as well."The Demon Hunter Army is still too weak. When they encounter a true Paragon, even if they are well-equipped, it will be difficult for them to match them!"

 "Yes, the number has also decreased."
 "There's no choice, the armor is limited ... Of course, the production is being accelerated ..."
 The father and son of the MU family, who were participating in such a big battle for the first time, were shocked by the conversation.
 At this moment, what they saw was different from what the others saw.
 What they saw was more than a dozen top-notch experts, incomparably powerful existences, being stopped by a group of weak demon hunters. Furthermore, they were sealed off on the surface of the sea.
 The aura of any one of these people was stronger than theirs.
 Shocking!
 Was this the enemy that Li Hao was going to deal with?
 No, perhaps Li Hao did not care about these people at all. It turned out that the gap between Jiusi and the star military governor's office was so great. No wonder Jiusi could not fight back at all and was defeated in an instant.
 Seeing that the Demon Hunters were unable to lock down the enemy, Lin Hongyu gave an order,""Attack!"
  In an instant, a suit of armor appeared.
 The puppets put on their armor.
 Just as those illusory figures were about to kill the Demon Hunters, the sky and earth suddenly split open, and a person wearing silver armor appeared. She revealed her pretty face and coldly snorted,"Heavenly Star Governor Lin Hongyu of the Heavenly Star governor's office is here to learn from you! Even if you're powerhouses from the ancient civilization, each of you has the power of seven elements. If you dare to come uninvited and invade my territory, you'll be killed without mercy!"
 "Kill!"
 With a light shout, more than 30 figures rushed out in an instant!
 BOOM!
 The powerful force directly tore the space apart.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Those illusionary figures all changed their colors rapidly.
 "Lin Hongyu?"
 Who was it?
 Why were there so many experts?
 Didn't they say that it was just a small force formed by modern martial masters?
 The shadows were surprised. The next moment, a battle broke out. Without a word, Lin Hongyu floated in the air and shouted,""We and the ancient civilization have never crossed each other's path. You've sneaked into the territory of stellarsky city and came uninvited. If you reveal the mastermind behind this, I'll spare your lives ... Otherwise, I'll kill you without mercy!"
 "Arrogant!"
 "How dare a weak modern human be so presumptuous ..." Someone shouted angrily.
 "Weak?"
 Lin Hongyu snorted,"forget it, I'll let you know what a new era is!" Who said that modern humans had weak bodies? Presumptuous and ignorant fellow. I am Lin Hongyu, a mountain and sea realm cultivator. Please enlighten me!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, a curved blade appeared and he slashed out!
 The void shattered!  The shadow was shocked. Lin Hongyu's scimitar tore through the void. Her body was not that weak. On the contrary, her body was much stronger than them, who only had the origin. She tore through the void with her scimitar and her scimitar will dominated the world!
 In his heart, he muttered,"I'm doing this to expel powerful enemies and protect the world. Please bestow upon me great power."
 At this moment, it was as if heaven and earth were really biased towards her. The saber intent instantly became stronger. With a slash of the saber, there was a loud bang. The illusionary figure also made a move. With a punch, the void was also cracked.
 As the two forces collided, the shadow staggered slightly.
 Lin Hongyu was in disbelief. A knife mark appeared on her fist, and her morale was immediately boosted. She shouted in a low voice,""The martial arts created by the governor is unparalleled in the world. The origin is a thing of the past. With the power of the mountains and seas of my six elements, I can still kill the peak of my seven elements!"
 BOOM!
 Blade-light swept across the heavens and the earth as a scimitar tore through the void. The illusionary figure turned pale with fright."What new martial arts?"
 "Ignorant people, how are you worthy of knowing? This Dao is about to be passed down to the world, and everyone can learn it. How can you know the great power of the governor? All citizens of heavenstar can surpass the ancient civilization ... Kill!"
 BOOM!
 In all directions, the shadows were quickly suppressed. The puppets quickly took action and used all kinds of means. These descendants of venerable sovereigns had no physical bodies or origin.
 However, who wasn't a genius in the past?
 Who wasn't unparalleled in strength?
 At this moment, a total of 30 puppets instantly suppressed the other 12 shadows. The father and son of the MU family and the father and son of the Chen family joined forces to deal with one shadow and two old secretaries. Their combat strength was also strong. Although they did not have the upper hand or the upper hand, they were still fighting with vigor.
 At this moment, the Phantoms were all extremely shocked.
 How could this be!
 How did so many experts suddenly appear?
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, the three puppets attacked one of the experts. Not long after, the first shadow was destroyed. Lin Hongyu shouted,""Capture them alive. If they surrender, we won't kill them! Even if it's not the original body, the collapse of the origin is enough to make you suffer. Surrender, the person behind the scenes doesn't know the inside story ... They won't do anything to your original body ..."
  She had directly suppressed a powerful illusionary figure and still had the time to speak. This was even more shocking!
 "Stubborn and unwilling to surrender ... Kill all of them!"
 BOOM!
 With a slash of his saber, the origin of the illusory figure was directly shattered. It instantly condensed with some disbelief.""How ... How could this be ... You ... How could you be so powerful? No... Those people are not from your era ..."
 He turned his head to look at the black Phoenix. He could tell that these people were not from the new era.
 But this woman was!
 "Where's Li Hao?"
 "You shameless people!" The man roared."You're using the ancient civilization to deal with us. What kind of men are you hiding in the dark?"
 "Didn't the Silver Moon Martial Master always like to rely on himself?"
 Lin Hongyu said coldly,"do I need a Governor to kill you?" The governor doesn't even know that you're here. You're just a bunch of bugs. If the person behind the scenes comes out, or if I come, I'll have some qualifications ... Now ... I'll send you on your way!"

 As soon as he finished speaking, the saber Light once again swept across the world!
 BOOM!
 The void was split apart by the blade light and a giant beast appeared. It was actually a Tiger, a Red Tiger. Director Zhou who was watching the battle took in a deep breath. Tiger aura!
 This was a tigress!
 He actually didn't know that this person had also cultivated the aura of a Tiger.
 No wonder he was so valiant!
 At that moment, light spots appeared on Lin Hongyu's body like stars. Those were the opening of 180 apertures. She shouted,"kill!"
 The power of his powerful body squeezed forward, and his blood Qi soared. He slashed out again, and six divine abilities burst out at the same time!
 The power of the five elements exploded in an instant!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com BOOM!
  A part of the void collapsed, and the powerful shadow roared again and again. However, it was instantly locked in all directions by the space-sealing chains. Its expression changed immediately. It was too late to counterattack and was cut by the saber!
 With a loud bang, The Phantom dispersed with some unwillingness and disbelief.""Power of new Dao? You guys ... Found a new path?"
 "I only found out now, it's too late!"
 Blade radiance flickered as Lin Hongyu shuttled through the void. She slashed dozens of times in a row, directly cutting the opponent into pieces. She reached out and grabbed, and a large amount of origins gathered. A divine weapon appeared in her hand and all the origins were gathered into the divine weapon.
 Meanwhile, in other places, angry roars and curses were constantly heard!
 Under the shocked gazes of the surrounding soldiers, the shadows were cut into pieces one after another!
 "Unbelievable!"
 At this moment, the soldiers were in disbelief. Those powerful existences ... Were actually killed so easily!
 Lin Hongyu's voice resounded again,""They're just a bunch of cowards. A mere seven-elemental power. The neo-martial art is about to be passed down to the world. As long as I reach the seventh level of the mountain sea realm and above, a mere seven-elemental power won't be able to withstand a single blow!"
 "The governor has created a new path. The martial path has a future. The world is about to be unified, and all enemies are just clay chickens and pottery dogs!"
 As soon as these words were spoken, earth-shattering roars suddenly sounded from all directions!
 "Divine might of the governor!"
 "The world will be United!"
 Huang Yu also raised his spear and shouted,""All the enemies that stand in our way are Devils. The devil-hunting Army is born to hunt Devils. We hunt Devils!"
 "Demon hunting!"
 "Demon hunting!"
 The howling sound shook the heaven and earth. At this moment, the Demon Hunters were also extremely shocked and excited. So strong!
 The governor's office was actually this powerful.
 A group of seven-element Saints had attacked, but they had been easily killed, and they hadn't even seen many familiar faces.
 They only knew Lin Hongyu, who had surrendered, and a few other new and old secretaries. They had only made their moves, but what about the Silver Moon martial masters?
 ……
 At this moment, in the distance.
  A divine light burst out from one of his eyes. It was as if he could see through the heavens and earth as he looked into the distance with some shock!  This ... How could this be!
 The ninth Division commander had also sensed some fluctuations, so he had sped up to see what the situation was like. However, at that moment, he saw the world change color and saw the avatars of the origin realm experts being torn apart one after another!
 Putting aside the puppets, he had already recognized them and could roughly guess their identities.
 However, Lin Hongyu ... Had killed a clone of an origin realm expert all by herself.
 The ninth Division commander found it unbelievable!
 When did Li Hao recruit such a valiant female general?
 Just as he was thinking about it, Chen Zhongtian's qi and blood also burst out from afar. With a roar, his sword pierced through the shadow and he shouted,""Chen Zhongtian from the inspection Division, sixth level of the mountain sea realm, killed the seven branches of the ancient civilization!"
 He knew that the sky screen was recording everything at the moment, and it was likely to be played as a promotional film to promote the new martial Dao.
 Lin Hongyu had a plan in mind. She had said those words with premeditation.
 He was also an old and wise man, so how could he not add some bargaining chips for himself?
 "Divine might of the governor!" He growled."In the Wei Jia sea, a mere seven elements can't even withstand a single blow!"
 At this moment, even if he had exhausted all the energy in his body, he still put on a calm and relaxed appearance!
 Not far away, Lin Hongyu took a look but did not say anything. She thought to herself,"I'll cut it later ... I'll just speak. You can keep the scene of your killing. As for the flattering words after that ... I'll cut them for you!"
 Seeing that there were still a few origin avatars who refused to surrender, she snorted and shouted,""Kill them all! We don't need to know anything about them. When the military governor comes out of seclusion, we'll directly sweep away all the disloyal officials in the world!"
 "Kill!"
 With loud shouts, the origin avatars were destroyed in the blink of an eye!
 "You won't have a good end," someone roared."Do you think this is our full strength?" When my true body comes out ..."
 Lin Hongyu snorted coldly,"do you think that's our full strength?" "I'm only at the sixth layer of the mountain sea realm. In the star military governor's office, above the ninth layer of the mountain sea realm, I have dozens of Sun Moon tier elites ... Killing you is as easy as cutting a melon. Fool, you're arrogant and conceited. Are you worthy of being called a neo martial elite? What a joke! It's a shame for neo martial arts to have you guys! Slash!"
 "Sun and moon?" the man asked in disbelief.
 What was the realm of the sun Moon?
 However, he no longer had the chance!
  BOOM!
 With loud bangs, the essence avatars were all shattered!
 ……
 Silver Moon land.
 All the experts in the ancient city vomited blood and their origin shook violently.
 All of a sudden, the entire city seemed to come alive.
 "All of our clones are dead," someone said in disbelief."They were killed by someone!"
 Based on their speed, they should have just arrived at stellarsky city. How was that possible?
 Who killed him?
 There were 14 powerhouses in total. How could they be killed so quickly?

 In the center of the city, an ancient being in a mansion suddenly opened his eyes and said with a cold and serious expression,""No wonder ... It seems that the heavenly transformation is indeed related to Li Hao!"
 The 14 origin doppelgangers all had peak power. Although they were not as strong as before, they were still the strongest in this era.
 They were all killed in such a short time!
 It was hard to believe!
 It had been less than half a day since he had issued the order.
 "My Lord ..."
 Some people were waiting for orders at the door, feeling a little nervous.
 "Send someone to investigate. Keep a low profile ... Don't act rashly!"
 The ancient existence shouted in a low voice, frowning a little. With the restrictions of heaven and earth here ... It was impossible for a higher level existence to kill 14 paragons. In that case, the other party also had a large number of neo martial artists to help?
 At this moment, he couldn't figure it out. He could only check the situation first.
  "Ask the people from the three great organizations to investigate this matter thoroughly. Also ... Ask Ying Hongyue to come and see me as soon as possible!"
 "Yes!"
 ……
 At this moment, Lin Hongyu looked into the distance from the sky Star sea. She smiled and said in a gentle voice,""Senior from heaven battling city has arrived, I apologize for not welcoming you! The governor is still in seclusion, so Hongyu is temporarily acting as the city Lord and has already prepared a banquet outside the city. Senior of heaven battling city, please take a short rest ... When I report to the Governor, the city gates will be opened to welcome the honored guests!"
 At this moment, thousands of demon hunters were in formation, and experts were standing on the sea.
 On the other side, the thousands of warring heaven troops were silent.
 The ninth Division commander looked across and sighed.""I didn't expect the 11th Division to recruit thousands of soldiers in such a short time. They are well-trained. Although they are not elite troops, they are still rare!"
 Lin Hongyu laughed."This is only a third of the Demon Hunter Army. Today, the Demon Hunter Army has already exceeded 10000. This is only the second group. The first group is currently guarding the governor's office and suppressing the rebellions in various places ... Senior, please excuse us!"
 They recruited more than ten thousand soldiers!
 The ninth Division commander thought to himself. He stepped into the air and walked forward. He didn't know anyone here.
 "The 11th Division commander is still in seclusion ... Then ..."
 Just as he was about to say something, someone beside Lin Hongyu said,""We'll just wait. Li Daozong, why are you so talkative!"
 “……”
 The ninth Division commander was stunned. Who?
 The next moment, he looked at the people beside Lin Hongyu and someone said,""What are you looking at? I'm Jiang Yingli!"
 The ninth Division commander was stunned. Although he had guessed that it was these people, he didn't expect them to speak up for Li Hao. He was a little surprised."Have you all seen Wang Ye?"
 "I've seen it!"
 "He ... His great Dao has collapsed ..."
 "Oh, it's fine. I'm still alive! Besides, teacher Zhang is right here...What could possibly happen?"
 The ninth Division commander's heart moved, and he quickly said,""Martial uncle is here too?"
 "Of course, Li Daozong, you're leading an Army here, so I shouldn't have stopped you. However ... Times have changed. Teacher Zhang said that since neo martial artists have given up on this world, they should abide by the rules of this world ... This place is no longer the same as it was a hundred thousand years ago!"
 As soon as he said this, the ninth Division commander was a little dazed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It wasn't like a hundred thousand years ago!  Uncle-master Zhang, let everyone follow the rules of this generation.
 He looked at the stellarsky city and the thousands of soldiers in the same armor. Then, he looked at the experts of the modern era who were blocking his way. After a long time, he said in a deep voice,""Then I'll wait here for the 11th Division commander to come out of seclusion!"
 "Set up camp on the spot!"
 "Yes!"
 Several regimental commanders responded, and soon, thousands of heaven-battling Army soldiers began to set up camp silently.
 On the other side, the Demon Hunter Army was watching with wide eyes. It was said that these people were all dead, and only a few remnant thoughts remained.
 However, at this moment, they were still extremely elite!
 Previously, when the gold-tier warrior said that they were not considered elites, some people were still unconvinced. But at this moment, seeing these people form a defensive formation the moment they set up camp, they were methodical, extremely fast, and attacked and defended in an orderly manner, which also made everyone feel relaxed and happy.
 Was this ... The ancient elite army?
 At this moment, Huang Yu was also observing with a serious expression. This was the result of someone else's death. Furthermore, this was only a reserve army, not a frontline Army!
 He was thinking, if they were to encounter the heaven battling Army at its peak, how long could the thousands of people under his command resist?
 After thinking about it carefully ... Forget it. Perhaps they would all be annihilated in less than 15 minutes.
 On the other side, the ninth Division commander also watched silently. Looking at the modern Demon Hunter Army, he was somewhat touched. They were just a group of weak existences, but their military discipline was strict. Even when they encountered a strong enemy, they did not collapse. How did Li Hao manage to train such a well-trained Army in such a short time?
 Li Hao, a frivolous, half-assed Martial Master who had no military style at all, could actually train a group of quasi-elites?
 He really couldn't believe it!
 Also, did Wang Ye die or not?
 What was the mountain, sea, sun, and moon that these people were talking about?
 At this moment, the ninth master was also filled with doubts. Furthermore, he was even more curious about where the origin source avatars that were killed came from.
 Which force could revive so many people?
 14 origin avatars meant that 14 great beings had been revived. They were at least immortal original bodies. If they were Paragon original bodies, they would not cut the origin so easily.
 For a time, the two armies were facing each other.
 Lin Hongyu was not idle either. She quickly arranged for someone to film the sky screen and find a professional to edit it. The new martial Dao was about to be passed down to the world. With this scene, it would be better than anything else to use as a promotional film.
  If he killed more than ten powerhouses from the seven-element ancient civilization, perhaps the four continents would surrender upon hearing the news!
 Lin Hongyu, on the other hand, had finally gained a firm foothold.
 As for the heaven battling city's powerhouses, they were very powerful, but ... Since they chose to set up camp, she didn't say anything.
 Lin Hongyu was in a good mood because she had won the battle without informing Li Hao.
 In addition, the confrontation between the Demon Hunters and the heaven battling Army could also boost their courage.
 Lin Hongyu was in a good mood after some calculations.
 Then, she looked at Chen Zhongtian, who was also in a good mood. She smiled and didn't say anything. When the trailer comes out, your good mood will be gone, because...No one will know you.
 He wanted to steal the limelight, but he didn't know who he was stealing it from.
 Director Zhou didn't say anything. He disappeared with the wind and went to report the situation. This matter wasn't about killing the 14 clones, but about the enemy having their eyes on them.
 He didn't know how Li Hao would face the challenge.

 The ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 Many bodies appeared, some exploded, some were completely preserved, even director Wang was dazzled.
 His eyes were bright, and at this moment, he didn't know which one to choose.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, didn't pay him any more attention.
 At this moment, Li Hao was refining the body of the God.
 The powerful earth element Energy swept in all directions.
 Earth Force Palm!
 The word "earth" entered his body and controlled his body. Even though he couldn't use the power of the saintly way, he was still extremely powerful.
 His body was originally very large.
 At this moment, it was gradually shrinking.
  Gradually, it returned to the size of a normal person and quickly appeared beside Li Hao like a guard. This guard was much stronger than the others, and the key was that this guard was not afraid of death and could protect Li Hao with all his heart.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo and the others were also very satisfied.
 To be honest, everyone was a little worried about letting a new martial artist protect Li Hao. But now, the body of a God made up for this flaw.
 Li Hao was indeed very powerful. Perhaps he was the only sun Moon tier elite currently.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, compared to those neo martial artists, there was still a huge gap.
 Now, with the addition of a Divine Spirit as a guard, everyone was much more at ease.
 Li Hao was also overjoyed.
 p The body of a God couldn't be used forever, but at this stage, it gave Li Hao a lot of time and opportunities. Moreover, this was a God of his own world. Compared with the powerful body of a new martial artist, Li Hao felt that it was even more useful than the body of a quasi-Heavenly King.  At least, he could control it.
 As for the body of the quasi-Heavenly King, Li Hao probably couldn't control it, because it could only display its true strength by controlling the great Dao of origin.
 "Thank you, Yuming and director Qi!"
 Li Hao also smiled and looked at the two of them.""Director Qi, if you have any requirements for a body, please feel free to let me know. I will try my best to help you create a body that meets your requirements."
 Director Qi pondered for a while and said,""I want to have a unique body. Is that possible?"
 "Please speak, director Qi!"
 Li Hao was quite polite, because this person had answered many of his questions, even though they hadn't spoken much.
 Director Qi said,"I want an extremely unique body that can only develop the brain. There should be quite a few Dao meridians in the brain. I don't need physical divine arts or other divine arts. I just want to develop the brain Dao Meridian!"
 Li Hao was startled and immediately frowned. This was very difficult.
  How many Dao meridians did he have in his brain?  In fact, they had calculated that less than 10 Dao meridians had been found at this stage. Compared to other Dao meridians, there were too few. They couldn't even form a complete circulation system. Therefore, if they wanted to use only the brain Dao Meridian and the body ... Even Li Hao would have a headache.
 "Then we don't need any other divine powers. We only need the Dao meridians of the physical body and the brain. I want to try and give up other divine powers and focus on the development of the brain. What's the Difference?" director Qi said.
 He was a little emotional."The physical bodies of the neo martial human race are not as complicated as those of the current human race. The physical bodies of the modern human race ... Are simply treasures!"
 Back then, Zhang an and the others had despised it.
 But now, he was extremely envious. The human race of this era was truly blessed by the heavens.
 When one did not treat the Dao Meridian as a chain or a restraint, it became a gift from the heavens. One was born with a Dao body, and it would indeed make people envious. Perhaps this was the advantage of the human race when the world was first created and the consciousness was flourishing.
 Li Hao said,"it's possible if the brain Dao Meridian is combined with the physical Dao Meridian. However, it's very dangerous to develop the brain Dao Meridian. Even I haven't developed any brain Dao Meridian yet. Director Qi, if you want such a body ... You'll have to think twice before you act."
 Director Qi chuckled."It's interesting because no one has developed it. If someone else has done it before and you still do it ... What's the point?"
 He felt that Li Hao was wrong.
 This was too wrong!
 It was precisely because no one was doing it that there was a chance to produce results and make a big difference. He felt that the new era was simply a Holy Land in the field of research. It was a pity that a group of experts who loved to research back then were either dead or not here.
 Otherwise, it would definitely cause a wave of research.
 Perhaps many humans in the new era would become lab rats. Of course, it was fine to keep these words in their hearts.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and felt that it was right.
 As they were chatting, a figure quickly rose into the air and arrived.
 Director Zhou landed and nodded at the new martial artists. He didn't talk to anyone else and quickly sent a message to Li Hao.
  Li Hao listened in silence, his expression unchanged.
 It was not too surprising that 14 original avatars would come.
 However, he didn't expect that there would be such a huge commotion and a Second Sun would appear.
 To be honest, Li Hao felt that the mastermind was looking down on him.
 I've already taken over the central region and seized the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town, and you're only sending people to kill me now?
 Fortunately, he finally made his move.
 14 doppelgangers at once, that was not too bad.
 "Not bad, Lin Hongyu," Li Hao said with a smile.
 Director Zhou saw him speak and didn't continue to transmit his voice. He said softly, "Isn't Lin Hongyu's authority too great?"
 In Li Hao's absence, he directly mobilized the puppet students and the Demon Hunter Army ... Although he had agreed, he actually wanted to see if these students and the Demon Hunter Army would carry out the military Order.

 In the end ... They really did listen to her.
 He didn't know if this was a good thing or a bad thing.
 Therefore, he was in a dilemma.
 Without Li Hao's orders, he had mobilized so many people in an instant and killed 14 seven-element powerhouses. This was something that he had never dared to imagine before.
 Li Hao laughed."It's fine. She's just borrowing my authority. It's not really hers. If she can't be moved and only listens to me, it'll be troublesome."
 Director Zhou nodded.
 Li Hao glanced at him, thought for a moment, and said,""Director Zhou, I haven't been paying much attention to your side since I've been researching the neo martial Dao recently. You're walking on the great Dao of origins of the neo martial era. Now, you can reconstruct your physical body ..."
 Director Zhou shook his head,"I know, but ... Be it the origins great Dao or the bright star great Dao, they are both great DAOs .." Once the Stargate was opened, everything was the same. There are many enemies now, many undying substances, and no lack of Origin Energy ... Governor, kill more ancient enemies. I can't waste Origin Energy, it's my chance. "
 "When no one needs the origin Energy, it's my chance instead," he laughed.
 Everyone was stunned.
  Then, they all laughed.
 It made sense!
 If everyone went to cultivate the new martial Dao, then the origin Energy wouldn't be of much use to them. At this time, director Zhou indeed had many opportunities. If the Stargate could be opened, the origin Energy could continue to be projected ... At that time, it would be hard to say who would have a greater future.
 No one dared to say that the bright star Universe was stronger than the origin universe.
 However, this anticipation in his heart did not mean that it was the truth. Too many experts had emerged from the path of origins. Even the inner world of a human King was actually a type of great Dao of origins.
 That era had produced so many powerhouses that the current human race could not compare to.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. He tidied his clothes and said,""Director Wang, continue to experiment with the new body. The rest of you, follow me. Although I want to spend more time exploring martial arts and developing the People's lives ... I also understand one thing. With strong enemies surrounding us, we should kill them first!"
 "Let's go!"
 The moment he said that, everyone followed. Director Wang actually jumped up,""I'll go too! I don't need to get used to it, I'll just use this body first, and I'll change it if I feel it's not good in the future!"
 At that moment, he had already entered a body with 108 Dao meridians.
 Director Wang chuckled."Opening 36 Dao meridians will allow one to reach the peak of the past. If all 108 of them are opened ... It won't be any worse than the undying state of the past."
 I'll just use it first.
 "Alright then ... Let's go!" Li Hao smiled.  He didn't say much.
 Yuming quickly followed. He still had to set up the sky screen. This time, the Research Institute would have a lot of sky screens, which would save everyone a lot of time.
 As for director Qi, he did not go out. He stayed behind to accompany Zhang an.
 Of course, Zhang an didn't need his company.
 Zhang an only prepared to leave after everyone had left. However, director Qi took the initiative and said,""Director Zhang,"
 Zhang an glanced at him and seemed to have just remembered him. After a long time, he said,""Junior Qi."
 Junior!
 Qi Yun was actually from mcmau.
 Of course, many of the people in Lu Zhen's research Institute were from mcmau. Lu Zhen himself was an instructor at mcmau, even the Dean. His daughter, the teacher of the human King, was also one of mcmau's higher-ups, and his son-in-law had once been mcmau's Vice-Chancellor.
 Qi Yun looked old and was older than Zhang an, but in fact, he was younger than Zhang an.
 Hearing Zhang an address him as junior, director Qi revealed a smile."Senior Zhang, I have something to report to you."
 "What?"
  "About the research at the Research Institute ... It wasn't convenient for me to talk about it with the others around."
 "Tell me, what's the matter?" Zhang an raised his eyebrows slightly.
 "The Research Institute has eight main research directions, including the radiation range of the Dao of origin ..."
 Zhang an nodded.
 "This time," Qi Yun continued,"Governor li discovered the bright star World. I've been wondering if the severing of the origin Dao is related to the bright star World. Were the great Dao universes connected? If they're connected ... Can you find the universe of origin and thus obtain a connection with the new martial?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He looked at Zhang an."We're weak and unable to explore the bright star Universe. Senior Zhang might be the strongest neo martial artist in the current era. He's from mcmau!" As the guard of the human King and the grandson of a Supreme martial artist ... I think that senior Zhang has the duty and responsibility to sacrifice himself to enter the bright star Universe and explore the bright star great Dao. From there, he will work hard to find a way to connect with the neo martial arts!"
 He looked at Zhang an."I've seen that you've been silent all this time, and you've never mentioned looking for neo martial. Governor li and the others are not people of that era, so they don't care. Why don't you work hard on your own and find a way back?" Are we really going to wait for Li Hao to open the Stargate and then go look for new martial arts?"
 "You and I are both from mcmau ... There are many students in mcmau, but there are not many real mcmau people ... Senior, you are a student in the same batch as the human King. Are you reluctant to give up your saint's power?"
 "Junior Qi, are you lecturing me?" Zhang an raised his eyebrows.
 Qi Yun, who had been rather gentle before, nodded and said bluntly,""As the strongest mcmau person of this era, the other mcmau students should be on the same side as senior! "Senior has a high status and is the backbone of everyone. I'm very happy to see senior here ... It's just that senior didn't show any intention of returning to neo martial arts ... Nor did he try to rescue, search, or investigate neo martial arts! Just now, even Wang Ye was trying to walk on a new path and might have a chance to return to neo martial arts. Why didn't you say anything, senior?"

 "I have my own plans."
 "Your plan is to wait and observe in the dark?" Qi Yun did not stand on ceremony. No wonder ... No wonder it was said that the senior's performance was the most average among the descendants of venerable sovereigns of that era. He had no desire to improve himself and could only accompany Vice-Chancellor Fang to flatter him. Vice-Chancellor Fang was also a hero among women. How could he fall for someone like the senior? Even the human King wouldn't be interested in such a brother-in-law ... So, senior, don't even think about it! "Mcmau people are not like this!"
 Zhang an looked at him silently, his eyes a little cold.
 "What? senior, do you still want to hit me?" Qi Yun asked indifferently. "This is what mcmau fears the most. If it's discovered that fellow disciples are killing each other ... Even if the senior is the grandson of a Supreme, he'll be finished! Besides, I'm just a wisp of spiritual power! "As the strongest mcmau person of this era, senior, if you have no intention of integrating mcmau and neo martial, then please do not call yourself an mcmau student anymore!"
 Zhang an snorted and turned around to leave.
 "What is senior thinking?" Qi Yun frowned in dissatisfaction. At this time, he still couldn't let go of his identity as the descendant of a Supreme Being? The disappearance of Zhi Zun and the others might be a good thing for senior. At least ... You don't have to worry about your identity and background!"
 "I'll consider it. I don't need you to lecture me!"
 Zhang an had already disappeared.
 Qi Yun sighed.
 He muttered,"if you weren't so powerful, who would be willing to pay attention to you?" It's a pity that we don't have the power of a human King. Otherwise, we would've long since defeated you!"
  This was mcmau's tradition.
 If you don't want to do it, someone else will. Unfortunately, there's nothing they can do.
 Forget it, I'm too lazy to say more.
 If Zhang an was not willing to connect to the bright star Universe, they could try it themselves.
 ……
 Li Hao was unaware of their discussion.
 At this moment, he was heading toward the star sea.
 From a distance, he could sense a powerful aura, a familiar one. He knew who it was. It was the ninth master, Li Daozong.
 It was probably cut off from the source.
 Director Wang sensed it too. At this moment, he didn't need Li Hao's protection and could move freely. However, he was much weaker.
 "That's right!" Feeling the aura, he was a little excited."That fellow is here!"
 "Why is he here?" she asked, puzzled.
 It was really strange!
 Heaven and earth had not yet fully accommodated them, and according to heaven battling city's plan, they should not have deployed their troops at this time.
 ……
 At this moment, the ninth Division commander also sensed something.
 In the next moment, they saw Li Hao and the others flying over.
 Li Hao looked at the ninth Division commander from afar and saw a few familiar Regiment commanders. He suddenly smiled.
 "It's a joy that ninth master has come from afar!"
 Li Hao laughed and stepped into the air. He didn't care about the others. From a long distance away, he approached in an instant."Ninth master, let's test whether I'm qualified to be your master today!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As soon as he finished speaking, he punched out like a fierce tiger coming down the mountain, a fist that shook the sky!
 A fierce tiger roared through the forest, even shattering the void.
  The ninth Division commander looked at him coldly and did not speak. His golden armor glowed as he punched out!  Li Hao, on the other hand, always wanted to turn the tables and find an opportunity to get back at them. He was a vengeful person.
 But ... Can you do it?
 Two golden-armored figures and two pairs of Iron Fists collided in the void!
 BOOM!
 The sea exploded!
 A huge black hole appeared, swallowing the seawater and creating a vortex. Li Hao stepped on the sea, and the vortex disappeared. The ferocious Tiger fist burst out again, and at the same time, a vast force descended.
 BOOM!
 After dozens of punches, neither of them retreated. Li Hao laughed,""The ninth master's clone is not weak. I'll use my clone to play with the ninth master!"
 "Go!"
 Behind him, a figure suddenly appeared and punched out. It was as if a mountain had crashed into it. Even the sea surface had turned into the earth. The body absorbed the earth energy and punched out with an earth-shaking force!
 BOOM!
 This time, the godly spirit did not move at all, but the ninth Division commander staggered and took a few steps back. He looked at Li Hao in surprise.
 This era, this world, could only accommodate the absolute peak.
 As such, his clone was actually extremely powerful.
 He was almost invincible among his peers!
 However ... He was still suppressed by this body and forced to retreat.
 This didn't seem to be a living person. It was indeed a clone.
 Li Hao's aura could be sensed.
 Strange!
 The 9th Division commander was also surprised. The other Regiment commanders behind him were also surprised. Although the 9th Division commander was not the real 9th Division commander, everyone knew that he was extremely powerful. In the end ... He was really defeated by the 11th Division commander!
 Li Hao laughed."Ninth brother, I'm just joking. You don't mind, right?"
  “……”
 "What ... Did you just call me?" the ninth Division commander was stunned.
 Li Hao laughed."According to the rules of the heaven battling Army, you are the ninth Division commander, and I am the eleventh Division commander. You are the ninth, and I am the eleventh ... We are brothers, so don't be shy!"
 Then, he laughed and looked at the group leaders behind him."The seventh and Eighth Regiment commanders are all here. Long time no see, I miss you. Are you interested in becoming the regiment commander of the 11th Division?"
 The group leaders were extremely embarrassed and did not say a word.
 The ninth Division commander snorted."Li Hao, this is for you. Can you use it?"
 They were all dead. Even Li Hao would find it difficult to maintain their existence.
 Li Hao laughed,"if you dare to give it to me, I dare to use it!" If you don't believe me, you can come at me. I'll build you a suitable body, it'll be very useful!"
 "Director Wang, come out and meet brother nine!"
 Behind them, director Wang was a little embarrassed.

