fileno%d
 army camp.
 The king of Dali had returned.
 One by one, the generals quickly entered the tent.
 In this battle, the generals who led the troops were all covered in blood. They were all very depressed. They entered the camp with their heads lowered and knelt down.
 Everyone trembled in fear.
 Although the Li Dynasty was not defeated in the first battle, they were indeed defeated. Of course, it was partly because of the heaven-battling Army. Otherwise, Li Hao's side would have suffered more losses.
 However, in everyone's eyes, the Li Dynasty Army had been able to win even against ten soldiers. Even if they had the same military strength, it was nothing to be proud of.
 There were too few people in the Li Dynasty!
 If the losses were one to one, then would the Central Plains lack this million troops?
 According to their thoughts, they should have destroyed it as easily as crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood.
  "Get up!"
 The king of Dali was not as irascible as he used to be, and he seemed much calmer.
 "In this battle, the other party has dispatched the Demon Hunter Army and heaven battling Army, which are the Trump cards and elites of the entire Heavenly Star, even the elites of the neo martial artists. In fact, this also means that Li Hao ... Only has these trump cards!"
 The Dali King revealed a smile. His usual overbearing manner seemed to have disappeared. At this moment, he seemed very pleased."Li Hao has shown his trump card in this battle. I've seen his bottom line."
 He didn't really lose.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Of course, this battle would greatly boost the morale of Li Hao's side, while it was inevitable that their own morale would be somewhat low.
 However, in this battle, not many of the true elites of the Li Dynasty's Army had actually participated in the battle, including the demonic beast Army that rode on the demons.
 "Your Majesty ... I have embarrassed the Li Dynasty. Please, Your Majesty, kill me as a sacrifice to the flag!"
 On the side of the Tiger guards, a general knelt down with a pained expression, begging for death.
 In this battle, they could be considered the elite of the elite. The Tiger guards had actually failed to make any contributions and had instead been suppressed by the heaven battling Army. Just three thousand heaven battling soldiers had caused the Tiger guards to suffer heavy losses.
 The Dali King raised his hand and said,""Stand up!"
 The general didn't dare to say anything more. He stood up and gritted his teeth, exuding a fierce aura.
 Li Dynasty had been defeated in the first battle, and he was very upset.
 At this moment, the officiant also said softly,"my King, why did you fight with Li Hao today?" The millions of soldiers of the Li Dynasty have come from far away, and their resources are limited. When we attack the city, we can quickly complete the breakthrough. "
 There was actually not much point in tangling with Li Hao here.
 Heavenstar was too big!
 "At this moment, we must slaughter in all directions and make the other party run around and extinguish the fire everywhere. We must be tired of dealing with them!"
 The officiant looked at the Dali King."As long as we attack all the way, Li Hao is already unstable. The various places are in turmoil. He will soon be exhausted and lose control of heavenstar. Today's battle has given him a chance to show off his power."  The Dali King nodded.
 He knew.
 If Li Hao could defeat the Li Dynasty, then no one in the Heavenly Star realm would dare to resist.
 At this time, if the Li Dynasty attacked everywhere, the people would be in turmoil, and the Overlord would rise. Li Hao's headache was yet to come.
 He understood.
 But ... Why did he do that?
 The Dali King smiled, looked around, and slowly said,""In today's battle, Li Hao won by a small margin. This King will do as he wishes and fight! He wants to train his troops, to train elite troops. Otherwise, the first battle wouldn't be the Demon Hunter Army, but the heaven battling Army. "
 "From his point of view, this King is also willing to stay here and accompany him in training his troops for a period of time. After all, the other three countries have not made any moves yet. Rashly entering Heavenly star's interior is very likely to cause us to fall into the quagmire of war and be unable to extricate ourselves!"
 Everyone nodded slightly.
 If they were concerned about this, they would indeed have to wait for some time. But since the Li Dynasty had already sent out their troops, and they were still waiting for the other three countries ... What was the point of sending out their troops first?
 Was it for Li Hao to train his troops?
 The king of Dali changed the topic again.""The heaven-battling Army is over 10000, and the Demon Hunter Army is not weak. There are still hundreds of thousands of super soldiers and millions of ordinary soldiers. The heavenstar side's various high-end soldiers have not been activated, including the Super cannons. We have not seen them today ... If we really go all out, we can win!"
 "But ... How many of the million strong Army can we leave behind?"
 He looked at the crowd."We've lost at least half of our forces. The other party won't be defeated in one blow. With more than half of our forces lost, we might have to deal with the counterattacks from all over Heavenly Star and the three great dynasties ... Can the Li Dynasty ... Take over the world?"
 The crowd was stunned for a moment before nodding again.
 Today, the enemy Army was countless and dark clouds were looming over them. Moreover, weapons like super cannons were useless. If they really attacked with all their forces, they might suffer heavy losses, just as the king of Dali had said.
 Of course, they would win!
  They were not afraid of Li Hao's side.
 "Then what is your Majesty's intention?"
 The officiant looked at the Dali King. It seemed that the Dali King had other thoughts.
 The king of Dali was extremely calm,'in today's battle, the other side won a small victory, but the proud Army will definitely lose! Therefore, tonight, we'll organize a high-end force to launch a surprise attack and behead Li Hao!"
 After saying that, he looked at a black-robed man from the ancient city in the tent."Today, I hope that you can help me. Join hands with the officiant to kill the general and seize the flag. We will attack the Silver City at night!"
 The black-robed man frowned.
 "My King ... You're going to attack Li Hao tonight?"
 Even if the other party was bound to lose, they wouldn't let their guard down after a small victory, right?
 To powerhouses ... A surprise attack would not have much of an effect.
 The Dali King laughed."The Silver City will be the main force. In addition, the generals under them will launch a surprise attack on the millions of minions tonight to create chaos. Li Hao doesn't know anything about military affairs. He may look impressive by placing the millions of minions in the rear, but once chaos breaks out, they will definitely attack the main Army! Today, I have been observing. As long as these millions of ordinary soldiers mess up the camp, there will be a night of unrest. His main Army at the front line will also be in turmoil ... At that time, he will be in chaos!"

 "At that time, I will gather my million-strong Army and defeat the enemy in one night!"
 Black robe Gu pondered for a while and said,""He has old generals in his Army, and even the heaven-battling Army ... How could he be unprepared?"
 "Therefore, we let them win a small battle today to make Li Hao feel that the Li Dynasty is nothing special. In that case, how would the Li Dynasty dare to attack a camp at night?"
 Black robe of ancient city listened for a while. It made sense, but it also did not make sense.
 Of course, he supported the other party's decision to launch a night raid.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com What they wanted to see was the two sides fighting.
 It was pretty good!
 "Alright, I'll contact Grandmaster ... We'll launch a surprise attack on Li Hao tonight!"
 The Dali King nodded."You'll have to make a trip there yourself. The more experts, the better. Whether the minions collapse or the beheading is successful ... Once the Army here collapses, it won't be difficult to March straight in! Li Hao wants to finish the battle in one stroke, and I think the same!"
 The black-robed man from ancient city didn't say anything else.
  He quickly left the tent and disappeared.
 After he left, one of the generals under him said in a deep voice,""Your Majesty, we can't trust these guys. Even if we defeat Li Hao's side, they'll still be trouble ..."
 The king of Dali looked at the man and frowned slightly. "We're already in an Alliance, and now that he's disrupting the morale of the Army, he must be punished! You, stand down!"
 "My King, I ..."
 "Back down!"
 "Go!" The king of Dali shouted coldly. The man was a little angry and turned to leave without saying another word.
 In the tent, some people were also a little indignant.
 This was how it was originally!
 Did the king think that these people were trustworthy?
 That would be laughable!
 The Dali King said lightly,"the enemy is right in front of us. We can't panic. There are people who have the same idea as him. Step down now, in case I don't give you face next!"
 Naturally, no one dared to say anything when he said that. However, there were still some people who had indignant looks in their eyes.
 The Dali King's eyes were sharp as he said lightly,""You guys ... Back off!"
 He pointed at a few people. These people all gritted their teeth and left.
 They felt that the king had been bewitched!
 "We're all loyal and devoted, but now, we're being scolded for just a reminder. Are those unknown experts from the ancient city really trustworthy?
 The Li Dynasty was not his puppet.  Very quickly, there were much fewer people in the camp.
 The king of Dali did not say anything more and continued,""Tonight, the officiant will lead the temple's priests and half of the divine guards to work with the ancient city's powerhouses to attack the Silver City's powerhouses. Once the enemy's Army is in chaos ... You will lead the Army to attack the enemy's camp!"
 "On the temple's side, prepare your defenses. Don't give them the chance to spy on us. In the era of supers, there are many methods!"
 The officiant nodded and didn't say anything.
 "All of you, step down. Calm the morale of the Army, so that it doesn't waver ..."
 In the tent, the others left one after another.
 Just as the officiant was about to leave, the Dali King raised his hand and the officiant stopped.
 In the Li Dynasty, the status of the officiant was actually higher than that of the king.
 However, this generation's Dali King was too powerful, and he even had the blessing of heaven's will. Even if the officiant was also extremely powerful, he knew that he might not be able to match this person. Therefore, this generation's Dali King had more authority than the previous Dali Kings.
 The officiant was a little confused, but he didn't say anything.
 After waiting silently for a while, the generals who had been chased out earlier had returned. However, they were still a little confused.
 My King, why did you call us back?
 The king of Dali was extremely calm,"I'm just putting on an act!" As the ancient city's powerhouses were neo martial artists, the aftershock of their power was too strong. There was some noise in the Army, and some tribe leaders had too much contact with these people! Even my might can't intimidate them ... Just now in the tent, when I drove you out, those people didn't react at all. They probably also felt that it was wrong to slander the experts of the ancient city!"
 Everyone's hearts trembled slightly.
 "Dali has been working hard to rule for 200 years," the king continued,"how can it be shaken by a few ancient city powerhouses?" Li Hao said that I'm a dog for the ancient city's experts. He underestimated me!"
 "It's just that there are too many powerhouses in the ancient city. The remaining power of the neo martial artists is too strong. Whether it's me or Li Hao, we'll still have to face these guys in the end!"
  The Dali King sneered."Of course, when the other party appears and asks us to send our troops ... If we don't send our troops, it will be a big problem. However, sending our troops is only to satisfy some of their selfish desires!"
 "Let this King's entire army attack. They won't care how many casualties they suffer!"
 The king of Dali saw it very clearly. On the side, the officiant wanted to say something but stopped.
 "There's no need for you to say anything, officiant," the Dali King said lightly."You might want to say that we should work together. At this moment, it's better for us to have their help, right?"
 The officiant nodded slightly.
 He also knew that the ancient city's powerhouses had impure intentions, but ... With the help of these powerhouses, it would still be very beneficial for the Li Dynasty.
 "Officiant can only see the present and not the future ... Those guys incited the four big countries to send troops to Heavenly Star to fight today, but those guys kept instigating me to go all out and not care about death ... I can roughly understand their thoughts."
 He raised his head and looked at the sky,'heaven's will is born, heaven has eyes! The cycle of life, perfecting the heavenly Dao! Large numbers of elites and supers died in battle and returned to the world ... To complete the reincarnation cycle, stabilize the will of the world, and stabilize the world, perhaps ... That's what they're after!"
 The officiant was slightly shocked.
 This king of Dali ... This generation's king of Dali, he really could not see through him.

 "Then, Your Majesty's intention ..."
 "Tonight, the officiant will attack Li Hao's side with the powerhouses of the ancient city. Half of them will be divine guards and the other half will be priests!"
 The officiant looked at the king of Dali, and the king of Dali looked at the generals below.""Go back and mobilize the elites of the Army. This King also has an earth drilling shuttle! Be careful and take half of the elites. The divine Hall will cover the area. Tonight, I will personally lead these elite soldiers ... To block the path of retreat and kill all the experts of the ancient city!"
 "Your Majesty, this ..." The officiant's expression changed slightly.
 "Officiant, I know you have some tricks up your sleeve ... But don't use them. Tonight, we'll feign defeat. "However, we can't suffer too great of a loss. If the ambush fails and the ancient city's experts retreat ... You have to cover their retreat and stop Li Hao's group ... I'll kill them myself and take their origin!"
 "I don't think so," the king of Dali said calmly."Li Hao and the others are practicing neo martial arts, so the origin isn't of much use. That's why they didn't pay much attention to killing the powerhouses of the ancient city ... But in Dali, we've inherited the beginner martial Dao, so the origin is still very useful! They would kill all the experts who came out! Seize the origin and become a powerful Divine Guard!"
 "On your side, distract a few experts from the ancient cities ... Have them send more reinforcements. I'm going to waste time with Li Hao and exhaust the ancient cities 'combat power. Li Hao is using me to train his troops, so I'll use him to lure more experts from the ancient cities and kill them one by one. He's training his troops, and I'm training the experts!"
 "Your Majesty, once the news is leaked ..." The officiant's expression changed slightly.
 "Then don't let the news leak out!"
  The king of Dali was extremely calm,"as long as we kill them all, how can we let the news leak?" In their eyes, how could humans dare to scheme against them? Li Hao was the only exception. Was there a second one? I've always treated these ancient city experts with great respect, hoping to use their hands to seize heavenstar. Why would I attack them and cripple myself?"
 "Maybe it was Li Hao, maybe it was other ancient city's experts, maybe it was all sorts of reasons, but ... It wasn't me!"
 King Dali looked into the distance."Officiant," he said."I am very clear. Even if we capture heavenstar, what is the point?" The only way out for Dali was to continuously increase the number and strength of their powerhouses, constantly surpass them, and even fight against the neo martial artists! The goal of this expedition was never to seize heavenstar!"
 He suddenly laughed."I'm just measuring Li Hao's strength. If he's too weak ... I'll make use of the ancient city to destroy him!" "If he's strong enough ... We'll use him to wipe out the powerhouses in the ancient city and let the divine guards and temple priests break through to the peak of neo martial arts!"
 The temple officiant could not suppress the throbbing in his heart and slowly said,""Then, the raid tonight ..."
 "Do as I say. Put pressure on Li Hao and the others, as well as on the ancient city. In addition, let the disobedient tribes lead the Army out. It doesn't matter how many casualties there are ..."
 At this moment, the generals were all extremely excited. They all shouted,""The king is wise!"
 He seized the origin of the ancient city's experts and offered sacrifices to the powerful divine guards.
 This ... They didn't even dare to think about it.
 The ancient city's experts were too terrifying.
 The king of Dali was still very calm."Neo martial arts is gone. Besides, it's just a group of guys who betrayed neo martial arts. They're like snakes and rats. What's there to be afraid of?" In this battle, even if they couldn't take down heavenstar, it didn't matter to the overall situation. By snatching one person's natural source and strengthening one person, even if they didn't reach the peak, they could still achieve the so-called sixth level of the mountain sea realm of heavenstar! "Remember, at the end of the war, the strong are the key. As for the soldiers under his command, the Li Dynasty's one million elite soldiers are more than enough. Li Hao needs elite soldiers, and we need the strong!"
 Everyone understood!  "Your Majesty ... Is going to put on a show with Li Hao?"
 The Dali King laughed and shook his head,"no, it's not an act. It's a real fight!" His men are just enough for us to train our generals. He trains his soldiers, and we train our generals. After tonight's surprise attack fails ... This King will fight with him!"
 General fighting!
 Everyone's hearts trembled once again.
 The Dali King revealed a smile."He's drawn on the ancient people's origins. His strength is superficial. Just right. I can use his generals to train!" He will accompany me to train my generals, and this King will accompany him to train my soldiers!"
 Would Li Hao agree?
 He would.
 Li Hao was more than happy to buy some time so that he could train up an elite troop.
 The Li Dynasty didn't lack elite soldiers, but it really did lack powerful experts.
 He was very powerful, and so was the officiant, but the rest of the people were not that powerful. Although the outside world felt that the Dali divine guards and the temple priests had reached the level of divine power and were unparalleled in strength ... Was the Dali King satisfied?
 He was not satisfied!
  He was too weak!
 How was he going to conquer the Silver Moon and the ancient experts with such strength?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com And now, the opportunity had come.
 The more powerful Li Hao was, the happier he was. Only then would the ancient city be so wary that it would keep sending reinforcements.
 "Also, do not send a large number of soldiers to their deaths. There are no benefits if too many people die!" Even if those tribe soldiers were disobedient, he would save them if he could! It also shows that the Li Dynasty's Army is of use and that we live in harmony!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 The generals were overjoyed. The king of Dali waved his hand."Go, be careful. Pick the elites and follow this King tonight!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 The generals were about to leave in excitement when the Dali King frowned and said,""Calm down. You were just punished by this King, so you're in high spirits now. Are you afraid that others don't know? It's said that the Li Dynasty's soldiers only have martial strength but no brains ... I think Li Hao's promotion of education in the Central Plains is a good thing!"

 The generals didn't dare to laugh anymore. As if they had lost their parents, they carefully left.
 After they left, King Dali looked at the temple officiant and said after a long time,""Jiang Li, compared to seizing the world and having an undeserved reputation, I want to truly shock the world and dominate the universe! Li Hao is blessed by heaven's will, and so am I ... Right now, it's not the time for me to fight with Li Hao. We're both people favored by heaven's will of this era. Since that's the case ... I want to take advantage of this moment to get rid of some of the troubles left behind by the ancient people!"
 "Your Majesty is right," the officiant of the divine Hall bowed slightly.
 The king of Dali just looked at him for a long time, and then slowly said,""So ... This King doesn't want to be the spokesperson of any beginner God. The temple ... Is no exception!"
 The officiant's expression changed slightly.
 "Go back and think about it," the Dali King said calmly. "Faith is a good thing! However, the person they believed in was already an unknown existence from thousands of years ago, so why would they still believe in him? What did he bring? What had changed? What do we have now? Chu Wu had been defeated again and again, so why did he always like to think of unrealistic things? Even if the Li Dynasty really did win the World, wouldn't it be the Li Dynasty's own credit? Don't tell me ... It's also thanks to the God of beginner martial?"
 The temple officiant's expression changed completely.
 The king of Dali just looked at him silently and said nothing more.
 This generation's temple officiant was actually very powerful. He knew in his heart that he had even received some blessings from the God of beginner martial ... He didn't ask whether it was true or not, but he could sense some special things.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But ... He didn't care.
  What he cared about was that the Li Dynasty was his world, and he would not allow, nor could he allow, a second voice to appear.
 The officiant took a deep breath and slowly said,""My King, I'll go back first. I'll consider it!"
 "Go!"
 After watching the officiant leave, King Dali looked into the distance. There, the world was tumbling. That was the area where Li Hao and the others were.
 Li Hao was not weak.
 Of course, he was not afraid.
 Li Hao wanted to make use of him, and so did he. In the end, it all depended on who was more brilliant.
 ……
 Silver City.
 Everyone was extremely excited. They had won the first battle. Although it was only with the participation of the heaven battling Army that they had won, and the losses were not small, it was much better than they had expected.
 However, at this moment, the ninth master still said,""It was only the first collision, and it was a small-scale battle. Compared to the million-strong Army on the other side, we only sent out tens of thousands of troops today. Moreover, we only managed to win a small victory by betting on the Demon Hunter Army and heaven battling Army. I hope you guys won't be too proud!"
 It was fine to be happy, but there was no need to be lost.
 The gap between the two was still huge.
 The strongest Demon Hunter Army could only fight to a draw against the ten thousand strong enemy Army. The other armies were clearly weaker.
 Huang Yu's face was also serious,"that's right!" Looking at our Army, the Demon Hunter Army isn't too bad. The nine divisions Army hasn't undergone strict training, and their individual strength isn't weak. However, once they form an Army, it will be a bit chaotic. On the battlefield earlier, the 10000 people that went into battle made some mistakes ... Leading to heavy losses. "
  Li Hao also nodded,"that's right!" "Of course, it's necessary to be happy. After all, it's just a small victory ..."  He then continued,"it's just that ... The king of Dali's reaction was beyond my expectations. He didn't send his entire Army. I thought he would do that. I was prepared to give him a hard time. In the end ... He actually admitted defeat."
 Li Hao frowned.
 In fact, if the Li Dynasty's Army had attacked at that time, he had been prepared. He had even prepared for the self-destruction of his God's avatar. With the help of Hong Yitang's earth crushing formation, it would definitely be enough to deal with the other party.
 However, the other party had actually admitted defeat just like that.
 Li Hao was really surprised!
 In his mind, the king of Dali should be an unparalleled overbearing existence who would never admit defeat. Dali was even more barbaric than Silver Moon, so how could he admit defeat so easily?
 However, the truth was ... That was how it was.
 Even the Dali King himself didn't make a move, and Li Hao was ready for a great battle between the two sides.
 It was really strange!
 The king of Dali's reaction had somewhat disrupted his plans.
 While Li Hao was talking, Qian Wuliang entered the room with an old man who had clairaudient ears. At this moment, clairadient said nervously,"Governor, a Special Defense has been raised over at the Li Dynasty, isolating everything ... We can't hear or detect anything now. We only know that some powerful cultivators have left the Li Dynasty Army ..."
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
 After thinking for a moment, a mirror appeared in his hand. Without saying anything, he poured a surge of energy into it. Soon, the mirror fluctuated and overflowed into the world.
 The ripple slowly vibrated!
  However, although it was a little chaotic, Li Hao could still sense something. He focused his eyes and raised his eyebrows."The experts have left ... It seems that one person is indeed missing ..."
 After saying that, he injected more energy into the mirror, and the ripples became more intense.
 Gradually, it spread in all directions.
 However, in the Silver Moon land, this mirror seemed to be restricted. Some areas of the ancient city seemed to be isolated from the sky and earth, and it couldn't detect anything.
 Soon, a black shadow flashed and disappeared. It was hard to capture him again.
 "Oh?" Li Hao raised his eyebrows and said after a long while,"there's one less ancient powerhouse around the Dali King. He seems to have left ..."
 Now, the experts under him had many tricks up their sleeves.
 Li Hao had also been monitoring his every move.
 However, it didn't seem like a big deal that an ancient expert had left.
 Could it be that he was going to ask for reinforcements?

 But it was only a small defeat, and the Li Dynasty could not even be considered a failure. It was a battle of 5000 against 3000, and the heaven battling Army had killed thousands. Under such circumstances, would the king of the Li Dynasty choose to ask for help from the ancient city?
 Wouldn't that make him seem too useless?
 With such a thought, director Zhao suddenly said,"The king of Dali isn't going to launch a surprise attack on us and execute a decapitation strategy, right? He probably doesn't want to suffer too many losses. After all, the Li Dynasty's military strength is limited ..."
 "Furthermore, the other party is working with the betrayer. If there's an expert to use, it would be a waste not to use him ..." He added.
 He felt that there was still a possibility.
 Everyone was also mulling over the meaning of these words. A beheading strategy.
 Could the other party do it?
 With the help of a large number of ancient city experts, it might be possible.
 Of course, the other party had also underestimated Li Hao's group. If they really did that ... They would definitely be in serious trouble.
 Li Hao rubbed his chin and smiled.""If that's the case ... Then we can make the other party suffer a big loss. I'm not in a hurry. The other three parties haven't made any big moves for the time being, but I'm willing to stay here and grind with the king of Dali!"
  "If we can kill a portion of the Li Dynasty's powerhouses, then we can force them to train with us instead of having a decisive battle ... This will only be beneficial to us, and there will be no harm!"
 He then added,"be prepared ... Also ... This wind and cloud treasure mirror will not be damaged. From today onwards, hang it here and observe it every day. This is to prevent the other party from using any special means to attack quickly! If the enemy wants to ambush us, then they're too naive!"
 The wind and cloud Deputy mirror could detect vitality.
 This item consumed a lot of energy, but it could prevent enemies from suddenly attacking without them knowing.
 "Not only that," the ninth Division commander said,"the auxiliary Mirror may not be able to detect everything. We still have to be careful."
 "Yes!" Li Hao nodded and smiled.
 After he finished speaking, he fell into deep thought again and looked at the enemy camp 10000 meters away. Executing the strategy of beheading a strong Esper ... This wasn't that easy.
 Of course, the other party might feel that their side was not strong enough.
 For someone like the king of Dali, it was normal for him to take revenge at night after suffering a loss.
 "Be careful tonight ... No, be careful at all times. Try not to split up. If anything happens, listen to my orders and fight back quickly. Also, calm the Army and don't blow up the camp!"
 "Yes!"
 Everyone accepted the order.
 After these people dispersed, Li Hao looked into the distance and frowned slightly. The power of the world of the king of Dali was also very powerful. It carried the will of the world and rolled over.
 If he really wanted to behead them ... His plan to train his troops would be ruined.
 Of course, if he could kill a large number of the other party's powerhouses and force them to continue training with him, that would be good as well. It would break the desire of the other powerhouses to win.
 ……
  Just as both sides had their own thoughts.  In an ancient city.
 The black-robed expert's clone instantly merged with a person's original body. That person was dressed in golden armor and quickly entered the main palace."My Lord, the Li King wants to ambush Li Hao tonight and behead him. He hopes that we can help him and destroy Li Hao in one fell swoop!"
 In the main hall.
 The ancient existence was silent for a moment before slowly saying,""I've seen the battle today. The Li Dynasty did not fight to the death. Didn't they say that the king of Dali is impulsive and easily angered, and that he can't be taken advantage of?"
 The Golden-armored warrior quickly said,"the king of Dali has his own plan. He wants to feign defeat and lower Li Hao's guard. Tonight, he will ambush Li Hao and execute the strategy of beheading him. He is imitating the human King!" In addition, we'll stir up his Army tonight and launch an all-out battle to annihilate Li Hao's side!"
 "It's not that simple ..."
 The man chuckled."If it were that simple, we would have annihilated Li Hao's side long ago. The king of Dali ... Is too naive!" He said.
 They wanted to lower Li Hao's guard with just a small victory?
 Did the king of Dali underestimate Li Hao too much?
 Of course, it didn't matter who won or lost. What was important was that more people died.
 He thought for a while and said,"it's not impossible to cut the origin and have an Avatar help. It's just that ... There are too many people. The commotion is too big. It'll easily attract the attention of other cities."
 After thinking for a while, he said,"go and mobilize 50 people. Cut out the origin and send it out to help the Li Dynasty!" However, remember, if there are any changes, prioritize killing. If you can't kill Li Hao ... There's no need to force it. Retreat quickly!"
 "Understood!"
 "What if we have the chance to kill Li Hao, my Lord?" gold armor nodded.
 "Then ... Kill!"
  The man laughed,"if I can kill them, I will!" "If you can 't, retreat in time. We can't let Li Hao's side benefit. The destruction of the origin avatar is a huge loss for us. For Li Hao, although his new martial arts don't require origin power, it's easy for him to seize it and revive some new martial artists."
 "Your subordinate understands!"
 Golden armor did not say anything else and quickly retreated. After leaving the city, he began to gather his men and split his clones to prepare to help the Li Dynasty.
 Of course, gold armor was thinking that it would be for the best if he could successfully eliminate Li Hao's side. There was no need to go through so much trouble.
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In the main hall.
 The man looked at the sky and frowned slightly.
 The king of Dali was also favored by the heavens.
 His thinking ... Was not wrong.
 However, launching a surprise attack after a small defeat was too rash. If they had feigned defeat for three to five days, Li Hao and the others might have let down their guard.

 "Just to test our strength?"
 He thought that the king of Dali might want to take this opportunity to see how strong they were.
 The man looked outside. In the city, there were experts guarding the mansions. There were many experts, and the energy in the city was very rich. He was thinking again. If he summoned all his avatars and sent out hundreds of origin avatars ... Would he have a chance of annihilating Li Hao's side?
 Completely annihilate them?
 "However, if that's the case, the other main cities will definitely be alerted ... At that time, perhaps none of them will be able to return."
 He sighed in his heart. If he caused too much of a commotion, it would also be troublesome.
 On the contrary, it would help Li Hao.
 On the other hand, the main cities would probably wait and see the battle between Li Hao and the Li Dynasty for a while.
 'Why ... Is second recovery so difficult?'
 Even the heavens and earth are not willing to give us the chance to appear?
  "Also, the three major organizations that I've supported, including the clear sky Villa, have all disappeared. These guys are all ungrateful wolves that I can't raise.
 He laughed at himself.
 The guys in this era couldn't be raised well.
 There would always be a group of people who thought that they were the protagonists of the world.
 And that king of Dali ...
 The Li Dynasty's early stage martial world ... Was there really a strong practitioner left behind from the early stage martial world at the early stage martial world?
 Also, the Crimson Moon's side hasn't been doing much recently ... The Silver Moon world sure has a lot of trouble.
 As these thoughts flashed through his mind, the man closed his eyes.
 Betraying neo martial, was he destined to not go far?
 ……
 After a while, many shadows walked out of the ancient city. They were all wearing black robes that covered their faces. Their appearances could not be seen clearly, and their origins were blurry.
 The 50 clones of the experts were only there to help the Li Dynasty. Even if they couldn't kill Li Hao's group, they would at least cause them to suffer heavy losses. This gave the Li Dynasty the courage to continue attacking, and it was the Golden-armored clone, black robe, who led the team.
 He felt that the king of Dali was still too timid. Otherwise, if the Army had come today, it might not have been so troublesome.
 He had to give the Li Dynasty King confidence!
 The sky was getting dark.
 The night began to fall.
 ……
 At this moment, in the Li army camp.
 The officiant was leading the team, and beside him were hundreds of powerful cultivators with divine arts. There were priests from the divine Hall, the divine guards of King Dali, and a portion of powerful cultivators in black robes who had concealed their aura. They were all from the ancient city.
 More than a hundred people stood in place.
 The Dali King's voice was calm,"tonight, we will wipe out the resistance Army of heavenstar!" Everyone, we must work together! If there were any changes, the priests of the temple of God and the God Guards Army would take the Masters of the ancient city and leave to cover the retreat! We can't let them find out that we have experts from the ancient cities helping us ... Otherwise, our identities will be exposed, and the other ancient cities of Silvermoon will send their troops ..."
 In the crowd, the black robes from the ancient city felt much more at ease when they heard this.
 "Don't worry, Dali King," a black-robed man said with a deep laugh."We all have the power of a Paragon. With the officiant's help ... We'll definitely be able to kill Li Hao and the others in one fell swoop!"
 "Then I'll wait for the seniors to bring me good news!" The king of Dali smiled.
 "The king of Dali ... Is he ... Not going to participate in this battle?" a black-robed man asked in a low voice.
 The Dali King laughed."I'm going to stay here and stir up the forces of heaven and earth so that Li Hao doesn't know in advance. We're confronting each other. He'll only be at ease with me here. Otherwise ... He'll know in advance!"
  Everyone thought about it and felt that it made sense.  The king of Dali said no more and looked at the temple officiant."This time ... I'll have to trouble you, officiant!"
 The officiant's eyes were slightly complicated, and he quickly said,""I don't dare, I'll definitely do my best!"
 "Then ... Let's set off. We'll go around the Army and be careful to avoid being detected by the other party. Seniors, please help us!"
 The officiant didn't say much and quickly left with the hundred or so people.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After they had left for a while, the king of Dali waited for a while. One figure after another appeared. Some of the divine guards and a few generals appeared, all somewhat excited.
 The king of Dali took a look at the other side, sensed it, and laughed.
 Something had been probing him.
 Li Hao had a lot of treasures.
 But ... Knowing that this King is gone, what can you do?
 He casually threw out a seal. This seal also emitted a faint royal aura. The aura rose in the tent as if a King had descended.
 The Dali King looked at the people in front of him and waved his hand. An earth drilling shuttle appeared and he said in a low voice,"I hope ... That all of you can become strong and become my helpers, instead of being at the mercy of others!"
 The group of people had fanatical eyes as they half-knelt on the ground and said with fanatical voices,""Pioneer for the king!"
 The Dali King nodded slightly and said,"then let's go ... Ancient severing experts!" If they can kill Li Hao, we ... Can kill him too! We can't allow a single origin to escape before our eyes. Once it does ... The Li Dynasty will be in danger!"
 Everyone also understood the danger. If they succeeded in killing him, of course, it would be a huge harvest. However, if they failed ... Someone would escape and return to the ancient city. Then, Dali would be in trouble.
 No one said a word and entered the earth-drilling shuttle one after another. The Dali King was the last to enter and quickly disappeared from his spot.
 ,m Only a few divine guards were left in the tent. The king Dao Grand seal was still emitting a powerful aura that shook the world.  ……
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly opened his eyes and looked at the mirror.
 His expression changed slightly.
 The Dali King ... Seemed to have disappeared?
 His aura was still there, but it didn't seem to be him.
 Strange?
 Were they really going to launch a surprise attack tonight?
 Are you underestimating us, or do you think that by borrowing the power of those traitors, you really have no scruples?
 Li Hao's eyes turned cold. Since that's the case, then don't blame me for being impolite. This king of Dali wouldn't think that he left without anyone knowing, would he?
  Although the aura there was still strong, it had the aura of a King.
 However, Li Hao, who had also been blessed by heaven's will, could clearly tell that the two were different.
 "Men! Prepare for battle!"
 Li Hao's order was passed down."Since that's the case, I won't be polite. Since you've sent yourself to me, I'll harvest some to dispel your thoughts."
 However ... He still felt that something was not right.
 The king of Dali had also been blessed by heaven's will. If he still had any brains, he should know that when he left, others might not notice it, but he would.
 Even if he didn't know about the existence of the wind and cloud Deputy mirror, he shouldn't have left personally. Instead, he should have stayed where he was and waited for the battle to start before coming to help. It wasn't too far away and he could still confuse him.
 "Strange!"
 Li Hao racked his brain, but for a moment, he couldn't quite understand what the king of Dali meant. This guy ... Does he think I'm a fool?
 F * ck, I'll show you what I'm made of tonight!

 The night fell.
 Tonight, Silver City seemed a little cold and lonely.
 The Army outside the city also quieted down from the hustle and bustle of the day. From all directions, there were still some Army supers from the North who continued to join the army in large numbers.
 In the city, Li Hao had been waiting.
 He was also thinking.
 He knew that he was too young and had no experience in leading an Army. However, when it came to one-on-one combat, the Silvermoon soldiers were not afraid of anyone.
 Silver Moon was actually not good at team battles.
 However, if it was a battle between experts ... He wasn't afraid, nor was the Silver Moon Martial Master, nor were the experts who had come with him.
 The experts stood there for a long time, as if they were waiting for something.
 Some people revealed perverted smiles, while others thought of something good and laughed.
  Nan Quan had been in a good mood recently, and he even moved closer to Yu Luosha, causing hou Xiaochen to look at him coldly. Hou Xiaochen was a little disdainful, and he took a few steps back before moving closer to the Emerald light sword. The Emerald light sword was also cold and indifferent, while Yuan Shuo did not show any reaction, only glancing at Nan Quan.
 With this one look, Nan Quan cursed in his heart. He looked around and was a little speechless. He didn't move closer to the light sword.
 Although the current light sword was in harmony with yin and yang and looked much better than the big-bearded man back then, to the southern Fist ... Forget it, it was better to stay away from it.
 It was also because of him that the team seemed to have some vitality.
 Otherwise, this place would be like hell to anyone.
 Li Hao's voice slowly rang out."The king of Dali has also left. Be careful. The king of Dali and the temple officiant are both very powerful, even more terrifying than the origin avatars ... As for the origin avatars, they're no longer in the era of the origin, so there's no need to be too afraid."
 Everyone nodded and did not speak.
 No one was surprised that the king of Dali and the others had chosen to behead him. If they really came, no one would be afraid of anything.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else.
 He had already said what he needed to say.
 He just felt that the Dali King was a little strange. He knew that he could have noticed his departure, but he still wanted to make a scene and choose to launch a surprise attack ... He might as well have a one-on-one fight with us.
 He was a King tier, but now he seemed a little wretched.
 A long sword appeared in his hand.
 The king of Dali was not willing to train his soldiers, but there was nothing he could do. The strong would decide the winner, and he was not afraid of him. This guy wanted to court death ... Then he would send him on his way in advance.
 ……
 South of Silver City.
 Dozens of black-robed cultivators stood in the air, and a light shield appeared around them.
  Looking in the direction of the Silver City, someone sighed.""Silver City ... No, it should be called sword city. It hasn't appeared for many years, and now, the seas have changed into fields. The eight main cities, sword city ... Is gone, right?"  "Who knows? maybe it's still there. How can it be gone so easily? It's just that ... It might not appear anymore. Sword city is probably wandering in the world barrier ..."
 "If sword city still existed, who do you think would be in charge Now?"
 "It's hard to say,"
 "I'm not interested in these. I'm just a little puzzled. It's not strange for the other families 'divine weapons to be outside, but sword city ... If I remember correctly, we entered the world barrier at the first moment back then. How did the starry sky sword still come out?"
 "I'm not sure. Maybe the Li family's main bloodline won, so they gave away the starry sky sword and some of their clansmen."
 "Are you hoping that our clansmen who have been stranded outside will kill their way back? However, I have to say that after so many years, Li Hao has appeared. He is indeed quite capable. "
 Of the eight major cities, the other seven were still on the ground.
 It was actually understandable for the main bloodline to leave at a critical moment and bring along a Guardian divine weapon.
 Only the appearance of the starry sky sword in the Li family ... Made these people who knew the inside story very confused.
 It didn't matter if the others didn't know.
 However, they knew that the Stargate was closed as soon as venerable the sword and his group left that day. Venerable the sword and his group were attacked, and the people who stayed behind in sword city drove the ancient city into the sky and entered the world barrier to fight.
 Under such circumstances, how could the Li clan appear?
 Of the eight great families, it wouldn't be strange for seven to appear, but for the Li family to appear ... That was truly strange.
 Of course, at that time, they had no choice but to seal the ancient city and choose to sleep. As for the details, after 100000 years, no one could turn back time to investigate anything.
 If sword city was still here, they would know the reason sooner or later.
 "The Dali King is not weak, and the officiant of the temple is not weak either ... Other than them, the others are just average. It seems that we have to rely on us!" I don't know what Daren is thinking. Why don't we use all the powerful clones in the city? perhaps we can directly annihilate the Li family!"
  "The Lord has his own ideas ... We will just carry them out. Don't think too much. We are all in the same boat now. The Lord doesn't want this world to be under the Li family name again!"
 There was nothing wrong with this. It didn't matter what his surname was, as long as it wasn't li or Fang. That would be more terrifying.
 As he said this, the Golden armored clone suddenly said,""There's news from the Li Dynasty. They've already made their move. As soon as chaos breaks out in the city, we'll kill our way out as soon as possible!"
 "Understood!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Don't worry. In the neo martial era, we've fought countless battles. We can still grasp this bit of timing ..."
 "How could newcomers like the king of Dali understand how many battles we've experienced in that era?"
 "Alright, don't mention neo martial anymore!"
 Someone shouted in a low voice.
 As soon as he said that, everyone fell silent.
 That's right ... Sometimes, I feel very complicated.

 The strength of neo martial was what they were proud of. They had fought for neo martial, worshipped the human King, and had been fired up by the rise of neo martial.
 But ... In the end, he still betrayed neo martial.
 However, countless years later, he looked down on others and felt that neo martial arts was the truly powerful era.
 They looked down on the beginner's martial world, the new era, and even the Crimson Moon world. Even though this world was unparalleled in strength and even dared to ambush venerable the sword and the others, they even hoped that the strong people of the Crimson Moon world would help them defeat the neo martial world ...
 But every time, he would think, can Hong Yue win against neo martial arts?
 Could he defeat the invincible human King?
 Could he win against Supreme martial artist Zhang, who had calculated everything?
 This kind of complexity sometimes made them afraid to mention the word "neo martial." From the bottom of their hearts, they felt that neo martial was really powerful and that they were once a part of it.
 It was just that ... Fate made a fool of him.
 Some people had also complained that the human King was too ruthless. Corruption and dereliction of duty existed in any era. The human King was too lazy to ask for the reason and just killed them all!
  There was a lack of resources and there were too many neo martial artists. The human king only took care of some old acquaintances. He did not care about these marginal figures and did not take care of them at all. If he wanted to get some resources, once he tried to seize them by force, he would kill them with a single word!
 "Otherwise, if the human King was more merciful, why would we betray neo martial?
 Of course, a betrayal was a betrayal. No matter how many reasons or excuses he had, it could only comfort himself. Now, there was no way out.
 ……
 Just as these people were thinking about all that nonsense.
 A group of people silently approached the Silver City.
 Jiang Li, the temple officiant, had a complicated look in his eyes.
 Today, some of the words that the king of Dali had said to him actually had a hidden meaning. The divine Hall ... Should bow its head and submit.
 However, there were some priests in the temple who had extreme faith and would not easily betray the temple and pledge their loyalty to the king of Dali.
 Therefore, this time, the temple priests were the main force, not the king of Dali's personal guards, the God guards.
 Jiang Li looked at some of the priests in the crowd. Many of them were fanatics.
 And the king of Dali ... Perhaps what he wanted was for these people to stay here and never return, including those disobedient tribal warriors.
 He had never expected that the king of Dali would actually have such thoughts on this expedition.
 Jiang Li suppressed his thoughts and said,""When we attack later ... Be careful, everyone. Li Hao's side isn't weak. Otherwise, he wouldn't be so fearsome that the starry sky overlords are helpless against him! "Never underestimate the powerhouses on Li Hao's side. Our ancestors fought with master Silvermoon before. Years ago, Silver Moon was able to contend against the Li Dynasty with just a province of land. From this, we can see how powerful he is ..."
 He still gave a few more reminders.
 "Don't worry, officiant!"
 "The light of the divine Hall will surely envelop the world!" Someone quickly replied.
 That was the temple's priest.
 On the other hand, the divine guards were silent. They were only loyal to the king of Dali, so they had never been interested in the light of the temple, nor were they willing to get involved.
 And this time, the God guards actually had another mission.
 If they could not defeat Li Hao's side, they would have some priests cover the retreat. As for how they would do that ... They would wait for Jiang Li to make arrangements. They were also a little confused about the king's order, since the officiant was the head of the temple.
 Time slowly passed.
 The ball of light shrouded in darkness had already begun to float towards the Silver City.  ……
 Silver City.
 A mirror appeared, and a cloud of black mist appeared on it, but there was no more information.
 But Li Hao frowned again and again.
 He did not sense the great momentum of the world.
 The king of Dali ... Was not here!
 What was going on?
 Under such circumstances, the king of Dali was not here?
 Or was the cat somewhere, waiting for an opportunity to give him a thunderous blow?
 The atmosphere was a little strange that night.
 Seeing that the black mist was about to come, Li Hao said nothing. He threw the mirror into the air, and a faint light enveloped the surroundings.
 At this moment, a black lightning bolt descended from the sky.
 BOOM!
 A bolt from the blue.
 Li Hao's mirror trembled for a while under the lightning.
 In the next moment, Li Hao and the others heard a chant.
 The heavens and earth were turned upside down!
 The world seemed to have returned to the Era of Chaos. Li Hao had seen such a technique before. In the mine, the red shadow expert had also used such a technique.
 Back to the chaos era!
 It could trap the enemy, but of course, it could also become his own death.
 Li Hao didn't think too much about it. He shouted in a low voice,""Kill!"
 BOOM!
  In an instant, many powerhouses appeared in the void behind him and charged at the black mist!
 The fastest person was none other than Yuan Shuo.
 Like a bolt of lightning, he punched out, and the chaotic void was shattered. This person had held back for too long. With a sneer, he punched out, and the black mist exploded. In an instant, hundreds of figures appeared!
 "Hmph!" One of the black-robed figures snorted and punched out. In the blink of an eye, the battle broke out all around.
 Li Hao, however, frowned and said nothing.
 The king of Dali was really not here.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, he had seen the officiant.
 Jiang Li was also surprised. He glanced at Li Hao and said in a low voice,""It seems that Governor li has long discovered our existence. He thought that this surprise attack would have some effect."
 After he finished speaking, a special fluctuation suddenly came out of his mouth, shaking the world!
 At this moment, from the South of the silver Blizzard city, a ball of light moved in their direction.

 At the same time, Jiang Li waved his hand, and countless Thunderbolts flashed in the sky and crashed down on them. Li Hao was a little surprised. Was this the trick of a beginner martial artist?
 Controlling lightning was like a Divine Art.
 The God of beginner martial seemed to have mastered the power of one Dao.
 This seemed very similar to the people of Heavenly Star in this era. Of course, strictly speaking, this era could barely be considered the new beginner martial era of the New World. Therefore, the great Dao still had some similarities.
 "I'll deal with this person!"
 Li Hao also wanted to try and see how the path of beginner martial arts was.
 He didn't say anything, stepping into the air and slashing out with his sword!
 The chaos split open!
 The word "Thunder" appeared, and the sword exploded like Heavenly Thunder. With a boom, the black Thunderbolts in the air exploded. Li Hao raised his eyebrows. "It's nothing more than this!"
 Thunderclap versus thunderclap, Li Hao won.
  Jiang Li wasn't surprised. If Li Hao didn't have such abilities, how could he have unified the Heavenly Star Empire?
 With a wave of his hand, flames appeared in the sky.
 They split into thousands of streams and charged at Li Hao.
 Li Hao also responded with divine text. The word "fire" appeared, instantly erupting with countless flames and crushing the other party's flames again. He was in no hurry. The enemies had not all arrived yet. He wanted to see what the Dali King was up to.
 At the same time, it was also to prevent King Dali from ambushing him.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The temple officiant was indeed not weak.
 According to Li Hao's judgment, the power of lightning and fire alone was superior to many of the seven elements.
 "Governor li is indeed very brave. However ... It's still not enough!"
 Jiang Li chuckled."The path of beginner martial arts isn't just about elemental techniques!"
 With that, he instantly disappeared.
 Li Hao's surroundings suddenly fell into chaos. Everything was gone. All the experts had disappeared.
 At this moment, a giant God seemed to appear in the world and stomped at Li Hao.
 BOOM!
 Heaven and earth exploded!
 That God was extremely powerful and seemed to be officiant Jiang Li.
 Li Hao, however, looked up at the sky with a golden light in his eyes. He let the giant foot stomp down on him. Suddenly, he turned around and slashed with his sword. Frowning, he said,"A spiritual domain attack ... That's interesting. However, I have the sword eye and can see through illusions. You can't do that!"
 He turned around and slashed at something. The world shattered instantly. Jiang Li reappeared with blood flowing out of his seven apertures. He looked at Li Hao in surprise.
 "No wonder the king said that you would be a formidable opponent!"
 At this moment, the battle from all directions started again.
 The Silver Moon martial masters faced the experts of the black-robed ancient city.
 These experts from the ancient city were all origin source avatars. There were more than ten of them here, and they were extremely powerful. Their opponents were some of the experts on the Silvermoon hero list in the past. Every one of them had extraordinary combat strength!  Of course, there were also weaker powerhouses, such as the Azure light sword and the Golden spear, who were dealing with the God guards and the temple priests.
 Li Hao took a look at the methods of the divine guards. They were usually strong physically.
 On the other hand, the temple priests were rather interesting.
 There were even some people who used techniques similar to domains. These sacrifices were similar to divine powers, while the divine guards were similar to cultivators with no elemental Dao meridians.
 Jiang Li was very powerful, but ... Li Hao still didn't take him seriously. He was still waiting for King Dali.
 At this moment, a ball of light crashed into the chaos.
 In an instant, 50 powerhouses appeared in the chaos.
 Before Li Hao could attack, a sword light suddenly pierced through the sky.
 This sword attack came so suddenly.
 Even Li Hao could only vaguely see it. The next moment, one of the doppelgangers 'origins was directly cut into pieces. Someone among those people shouted in shock and anger,""The Li Daozong!"
 That's right, ninth master.
 At this moment, the ninth Division commander was clad in golden armor. His eyes were filled with killing intent as he looked at these people."Rebellion, kill!"
 Kill!
 A sword intent that Li Hao was familiar with instantly erupted.
 The ninth master had been keeping a low profile recently, but at this moment, he finally revealed the anger in his heart. He struck out with his sword. It was the Li family's lifeless sword intent, the sword coming out without a sound!
 They were both avatars of the origin, and they were both at the limits of what the world could accommodate. However, as the ninth master's sword will burst forth, he was able to suppress and even kill his opponent.
 The Golden-armored clone saw this and hollered,""Kill!"
 BOOM!
 He didn't use any combat techniques. With one punch, the sky collapsed and the earth cracked.
 "Who are you?" the ninth master's eyes were cold.
  This person's fist intent was unparalleled, he must be a top expert in the past. His true body was at least at the peak of the immortal realm, or even at the Saint level.
 There weren't many people like that in the small world.
 The Golden-armored avatar did not answer. Even now, they were unwilling to reveal their true identities.
 Jiang Li's eyes lit up and he shouted,""Join forces with these seniors and kill them!"
 BOOM!
 This time, with the addition of these origin source avatars, the Li Dynasty's side became several times stronger in an instant. The Silvermoon Martial Master, who had not been at a disadvantage in a one-on-one battle, was now being pushed back by them.
 Only a few people could barely fight.
 Yuan Shuo, Yao si, Hong Yitang, hou Xiaochen, and Tian Jian ...
 These people were barely able to deal with their opponents at this moment. They all used their full combat strength and roared angrily. Light spots appeared on their bodies, which was the sign of their aperture acupoints opening.
 These people had all opened many apertures.

 As for Yuan Shuo, he did not put aside his research while opening his aperture. Suddenly, he punched out, and a cage appeared between heaven and earth, trapping an origin realm expert's clone within.
 In the next moment, Yuan Shuo threw out hundreds of punches like a mad demon. Each punch broke through the void, and with a loud boom, the trapped expert exploded on the spot!
 "All of you, come and die!" Yuan Shuo roared.
 As soon as he finished speaking, three origin avatars appeared instantly. Yuan Shuo was not afraid at all as he raised his fist and attacked!
 As for Li Hao, seeing dozens of experts charge into the battlefield, he frowned slightly and looked around with his sword eyes. He was a little confused. Was the king of Dali ... Really not nearby?
 It was too strange!
 He had been waiting for this guy.
 But at this moment, there were still too few Silver Moon martial masters. Seeing that he was no match for them, Li Hao bellowed,""Come out and kill them!"
 In an instant, 20 puppet masters appeared in the air.
 They were all students of Yuanping martial arts university.
  When these people appeared, they didn't say much. Some laughed, some roared and joined the battlefield.
 BOOM!
 Hundreds of experts from both sides instantly collided with each other. They fought and roared.
 ,m BOOM!  A priest was blown to pieces by Nan Quan. Nan Quan laughed and flew toward an origin realm expert, roaring,""I'll also try the power of an origin realm expert!"
 Just as he charged forward, a moment later, with a fierce roar, Southern Fist was sent flying backward, and a large amount of blood spurted out.
 The southern Fist ... Was no match for the origin.
 At this moment, a divine rune suddenly appeared in the sky. It was like a life star, and a strong life force rushed toward Nan Quan.
 Li Hao raised one hand to the sky, as if he was bathing in the long River of Life.
 Streams of life force gushed into the experts 'bodies. He looked around and said,""Kill as many as you want. If there are only these people ... Today, I'll kill them all. None of them can escape!"
 On the other side, Jiang Li's expression changed. He looked at Li Hao and said in a low voice,""Good move! I'm curious to see how far Governor li has cultivated. I've never heard of such a technique!"
 Li Hao was even more powerful than expected.
 As he fought with him, he held the special Holy prose in his hand and instilled a large amount of life force into it, controlling the entire battlefield.
 Jiang Li believed that he had reached the limit of what the world could accommodate.
 But Li Hao ... Seemed to have broken this limit.
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He held his sword with one hand and no longer cared about the king of Dali.
 He won't appear?
 Alright then ... I'll kill these people!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was confident that Yang Yan would be able to defend the Heavenly Star governor's office against the invasion of the four continents. At this moment, many aperture acupoints and Dao meridians appeared on his body. In the blink of an eye, he had more than 250 aperture acupoints.
 Nine divine power Dao meridians appeared.  Since the other party isn't going to show up ... I'll just slaughter these people. I'll see if you'll feel the heartache then. These fellows aren't weak at all.
 If it weren't for the sake of training his troops ... Li Hao would have already gone straight to the root!
 "Kill!"
 Sword intent emerged. It was a powerful sword intent that was even stronger than the one displayed by the ninth master!
 He charged at Jiang Li with his sword!
 At this moment, Jiang Li was a little shocked, a little disappointed, and a little ... Helpless.
 The king had said that he had some tricks up his sleeve that he did not need to use.
 He just had to feign defeat!
 But ... Your Majesty, you've underestimated Li Hao. If he doesn't use it, forget feigning defeat, even if all of us charge in, we might not be able to escape.
 Li Hao was even more powerful than he had imagined.
 This was something that no one had expected!
 They all thought that Li Hao's combat ability was at the limit of the world, at most eight or nine elements. But in fact, it was far beyond that.
 Jiang Li didn't dare to delay any longer.
 He shouted and mumbled something. All of a sudden, a white bone appeared in his hand. That white bone was crystal clear. The experts nearby were all startled."Beginner martial white jade bone!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the white bone melted into Jiang Li's body like a ball of Mercury.
 Jiang Li's aura soared instantly, and spatial cracks appeared around him, but they soon disappeared. Jiang Li was surprised, but Li Hao was very calm."Use it all you want. With me here, the spatial Rift is nothing!"
 He waved his hand, and a few divine runes disappeared and covered the sky. He smiled."I also want to see what the Li Dynasty is relying on. I also want to see if this beginner martial stage powerhouse is really alive and how much power he can borrow from you!"
 "Just fight with all you've got!"
 Jiang Li's expression changed drastically. At this moment, his aura was extremely powerful, but there were no void cracks cutting at him.
  This Li Hao ... How did he do it?
 Furthermore, this fellow was ridiculously strong and arrogant.
 He didn't say anything more and shouted in a low voice,""Kill!"
 At this moment, it was no longer an elemental god art, but a punch. A powerful shadow appeared behind him. It seemed to be a beginner martial artist. The aura from the chaos made many people around him feel suffocated.
 The ninth Division commander's expression changed as well. He growled,""That's the bone of a beginner martial artist, the bone of a living beginner martial artist ... Be careful!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. The power of his apertures erupted.
 A powerful force emerged, and a large amount of special energy of the bright star sector appeared and surrounded his fist. He also punched out!
 BOOM!
 The air exploded. With a crack, Li Hao's fist actually exploded, and a drop of blood spurted out. Jiang Li's fist, on the other hand, seemed to be crystal clear and not too damaged.
 Li Hao took a few steps back.

