fileno%d
Li Hao, turn around and run back to Silver Moon, what will happen to them?"
 Yao si looked at him."Don't make your goal too high. You make yourself sound like a Saint ... You're not, and neither am I. But at least I won't implicate others!"
 "Li Hao, how many people have you implicated along the way? Hong Yitang went from a top-tier Martial Master to a God-tier super. This is a nightmare for martial masters ..."
 Li Hao snorted,"becoming a superhuman is a nightmare?" That Yao division's ability to withstand is really small. Such a Martial Master is not worth it!"
 "Ha!"
 Yao si laughed,"such big words!" Or do you think that you're stronger than me just because you killed Hu Xiao? It was an accident that you killed Hu Xiao, and it was also the reason why I kept him busy. You didn't really think that you could kill Hu Xiao so easily, did you?"
 Li Hao looked at him. After a long while, he said,"so, the reason why the Yao tribe has been refusing to agree is that I'm too weak. Secondly, they think that I can't match the nine divisions and the royal family. Thirdly, they think that my potential has been exhausted after I became a superpower?"
 Yao si didn't reply.
 There were these reasons.
 He couldn't let the night patrolman follow Li Hao into the abyss.
  Li Hao was bound to lose!
 Yes, he wasn't acting on impulse, nor was it because Li Hao wanted to seize power. It didn't matter. The real key was that Li Hao couldn't bring hope to everyone. Without hope, there was only despair.
 He had to be responsible for the night patrollers.
 It was absolutely unacceptable for people like Xiao Ye to blindly worship Li Hao. Something big would happen sooner or later.
 He was not the only one. Hou Xiaochen and the others did not care too much either. They knew that Li Hao would be digging his own grave by doing this, so Silver Moon did not encourage or object to it. He simply let nature take its course.
 Li Hao smiled. He knew.
 Therefore, he was well-prepared for this trip.
 Not only that, Silver Moon did not have high hopes for him either. Deputy Director Zhou's previous words were proof of that.
 "Yao tribe, if I can defeat you, does that mean anything?"
 Yao si smiled,"so what if you defeat me?" Do you think there are no more people stronger than me? I'm not weak and I know that if I don't unseal it, I'm only slightly stronger than an unstable god art. If I unseal it a little, I'll probably be comparable to a stable god art. If I unseal it a little more ... A top two god art might not be my match. If I break the Super Lock, I'm not afraid of three God Arts!"
 "But ... What about it?"
 "Do you know what kind of people will appear after the second recovery?" he laughed at himself.
 "I know!"
 Li Hao said calmly,"tearing the void and traveling thousands of miles is the peak!" There might be other powerhouses above the peak ... So what?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "So what?"
  Yao si smiled,"since you already know, why are you so confident? is it because of heaven battling city?" Li Hao, you don't really think that heaven battling city can support you, do you? Heaven battling city can't even protect itself!"  "No, I've never thought of relying on others. From the beginning until now, the only person I've relied on was my master once ... After that, I've been saving myself, protecting myself, and becoming stronger!"
 He looked at Yao si,"including the last time, even if you didn't come, I wouldn't be afraid!" Although the nine divisions were strong, so what? If there was no one else, I would have escaped after killing Hu Xiao. I would have come back and killed again, becoming an assassin in the dark. It's still not certain who is afraid of who!"
 Li Hao looked at Yao si."When you all came to my aid that day, you all gave me a chance to fight head-on. It's not like I'm just going to be slaughtered without you all!"
 "Then is it wrong for us to take action?" Yao si coldly looked at him.
 "That's not the case!"
 Li Hao looked at him,"that can only mean that the Yao division's blood hasn't turned cold yet!" You didn't attack for me, Li Hao, but for the world!"
 "What a joke!"
 Yao si snorted coldly, his eyes unfriendly: "Get out!"
 He didn't want to talk to Li Hao anymore. He was too arrogant.
 He didn't like the Li Hao of today.
 Arrogant and conceited!
 Due to their last victory, Li Hao had become a little arrogant. He had even forgotten that they had not won all of their battles. If not for the imperial family's restraint, many of Silver moon's members would have died.
 p Li Hao looked at him."I know what Yao bu is thinking. He thinks that I, Li Hao, am already arrogant and ignorant ..."  "It's good that you know!"
  Yao si frowned."Young people can be confident, but they can't be arrogant. How vast is the world that you've seen? how dare you be so arrogant?"
 "The world I've seen should be wider than the Yao tribe 's!"
 “……”
 Yao Si was a little angry. He put down the tea jar and looked at Li Hao with a cold gaze. He was really uncomfortable with Li Hao's behavior.
 Li Hao was unusually calm,'I've seen my ancestor break the firmament with a sword! I've seen the human King kill the celestial Emperor! I've seen venerable sovereigns fight against the heavens! I've seen many, many things, I've probably seen much more than the Yao tribe, and much stronger!"
 "I've seen the destruction of the universe, I've seen the destruction of the universe, I've seen too many ... The strong are too strong, the human King is bloodthirsty, he will kill all those who don't submit ... Yao tribe, do you think the world I've seen is vast?"
 Yao SI's expression changed slightly as he looked at Li Hao.
 After a long time, he slowly said,"I didn't expect it, but ... Since you've seen it, why are you still so arrogant?" Li Hao, what are you thinking?"
 "I'm thinking ... There's an end to everything. No one is willing to be the end, so let me be! If you, Yao si, are not willing, then I'll stand out, why not?"
 "Do you think that just because you have more experience, you can ignore danger, threats and everything else?" Yao si said coldly.

 "No, I'm knowledgeable and strong. In this world, except for those who can't get out, who can rival me, Li Hao?"
 "Savage!"
 Yao Si was furious,"do you know how strong the old Secretary of the nine divisions is?" Do you know how strong the heavenly astral King is? Do you know how strong Ying Hongyue is? You don't know anything and you dare to say you're invincible?"
 Who dared to say that they were invincible in the world today?
 Even Ying Hongyue didn't dare to!
 You, Li Hao, have you had too much to drink? you dare say you're invincible?
 Li Hao smiled.
 With a wave of his hand, a mirror appeared and covered the surroundings, instantly covering the other party. Yao Si was startled, but he didn't move. He only coldly looked at Li Hao: "What do you want? You're forcing me to give up my position to you? You're thinking too much! Li Hao, I'll let you know what a real top-tier Martial Master is like even if I have to break the Super Lock!"
 "Since the Minister isn't convinced ... Then Li Hao ... Will use his strength to convince him. Nothing is more convincing than martial strength. You martial masters always look down on the heroes of the world!"
 Li Hao sneered.
  In the next moment, to Yao SI's surprise, wind and thunder appeared in his left hand, while fire and water divine text appeared in his right.
 The four Sacred Arts instantly fused into one.
 Sword intent emerged!
 Lifeless sword intent!
 The starry sky sword slashed down, and four types of energy exploded. BOOM!
 Yao si waved his fist, his face full of shock!
 BOOM!
 A loud bang erupted. With a loud bang, Yao Si was sent flying and a mouthful of blood spurted out. The next moment, he touched his throat and found a bloody wound on it. Blood kept flowing out.
 Water, fire, wind, and lightning exploded in his body, and his five internal organs were severely injured.
 "Pfft!"
 Blood spurted out of his mouth. He looked at Li Hao. At this moment, the broken wall of the room trembled violently. Even the mirror shards that could be blocked by the rising light's metamorphosis were shaking.
 He didn't care. He just looked at Li Hao in shock.
 After a long time, he vomited blood and said with difficulty,""Four ... Magical powers!"
 "Why ... Why ... I don't sense any ... Fluctuations of water and fire ..."
 He coughed again, spitting out blood mixed with fragments of his internal organs.
 Li Hao casually waved out some sword energy that entered Yao SI's body.
 He looked at Yao si,"why must there be fluctuations?."
 "You ... Can still use sword intent ..." He said.
 Yao si looked at him, still somewhat crazy: "Why?"
 "Why?"
 Li Hao laughed."The mysterious power is born from the superpower lock. The superpower lock is also my own power. I can use my own power to display my sword intent. What's wrong with that?" Who said that superpowers were weak? Who said that supernatural powers were foreign? Who said that I, Li Hao, can't absorb superpowers and use them for my own use? Neo martial arts can open up the Path of Neo martial arts. Why can't I, Li Hao, take a step further?"
 “……”
 Yao si fell silent. He climbed up with difficulty, coughed a few times, and looked at Li Hao.
 At this moment, he did not know what to say.
 He had not been unsealed just now, but he still had the power of a God. Yet, he was almost killed by Li Hao's sword ... No, if Li Hao had not shown mercy, he would have been killed!
 He knew that even if he completely unsealed himself or even broke the Super Lock, he might not be Li Hao's match.
  Four types of god art power!  He laughed bitterly.
 Li Hao said,"who in the world can rival him?"
 He said that many people could suppress Li Hao even if they unsealed themselves!
 But Li Hao had given him a hard blow.
 Martial strength was not the only thing.
 What shocked him even more was that Li Hao had taken a different path.
 He ... Had received superpower!
 This ... Was perhaps the only person in the world who could do it. He couldn't believe it. He couldn't believe it.
 "This ... Your teacher ... Gave you some pointers?"
 "No, teacher doesn't know. Of course, teacher provided me with a lot of ideas, and there were also many people in heaven battling city who provided me with a lot of ideas. I just followed my own ideas and made some attempts, and the facts proved that ... My attempts were very successful!"
 Li Hao looked at him,"commander Yao, have I, Li Hao, been crippled?" I've only been practicing martial arts for three years! I've only been a Martial Master for four months. Do I, Li Hao ... Have the right to stand side by side with Ying Hongyue and the others?"
 Yao Si was silent.
 Did I?
 Of course!
 He did not say anything. Just by absorbing the supernatural power into his body and retracting it without any fluctuations ... He was simply shocked.
 What a terrifying fellow!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com An invincible genius!
 If old antique didn't come out, how many people in the world could rival four-element divine abilities?
 The one from the Division of Administration?
 Or the one from the military law Department?
 Or was it the heavenly astral King?
 Or Ying Hongyue?
 In any case, Li Hao wasn't invincible today, and there weren't many people in the modern world who could match him.
 He had the right to be arrogant!
 Those with strength and talent were not arrogant, but confident.
  Yao si took a deep breath, after a long time, he slowly said: "You're the only one who can do this, or ... Can this path be passed through?"
 "I should be able to use both, but I have just seen the road ahead. I don't recommend learning immediately ... I don't know what the future will be like, so I can only take one step at a time. But at least ... I've made it!"
 Yes, you've walked out.
 Yao si revealed a bitter expression.
 As a top-notch Martial Master, he had seen too many things, and he had also suffered a blow.
 He wasn't completely convinced by pure martial strength, but what about Li Hao, who had opened a new Dao?
 Was this considered a new path?
 He didn't know that only a path that everyone could take was a path. Otherwise, it would be a special case.
 At this moment, his heart was in a mess.
 Li Hao said again,"Yao, as long as you dare, you will achieve it!" I think ... To lead the night patrollers, I would need the support of the Yao tribe!"

 Yao Si was silent for a moment before suddenly sighing,""Promise me ... That you won't lead everyone to their deaths unless you're 100% confident ..."
 "I can't agree! 100% confidence is a myth. Everything is about fighting and working hard to increase the chances of success. You can't plan from the beginning and think about 100% confidence ... That's just empty talk!"
 Yao Si was stunned.
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"don't say such unrealistic things, commander Yao. Besides, you all know that it's dangerous to follow me. I won't force you. You can do it willingly!" 'Fighting for myself, fighting for everyone, fighting for my descendants, fighting for my family, fighting for my friends ... Is it just for me?' If that's the case, if that's the case ... Then there's nothing great about being a Night Watcher!"
 "Or does Yao bu think that the name Heavenly Star King is very valuable? In my eyes, it's worthless! However, if no one can take the position and no one can do it well, I, Li Hao ... Am also willing to take the position! Who else but me!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Who else but me!
 Yao Si was slightly shocked, what a big tone!
 However, at this moment, his thoughts were completely different.
 After a moment of silence, he slowly said,"you ... What do you want me to do?"
  p "Night patrolman has joined the Heavenly Star military governor's office!"  Li Hao said in a deep voice,"I want to start another division!" There was no special name. It was just the star military governor's office, which would be the actual tenth division! The Yao Department is still the head of the night patrolmen, but ... The primary and secondary positions have changed. The night patrolmen have become a subordinate organization of the Heavenly Star military governor!"
 Yao Si was extremely bitter.
 He looked at Li Hao and suddenly said,"you're not afraid ... That I'll leak it?"
 "I'm not afraid!"
 Li Hao said proudly, will the Li Hao You see today still be the same tomorrow? Was the Li Hao from a few days ago still the Li Hao of today? How could the Li Hao of four months ago be compared to the Li Hao of today? There are always people who like to look at me with the same old eyes ... By the time they see me clearly, they would already be dead!"
 "Are these people my targets? No, I want to clean up all those who don't listen! Ancient Fey plants, ancient Fey beasts, and even ancient powerhouses! Someone told me that the powerhouses left behind are either deserters or on missions. If they still remember their original intentions, they won't go against me, Li Hao. If they do ... They'll all be swept into the trash!"
 He looked up at the sky."The people of the present may not be as good as the people of the past. If they can do it, so can we!" What would the recovery of the ancient civilization bring? Why didn't he want to surpass it? even if it was very difficult ... Was it necessary that he didn't want to do it? Everything is a new beginning...Why do the nine divisions and the royal family only want to follow the path of the ancient people and become the king of the human race who doesn't live up to his name?"  Yao si didn't reply.
 After a long while, he exhaled deeply."He has a big heart and great ambition ... But ..."
 "No buts!"
 Li Hao shook his head."When you said 'but','but','maybe'... When you said these words, you hesitated. You hesitated!" A Martial Master should not be like this! A Martial Master cultivates his heart, and his Dao is where his heart is!"
 Yao si felt even more bitter. He had been taught another lesson by this grandson!
 I'm the top martial Master!
  He let out a long breath and nodded,"alright!" I can promise you ... As for the inspection Office ..."
 "If we can't reach an agreement, then we'll just ignore it. If the inspection Office dares to find trouble with us, I'll kill them and shock the nine divisions!"
 “……”
 He was completely speechless.
 At this moment, Yao si didn't say anything else. He bitterly laughed,""Give me a little more sword energy. My internal injuries haven't recovered yet. You're too heavy-handed."
 "If you can't convince people with reason, then convince them with force! It's better to be polite than to use force,"
 Li Hao released some sword energy and threw out a few drops of the spring of life, which Yao si accepted.
 At this moment, she didn't want to say anything.
 After lying low for so many years, he had been slapped in the face twice by a young man ... He would not say anything next time, or he would be slapped again.

 Yao si chose to give in.
 Li Hao was too strong.
 Of course, this wasn't the main point. The main point was that when Li Hao's sword had severely injured him, his calm heart had become somewhat restless.
 There were many people who were stronger than him.
 Otherwise, he would have been restless long ago.
 However, he had never yielded to those people. Sometimes, he wouldn't yield simply because he was strong. The key was that what Li Hao wanted to do was what he wanted to do.
 At this moment, Yao Si was also thinking.
 He was thinking about many things.
 Li Hao had taken a different path. He had actually fused four types of divine powers, especially the water and fire divine powers. They were different because they were completely concealed and used for his own use.
 The external power of wind and thunder and the internal power of water and fire coexisted in harmony. Li Hao's body was in a completely different situation.
  He could still use the sword intent of a Martial Master.
 Was this the fusion of Martial Master and superpower?
 It was simply unbelievable!
 It was that simple?
 The problem that had troubled everyone for 20 years had been solved by Li Hao in just a few months?
 Yao Si was actually still at a loss.
 Of course, Li Hao had seen too much. The secret arts of Star Town City had inspired him greatly. In addition, Yuan Shuo, the most talented person in the world, was his teacher. Yuan Shuo had taught him everything he knew. The things that Li Hao knew were things that most people would never know in their entire lives.
 He had a broad vision!
 However, sometimes, it also depended on courage and luck. Not everyone dared to do this, to try this.
 Whether it was the martial masters or superpowers of the new era, they all lacked such courage. Even if they did, they were only in the minority.
 Yao si absorbed the sword energy and recovered from his injuries.
 As he experienced that feeling, he suddenly said,""Your divine ability doesn't seem to be just an attack of mysterious energy. There's also something else attached to it."
 Li Hao nodded.
 Of course!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Momentum, divine intent, blood and Qi were all fused together. In addition to the fusion of vitality, it could be said that this power was a complete fusion of powers. Of course, it was not just a simple mysterious attack.
 "Is it a heavy burden on your body?"
 Yao si asked again.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and shook his head."As long as I don't use it, the burden isn't too great, and the energy can almost be completely contained. However, if I use it, I'm at my current limit, similar to the Martial Master Seal. However ... I can use it at any time!"
 In other words, even if he had seven Sacred Arts, he could still withstand it, but he could only use four Sacred Arts at most.
 It wasn't that you couldn't use the ones that were stronger than you, as long as you weren't afraid of death and your body could withstand such a powerful explosive force.
 Yao si slightly frowned,"then isn't this the same as the Martial Master Seal?."
  "Of course it's different!" Li Hao laughed.  The gap was too big!
 "The power of the Martial Master Seal can only be unsealed by breaking the superpower lock. Once it's broken, I'll lose control of my power for a short time and accept a large amount of external power. However, my divine power will still be my divine power. It will always be mine even if I don't use it!"
 "In other words, firstly, the power is completely under my control."
 "Second, I can use and control it at will, but a Martial Master breaking the Super Lock is passive and uncontrollable."
 "Third, my outburst, other than the instant I burst out, is gentle and even nourishing. It's not the impact of a Martial Master unsealing."
 "Fourth ... The upper limit is even higher. A Martial Master can only unlock the current saturated superpower lock, but a divine ability is not. It's limited to the number of superpower locks you discover."
 Yao Si was deep in thought.
 From this, it was indeed very impressive.
 He didn't ask why Li Hao's wind and thunder attributes didn't transform into that kind of power.
 Was there a problem, or was there something else?
 What about the four limbs that had no attributes?
 The four-limb superpower lock was a type of attribute-less energy. Currently, it seemed that the attribute-less energy in Li Hao's body was in a state of disorder.
 The two powers of water and fire seemed to have been fused into Shi.
 Was it related to Shi?
 Yao si quickly noticed something and made a general guess. He then thought of Li Hao's Five Forces, and martial masters like them mostly only had one force. Whether Li Hao's path was universal or not, it was still hard to say.
 Of course, no matter what, he was already very satisfied.
 He took a deep breath and said,"open the seal. Your mirror fragment ..."
 "From the Duke dingguo's mansion."
 Yao si slightly nodded: "I know, but this mirror should be a whole mirror. I should have seen such a fragment before. The palace has it, the nine divisions ..... Most probably also have it!"
 "Not only that, the three great organizations and even some of the seven great divine mountains have them."
  Li Hao was dazed. He had guessed that there was one in the palace.
 Everyone had one?
 Was this thing so common?
 "This mirror should be a top-grade divine weapon treasure. It was broken later on. Everyone should have some of it in their collection."
 "Unseal it," he said."Otherwise, it'll attract attention if we stay here for too long."
 Li Hao smiled and opened the seal on the mirror.
 Actually, with Yao SI's strength, he could completely destroy it.
 This thing could block the light of dawn, but not divine-tier ones.
 Li Hao was also curious. He asked,""Minister Yao, how many locks have you saturated?"
 Yao si laughed,"let's put it this way, when you reach the 9th Meridian, you will be able to Battle God art!" You're slightly stronger than normal two element God Arts, roughly at Hu Xiao's level. After you've saturated 11, you're almost at my level. "

 11 lines?
 "Huh?" Li Hao raised his eyebrows."So, under normal circumstances, you have the ability to fight three types of divine abilities?"
 "I don't have that. Hu Xiao isn't really a dual-element Paragon. Under normal circumstances, I should be considered one of the best among the dual-element paragons ..."
 11 superpower locks full!
 Li Hao was still somewhat shocked.
 The four limbs and five internal organs were the foundation.
 In that case, Yao si had also saturated the other two super locks?
 Where's hou Xiaochen?
 Last time, hou Xiaochen had easily killed two sacred art experts. That meant that he had at least 10 Sacred Arts.
 Hong Yitang probably had one too.
  Of course, Hong Yitang might only have 9 or 10 meridians at the start, but after his five internal organs completed their circulation, his strength might have increased a bit. In terms of original strength, he might not be able to compare to Yao si and hou Xiaochen.
 Li Hao quickly made a judgment.
 In other words, there was a huge gap between the top martial masters.
 For example, Yao si had a total of 11.
 For example, the southern Fist had only saturated 5 veins before, but now it should be between 7 and 8 veins.
 Li Hao did some calculations again. He was starting to reach saturation, and most of them had the strength of sunguang.
 The first four limbs did not have much of an increase. When the fifth lock was saturated, he would be able to unseal his combat power. When unsealed, he could even fight peak-stage metamorphosed humans.
 However, under normal circumstances, he could only fight Xuguang.
 Only nine of them could fight against a god art.
 However, the further he went, the more difficult it became.
 This was because the number of super locks that could be discovered was limited.
 As the two of them were talking, Xiao Ye entered the room anxiously. When she saw the two of them sitting down, she heaved a sigh of relief and said awkwardly,""That ... I couldn't come in just now. I'm sorry, Minister. Please continue!"
 She suddenly felt that there was no movement inside and thought that something had happened. In the end, she pushed the door open and entered, but it did not open.
 However, when he was leaving, he saw that the Minister's table was broken.
 A fight?
 He didn't hear any sound!
 Strange!
 Of course, she didn't dare to ask any more questions and quickly closed the door.
 Yao si smiled. Seeing that Li Hao was on guard, he smiled and said,""Don't look at it anymore. It's just pure admiration. When you killed those nobles that day, you attracted the attention and infatuation of many people."
 Li Hao was stunned. Worship?
 After a while, he laughed,"it feels good!"  No wonder he always felt that this Xiao Ye was overly enthusiastic and even suspected that she was a spy. After Yao SI's words, he suddenly understood and laughed.
 Yao si couldn't be bothered to explain. He glanced at Li Hao and muttered to himself,""Are you really going to start the tenth division?"
 "Minister, you think I'm joking?"
 "Not really ... I just feel that we should make more preparations."
 He looked at Li Hao."From the looks of it, even if you have the strength of four divine abilities, opening the tenth division ... Even if the royal family doesn't care, the one in the division of administrative affairs might not sit by and do nothing. He and the one in the military law Department are both top experts!" He might have three or even four elements. "
 He looked at Li Hao and said, among the nine divisions, there are only three top-tier experts! Division of Administration, military law Division, and Inspection Division. "
 As for the other six divisions, they were all slightly inferior.
 Therefore, from the very beginning, these three divisions had been competing for power.
 "Fourth, maybe the old Secretary of the financial division. That old man is also very powerful, but a lot more tactful. Maybe he has money and wealth, more like a businessman." He said.
 He had stayed in stellarsky city for many years, and had even dealt with those secretaries a few years ago, so he knew them relatively well.
 "The old Secretary of the Division of Administration is very powerful, and his son is not weak either. They are all the same. A powerful father will raise a powerful child!"
 Li Hao fell into deep thought. He had never had any dealings with the division Chief.
 "That still needs to be established! At worst, we'll just have a fight!"
 Seeing his insistence, Yao si didn't try to persuade him, only reminding him,""Then you have to be careful of them. As for me, even if I am unsealed, I can only fight with the secretaries of the other divisions."
 "There are still three major organizations. Be careful of them causing trouble."
 "The other thing is the superpower City. I killed that woman last time. Be careful of the superpower city's revenge."
 "What's the background of SuperPower City?"
 Li Hao was confused."It's said that the nine divisions, the royal family, and the sacred mountain all have forces stationed there. The city of superpowers is located in the central region. At its peak, it even had more than a million superpowers. The nine divisions just let such a powerful force stay in the central region?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was curious about the city of superpower.
 In the past, he had thought that it was established by the ninth Division, but after looking at the information, he didn't think so.
  The fact that the other party could even name the divine power realm was already very impressive.
 It meant that they were not afraid of the dissatisfaction of Jiusi.
 "SuperPower City ..."
 Yao si, on the other hand, understood. After thinking for a while, he said,""The city of superpower is a little complicated. It was just a small scale at the start, but after a few powerhouses moved in, the city expanded. The initial founders were nothing but the key was that after a group of people moved in, the status and structure of the city changed. "
 He looked at Li Hao, thought for a moment, and said,""Do you know about the ancient families?"
 Li Hao was stunned. He suddenly thought of something.
 Back then, the Python had said that he was an inheritor of an ancient family clan. There was nothing wrong with that. The Li family was definitely an ancient family clan.
 But after hearing Yao SI's words, Li Hao seemed to have understood something.""You mean to say ..."
 "Right!"
 Yao si nodded,"they are the same as the Silver City's eight great families. However, the eight great families weren't very famous in the beginning. It was only after they excavated some ancient books that everyone knew of their existence." And these ancient families might have been passed down from the ancient civilization, or they might have been excavated hundreds or thousands of years ago by someone who cultivated ancient martial arts secret techniques and passed them down from generation to generation. "

 "They were the ones who built the superpower City. The nine divisions and the royal family moved into the city. The three major organizations and the seven sacred mountains also sent their people over ... That's how the city grew!"
 "Strictly speaking, Silver moon's the same."
 He looked at Li Hao."Some of the martial masters in Silver Moon are actually of this type. They've been passed down from generation to generation. However, Silver Moon martial masters are aggressive. Even if there were such families, they would be wiped out in a few years."
 He did not know whether to laugh or cry."Silver Moon actually has the foundation of an ancient family, but the battle between their Masters is too intense. Every new generation has to step over the bones of the older generation to rise. Tell me, what family can withstand such a struggle?"
 Silver Moon was the one who truly possessed the foundation for the survival and development of an ancient family.
 But ... Silver Moon really did not have one!
 Don't you think it's strange?
 However, those who knew Silver Moon felt that it was normal.
 The Silvermoon people were too easy to fight!
 Yuan Shuo was only one of the representatives. Generations of Silvermoon citizens were the same.
  From the weak to the strong, from ancient times to the present, they were all fighting!
 After I sweep the world, I'll return to Silver Moon and continue my internal strife. I won't stop until I become the number one expert in the world.
 Under such circumstances, how could the Silver Moon family have a powerful family?
 It was impossible for every generation to be powerful, and as long as one generation was weak, someone would immediately come to challenge them ... Unless one moved, there was no way one could resist.
 For example, the Liu family that Liu Long was from was also a martial arts family in the past. In the end, his father could not take the continuous challenges and his body broke out continuously, dying of illness.
 The ninth refinement had actually been passed down for many generations. In the end, when it came to Liu Long, wasn't he also unable to do anything while hiding in the Silver City?
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment, then burst into laughter.
 "Don't laugh!"
 Yao Si was also speechless."Your eight great families 'decline isn't without reason. In fact, from the information we've found, five generations ago, your eight great families also had martial masters ... En, later on, most of them were beaten to death, so the eight great families declined."
 Li Hao was stunned.
 Yao si also smiled bitterly,"don't doubt it, this is the truth!" The decline of the eight great families had a lot to do with the general atmosphere of the Silver Moon martial forest, otherwise, do you think the eight great families would be in such a miserable state? But there's one good thing about the Silver Moon martial arts world, that is, if they don't eliminate the roots, no matter how benevolent they are or how they follow the rules, once a family's Martial Master dies in battle, generally no one will eliminate the roots ... Otherwise, the eight great families might not even exist!"
 Li Hao was relieved!
 So that was how it was!
 It turned out that the eight great families still had their own experts, but after so many years of challenges from generation after generation of Silver Moon martial masters, it was impossible for them to last forever, so they eventually declined.
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't even know how to evaluate Silver Moon martial forest.
  However ... Perhaps this was the real Wulin!  "So, the ancient families in SuperPower City are just martial arts master families?"
 "Almost!"
 Yao si nodded,"after the rise of the supers, there were many martial masters in these families. Some martial masters advanced to the supers at the first moment and they soon occupied a place. However, these ancient families have their flaws. They are limited to family members, so they have fewer numbers but many experts ... After the supers became stronger, some supers decided to open the city of supers. They called many members of the ancient families to build the city of supers and wanted to occupy a place in the star dynasty."
 "I see!"
 Li Hao finally understood what he meant.
 "Then the heavenly eye cultivator we killed before ... Was a member of one of the families?"
 "I'm not too sure. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yao si laughed,"I have not been in charge for five years. I do not know much about the situation in SuperPower City. Their powerhouses rarely appear. I am not sure if they are the family's powerhouses. Perhaps they have been nurtured over the years ... But it does not matter."
 Li Hao nodded.
 Today's Yao Si was willing to tell him a lot of things.
 In the past, he probably wouldn't have bothered to pay attention to Li Hao.
 "Understood!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything.
 "Then when have you decided to open the manor?"
  Li Hao pondered for a moment."Soon ... But before that, I want to do something. On the day of the opening of the mansion, someone might cause trouble, so I want to check it out first."
 "What do you plan to do?"
 "Let out the news that I'm going to open a new faction. Minister Yao also let out the news that the night patrolmen are going to join ... Temporarily postpone the opening of the faction!"
 Thinking of this, he laughed,'be it the nine divisions or the three major organizations ... They might all want to kill me! By the way, didn't the Financial Secretary open a class 2 remains? These guys probably think that there are too many variables to kill me outside. Perhaps they want to lure me in and kill me. "
 That was a possibility.
 Li Hao touched his chin and thought, I would like to take this opportunity to get rid of some of them first! Take advantage of the fact that my strength hasn't been exposed and get rid of a group of people in the ruins ..."
 Now, Jiu si had not lured him in yet, but he wanted to lure Jiu si in to kill him first.
 Yao SI's expression changed slightly."The remains aren't appropriate. It's easy to cause big trouble. Jiusi has cooperated with some ancient demons ..."
 "I know!"
 Li Hao smiled."But it's not the time for recovery yet. Even if we work together, we'll at most use some Origin Energy to create a clone. It might have the power of three or even four or five elements, right?"

 "It's possible!"
 Li Hao smiled. At this moment, his divine will fluctuated."Senior little tree, if we're in the ruins, can this half of your clone deal with the clones of some ancient monster plants? the other party might have four or even five magical powers ..."
 In the storage ring, little tree was a little surprised, but he still sent out a mental message,""Whether it's four elements or five elements, if they haven't reached a stage of transformation, they all belong to your so-called divine power realm ... In the ancient martial era, that's below the peak ... I've cut half of the origin. I'm slightly weaker than the average peak, but stronger than those below the peak."
 Li Hao understood.
 In this case, what am I afraid of?
 As for whether the ancient Fey plants would cut out a large amount of their source, Li Hao felt that the probability was not high.
 The possibility was very small!
 These demon plants were all in a recovery period. They were not like little tree, who had put all his hopes on Li Hao's new demon plants.
 Perhaps ... He could really make a fortune and get rid of some enemies at the same time.
 Of course, he also had some thoughts. There was too much commotion outside. After entering the ruins, he might be able to condense a third or fourth divine power character.
  And in the ruins, the little tree could display its strength without fear.
 It was very dangerous in the outside world.
 After a while, Li Hao said,"that's it. We'll work together and spread the news. Ten days later, the night patrollers will join the Heavenly Star military governor. The Heavenly Star Martial Arts Academy will also open on that day. At the same time, they will join the Heavenly Star military governor ... Give Jiusi some time to prepare to kill me!"
 Yao SI's head hurt, this guy...Was really brave!
 He felt that it was better to keep a low profile.
 They didn't need to join in name. Wasn't it good to just join quietly?
 But Li Hao felt that it was not justified!
 He was not fighting for power. He just wanted to let more people know that he was fighting against the nine divisions, against the unfairness of the imperial family, and against the chaos.
 He and Yao si had different thoughts.
 Yao si and the others felt that they had to keep a low profile, slowly become King, and accumulate grain.
 However, this was not what Li Hao wanted.
 Yao si took a deep breath, and after a long time, he said: "It's up to you ... But there's one thing I have to make clear in advance. If anyone is unwilling to join the Heavenly Star military governor's office ... You have to let them go."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com ? "Of course!"
 Li Hao laughed."But I have to make one thing clear. These people can leave, but once they cause trouble, they'll also die!" "Also, I'll investigate those who have committed crimes in the past. I won't just ignore them and let bygones be bygones!"
 You're really ruthless!
 Yao si still nodded in agreement.
 At this point, the two of them had reached an agreement. Yao si then said: Then you ... If Jiusi really wants to lure you into the ruins and kill you, do you need me to go with him?"he asked.
 "No need!"
 Li Hao shook his head and said,"Minister Yao, you can just stay in the outside world!" Besides, Jiusi might not do that. It's just my guess. "
  He only had this intention.  What he didn't know was that this was also part of Jiu SI's plan. Jiu Si was still having a headache over how to lure Li Hao into the remains and find a way to kill him. What kind of treasure could lure Li Hao in?
 If Li Hao knew about this, he would probably be happy to tell them ... Let's not scheme against each other and just go in and fight!
 But at this moment, neither Li Hao nor the other party knew what Li Hao was thinking.
 "Then ... When will we announce this?"
 "Just a moment!"
 Li Hao's face was calm."Let's create facts and spread the news. The star military governor's office only has one duty: to clean up all disobedient and disobedient Extraordinaries!" All transcendents are under the jurisdiction of the Heavenly Star governor's office, including the imperial family of the nine divisions!"
 "Let the world see if I, Li Hao, dare to do it or not!" Li Hao said.
 He laughed and looked at Yao si: "with this move, Minister Yao will probably be called a lunatic by many people!"
 Go crazy with me!
 Yao Si was also speechless. Indeed, any normal person would feel that they were crazy.
 But ... Who asked me to be beaten up by this grandson?
 He didn't say much. After thinking for a while, he nodded.
 ……
 While everyone was still cursing Li Hao for lying,
 The residents of stellarsky city had just learned that Li Hao had gone to Jiusi Street.
 Just as hou Xiaochen was thinking about when Li Hao would be sent flying by Yao si ...
 A loud voice resounded in all directions.
 That was Yao SI's voice, extremely loud and dignified.
  "I'm Yao si, the head of the night patrol!"
 "The night watchmen were established to eliminate the chaos caused by the transcendents in the world. I'm getting older and my strength is not following my heart. With the likes of Huang Long fighting for power and profit, causing chaos in the world, the night watchmen are no longer able to eliminate the chaos in the world! I am deeply uneasy. With this in mind, I, Li Hao, the governor of the Heavenly Star military governor's office, am willing to accept the heavy responsibility of eliminating the chaos caused by the transcendents ..."
 "With this in mind, the Heavenly Star military governor's office will officially open in ten days. I, Yao, am willing to lead the night patrolmen to join the Heavenly Star military governor's office and work for Governor li! Assist the Heavenly Star Governor and complete the night patrolman's long-cherished wish!"
 "Ten days later, I will take up the post of the Deputy Governor of the Heavenly Star military governor's office and continue to lead the night patrols. I am willing to contribute my last bit of strength for the peace of the world!"
 ……
 The entire stellarsky city was shocked by his words.
 Hou Xiaochen's office.
 With a crack, hou Xiaochen crushed the cup in his hand. His face was filled with disbelief and shock.
 How was that possible?
 To be honest, people like Yao si were very difficult to deal with. He was a top-notch Martial Master and had his own thoughts, his own determination, and his own plans.

 He had thought that even if the two of them didn't fight, Li Hao wouldn't be able to easily convince the other.
 But ...
 At this moment, hou Xiaochen was truly shocked. He immediately stood up and muttered,"Yao si drank too much?"
 Chief Steward Yu was also extremely surprised, but he still hurriedly said,""Maybe he was convinced by Li Hao. After all, Li Hao did it for the public ..."
 How could it be that simple!
 How could an expert like Yao si simply yield and even submit to Li Hao for the sake of the public?
 ? Hou Xiaochen was extremely surprised. What had happened?
 ……
 At the inspection Office.
 When Yao si opened his mouth, the chief of the inspection Division appeared in the hall. When he heard the last sentence, he also smashed the table into pieces.
  His expression was a little unsightly.
 Even though he had supported Li Hao once before, the night patrolmen were a subordinate organization of the inspector Bureau and one of the current appearances of the inspector Bureau. In the end ... Yao si, Li Hao, and the others didn't even ask for the opinion of the inspector Bureau and directly made a decision.
 In the opening of the Heavenly Star military governor's office, the night patrolman, under the leadership of Yao si, directly joined the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Yao si became the Deputy Governor of the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Clearly, he regarded the Heavenly Star military governor's office as an organization on the same level as the inspection Division.
 There were no signs, no one informed the ninth Bureau, and no one even came to the inspection Office.
 "Bastard!" He gritted his teeth and growled.
 This is too much!
 This was too much!
 "Even if you want to do it, you should at least give a heads up in advance. You shouldn't be like this, directly announcing it and making it public.
 Why?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Was he trying to create an established fact?
 The headquarters of the inspection Office fell silent. The next moment, experts ran into the hall. Something had happened!
 This was even more serious than Li Hao's killing God art.
 The dynasty's only official superpower organization chose to leave the inspection Division and the nine divisions to join the star governor's office, which was against the nine divisions!
 ……
 The Imperial Palace.
 Some people were shocked for a moment with some disbelief. Yao si ... Had surrendered?
 How was that possible?
 "Investigate, go investigate. Why did Yao si make such a sudden decision? Li Hao just went to negotiate with him. Why did such a change happen?"
 "Yes!"
 Someone quickly went out to investigate.
 It wasn't just the Imperial Palace. Everyone, be it the nobles or the commoners, was stunned.
 At this moment, Li Hao's voice resounded in all directions.
 "The Heavenly Star military governor's office will officially open in ten days. I'm willing to join Minister Yao in protecting the dynasty, protecting the country, and protecting one side!"
 "In addition, the sky Star military governor's office is about to open the sky Star martial Academy. It's only open for ordinary people. It's temporarily set to recruit 3000 students, and the earth overturning sword and flood Hall will be the Academy's Dean!"
 "I'll invite experts from all over the world, such as the Silver Moon Martial Master, to join the sky Star martial Academy as an instructor. We'll build a martial Army and quell the unrest in the four directions!"
 "From today onwards, all transcendents in the central 22 provinces, including the Heavenly Star City, will be under the jurisdiction of the Heavenly Star military governor! Anyone who creates chaos and violates the law will be executed!"
 "Everyone, let's encourage him!"
 His voice shook and swept across the world.
  That young voice, however, left everyone dumbfounded.  Was this ... An official declaration of war?
 Or was it just to seize power?
 They didn't know, but they could feel the sudden surge of power. Countless people were shocked.
 The star military governor's office ... Was it really going to start a war with the nine Imperial families and the three great organizations?
 ……
 At this moment, many messages were sent out from the communication Jade in the stellarsky city.
 All the major forces were in turmoil.
 Central region.
 In a vast city, countless superpowers gathered.
 At this moment, a sudden clap of thunder came from the ground. Someone exclaimed in shock and then said in disbelief,""The demonic sword is going to open the Heavenly Star military governor's office in Heavenly Star City!"
 No one cared. Didn't they already have it?
 The next moment, everyone was shocked.
 "Night patrolman ... Fourth Minister Yao led the night patrolmen to join the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Li Hao said ... Said that from today onwards, all transcendents in the central region will be under the jurisdiction of the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Anyone who breaks the law will ... Will be executed!"
 BOOM!
 In an instant, the entire city was in an uproar. Someone sneered,""Who are you trying to scare?"
 Some people were afraid,'we won't stop here, right? This is SuperPower City with countless supers. He's not in charge of this place!"
 "Let's settle the three great organizations first!"
 "It's better to keep a low profile. That Li Hao killed so many god art experts ... Even chief Hu Xiao of the nine divisions was killed ..."
 “……”
 The entire city was in an uproar.
 This was the base camp of the superpowers.
 Countless superpowers gathered from all directions.
 But at this moment, Li Hao, a never-before-seen powerhouse, instantly became the core of the entire city. Everyone was talking about him.
 No matter what, no matter whether Li Hao had really done anything, he had already said it. It was bound to cause some turmoil.
 ……
 On this day, the news instantly spread.
 Silver Moon.
  White moon City.
 Director Zhao already knew what Li Hao was thinking, but he was still a little surprised.
 So fast?
 Yao si ... He knew him, but this old man chose to join so quickly ... This was too unexpected!
 Was it all due to old Zhou?
 But ... Old Zhou didn't say anything. He didn't reply to any messages. That shouldn't be the case.
 ……
 Red Moon headquarters.
 Ying Hongyue furrowed her brows slightly. After a long time, she said in a low voice,"How could it be!"
 Yao si wasn't the kind of person who would give up power easily, so how could this be?

 He knew what kind of person Li Hao was.
 If Li Hao said so, then it wouldn't be just for fun, or just a slogan. Perhaps ... He really was going to clean up the chaos among the transcendents and set a rule for the transcendents in the central continent!
 Didn't li Hao know the difficulty?
 Don't you know how dangerous it is?
 He knew!
 But ... He still did it.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, Ying Hongyue also frowned. This time, she really didn't understand. Was Li Hao too arrogant, or did he do this because he was confident?
 Where did he get the confidence?
 "Quickly gather all of the Crimson Moon's extraordinary powers and defend for the time being. Don't act rashly!"
 Ying Hongyue's voice spread out. She was a little puzzled and also a little serious.
  Ever since Li Hao left Silver Moon, he had completely lost control.
 This time, the change came too quickly.
 ……
 On this day, the entire area was shaking.
 Some people were disdainful, thinking that Li Hao was only dreaming. It was a joke to think that he could eliminate the chaos caused by the transcendents!
 Do you have the strength to set a rule for transcendents?
 The three major organizations, the seven divine mountains, the city of superpowers, the nine divisions ... Which one of them was to be trifled with?
 This guy, did he think he was invincible after killing some god art last time?
 Was he really not afraid of death?
 Can you really succeed in opening the manor in ten days?
 As for the Silver Moon martial masters who were roaming the world, they instantly felt a headache.
 This ... Should I go to stellarsky city again?
 It felt like a war was about to break out!
 Linjiang.
 Thunderbolt leg, who was playing with his child in a certain courtyard, was now gritting his teeth!
 "What the ... This generation's martial arts champion is so F * cking arrogant? So crazy?"
 The last time he went to fight, he was completely there to get beaten up.
 It's only been a few days and he's here again?
 I can't take it this time!
 Compared to this fellow, Yuan Shuo was simply a good old man. Yuan Shuo only sparred with martial masters, but he was not like Li Hao, who would start an all-out war at any moment!
 "Father ... Are we going to fight again?"
 A little girl asked curiously.
 Thunderbolt kick was extremely embarrassing.
 This time ... Your father, I, don't dare to go. If I go, I'm afraid that you'll become a child that no one wants.
 It was too dangerous!
 Li Hao had completely lost his mind ... Was the Silver Moon Martial Master going to continue this madness with him?
  In the previous battle, everyone had seen the difference. They might be very strong and could deal with Metamorphoses, but in a battle with divine abilities, they were clearly no match!  Thunderbolt kick hesitated.
 At this moment, he did not reply.
 ……
 At this moment, he was not the only one.
 Be it BA Dao, bei Quan, or even Tian Jian ... All of them hesitated.
 Li Hao, what are you trying to do?
 If this continues ... We might be killed by you!
 At the heavenly Sword villa.
 Dozens of martial masters gathered together, and someone shouted,""Villa Lord, we can't go to stellarsky city anymore ... If we're going to deal with the demonic sword this time, the major forces will definitely have full confidence ... If we go ... We might really not be able to come back!"
 "The demonic sword is too crazy! He's always so self-righteous!"
 “……”
 The crowd roared in anger. This was sending the Silver Moon Martial Master to his death.
 One battle after another, from the East to the central region, skysword had come to the rescue several times. Last time, he was already a little out of his mind. Was he going to continue paying for Li Hao's madness?
 Tian Jian was silent.
 No one knew what he was thinking. They only knew that Tian Jian seemed to be thinking about something as well.
 ……
 In the Imperial Palace.
 Nan Quan also sat there in a daze, suddenly feeling a chill all over his body.
 Li Hao ... You're a lunatic!
 Can't you give us some rest?
 Exchange for us?
 At this moment, he could feel the killing intent in the stellarsky city.
 Li Hao had gone completely crazy.
 Hong Yitang, aren't you going to do something?
 ……
  "Interesting!"
 Hong Yitang laughed. He looked at director Zhou and laughed,""Is it exciting?"
 “……”
 Director Zhou didn't say a word.
 It's just that ... I didn't expect it to happen so quickly. What exactly happened to Li Hao yesterday?
 Yao Si was actually so easily subdued. This shouldn't have happened, unless some unbelievable change had happened to Li Hao.
 Exciting, it was really exciting.
 Ten days later ... They've set it for such a long time, aren't they afraid that a long night would cause more trouble?
 Or did Li Hao do it on purpose?
 Countless thoughts entered director Zhou's mind, and he let out a sigh. Perhaps ... This was the reason why he left Silver Moon.

 If the heavens want a man to die, they must first make him mad!
 This sentence might be suitable for Li Hao at this moment.
 When Yao si added fuel to the fire and led the night patrollers to join in, everyone knew that this guy had gone completely crazy.
 Even if he had three or four elements, it wouldn't work!
 As a result, even the inspection Office, which had always been opinionated, would choose to turn against each other. If things went well, they would continue to remain neutral, but if things didn't go well, they might be the first to turn against each other.
 ……
 And on this day, the Wei Wu Army made their move.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The Wei Wu Army started a city-wide search.
 At the entrance of the Department of Internal Affairs.
 Liu Long led his troops over and shouted,""The Heavenly Star military governor's office is about to open. As per the governor's orders, we will capture the fugitive mu Xiaorong and bring her to justice! Mu Xiaorong's crimes aren't too serious, but he escaped from the night patrolmen's custody. Now that we hand mu Xiaorong over, we can still deal with her at will. After the governor's office opens, all escapees ... Will be dealt with with by the evil powers of the rebel army and killed without mercy!"
  At the door of the Internal Affairs Division.
 A group of experts from the Department of Internal Affairs walked out. Some of them had cold expressions, while others had ashen faces.
 "Do you want to die?"
 "You're the ones who are courting death!"Liu Long said fearlessly. If the Department of Internal Affairs dared to obstruct the investigation, they would be charged with covering up! The governor has ordered that if we can't bring mu Xiaorong to justice this time, your Department of Internal Affairs will be razed to the ground!"
 "Bastard!"
 Someone was furious!
 Is he crazy?
 Before Jiu si could go to Li Hao, Li Hao's men came to him.
 In an instant, the hundreds of Wei Wu Army soldiers outside the door unleashed their vitality. Black armor appeared and they were filled with killing intent.
 Liu Long's expression was calm as he looked at the person,""Can you represent the Internal Affairs Division? Or was he representing the royal family? Mu Xiaorong's crime doesn't warrant death. Let her surrender and there's still a chance. The Dean of the sky Star martial Academy has already arrived. Or does the Department of Internal Affairs think that the sky Star military governor's office can't take down the Department of Internal Affairs today?"
 In the midst of the conflict, a person walked out of the Internal Affairs Division.
 It was mu Xiaorong.
 At this moment, mu Xiaorong looked a little Haggard. She looked at them and sighed,""I'll go with you ... But ... Governor Li's actions ..."
 AI!
 He sighed and went completely crazy.
 Today, if she didn't leave with them, the Internal Affairs Division would probably have a conflict with Li Hao. Yao si, Li Hao, Hong Yitang, hou Xiaochen, and the light sword were all nearby. At this moment, countless people were secretly observing.
 The Heavenly Star military governor's office had yet to be officially opened, and capturing her for justice was clearly in preparation for the opening of the office.
 At this moment, the nine divisions had yet to make a decision. The division of internal affairs was actually the representative of the imperial family, but it also had its own independence. The imperial family might be trying to use the division of internal affairs to provoke a war between the nine divisions and Li Hao.
 But ... Mu Xiaorong knew that the Internal Affairs Division might really not be able to match the star military governor's office.
 So she walked out.
 Behind him, a fat man was silent.
 He didn't come out, but just stood in the distance and watched.
 His daughter had been arrested once again.
 Li Hao was going to kill the chicken to warn the monkeys!  As for the imperial family, they did not appear, nor did the nine divisions. This was because the division of internal affairs was the representative of the imperial family. However, the division of internal affairs was also one of the nine divisions, so their relationship was actually very complicated.
 "Capture him!"
 Liu Long shouted, and the Wei Wu Army quickly moved out. The shackles instantly bound mu Xiaorong. This action instantly caused a wave of turbulence in the aura. In the Internal Affairs Department, the fat Secretary clenched his fist and did not say a word!
 His daughter had been captured right in front of him.
 And ... They were shackled.
 Mu Xiaorong's departure last time was also the decision of the Department of Internal Affairs. After all, they had fallen out with each other. But who knew that in the end, they would tolerate Li Hao and allow him to gain a firm foothold in stellarsky city?
 The others who didn't run away were fine.
 Those who ran away were always wanted.
 He had thought that the matter was over and that Li Hao wouldn't pursue it anymore, but it turned out that he was wrong!
 "Father!"
 Beside him, a young man was gritting his teeth. They were mu Xiaorong's older brothers. Mu Xiaorong was the youngest daughter of the Secretary of internal affairs and also the most beloved daughter, but now ... She was arrested in front of the Secretary!
 "Let's go all out with them!"
 Someone gritted his teeth.
 The Secretary of internal affairs did not say anything.
 Perhaps, this was what others, or even Li Hao, wanted to see. He could vaguely sense that powerful auras were shaking everywhere.
 What was Li Hao trying to do?
 Do you have to force us to fight you to the death?
 He didn't say a word.
 Perhaps the royal family was also waiting for him to resist and provoke a war between the nine divisions and Li Hao, but ... He had worked for the royal family for many years, and the division of internal affairs was the representative of the royal family. The royal family ... Was becoming more and more sneaky.
 This was not a good sign!
 The star royal family should have stood up at this moment. Whether they supported Li Hao or the nine divisions ... They should not have done so.
 It's a good thing to watch the war between the nine divisions and Li Hao, but ... Don't forget that the division of internal affairs is your face. It's the only existence among the nine divisions that still stands on the side of the royal family.
 My daughter has been arrested, and you're not going to show up?
  The fat director didn't say a word and just looked on silently.
 Catch!
 His daughter didn't commit any serious crime. She had only escaped. Could Li Hao sentence her to death?
 Didn't li Hao claim to be righteous?
 Didn't they say that law enforcement was strict?
 His daughter would only be detained at most.
 Those who wanted to see him make a fool of himself, those who wanted him to stand up for them ... Just continue to watch!
 You're raising a Tiger to bring calamity upon yourselves ... Then just continue raising it!
 "Take him away!"
 Outside the door, Liu Long waited for a while, but there was no result. With a command, the crowd quickly retreated and disappeared with mu Xiaorong.

