fileno%d
o know that he had come prepared, while Li Hao had entered without any preparation.
 At this moment, the spring of life was flowing continuously from Li Hao's body, completely enveloping him. His originally weak body gradually began to strengthen. At the same time, there were some special things about his body.
 The heart!
 At this moment, Li Hao's heart wasn't just recovering. The Tiger was breathing in and out the energy of the second layer of space. Although it was slow, the effect was very good. Li Hao's heart was actually suffused with a faint golden color.
 Director Wang, who had been observing him, had his expression change. He stared at Li Hao.
 The greatest weakness of the current generation of humans was their physical bodies.
 A weak body was a problem that almost everyone would encounter, and the five internal organs were even more fragile. Although the seven elements were powerful, strictly speaking, they were not even as strong as some of the weaker cultivators in the past.
 Back then, perhaps even rank-5 and 6 martial artists had hearts that were stronger than the seven elements of today. This was unbelievable. The drawbacks of the humans of this generation were simply unimaginable.
 Therefore, neo martial artists looked down on the physical bodies of this generation of human race.
 Thus, when Li Hao asked the Managing Director if someone would possess a new-era human ... He almost laughed to death. Only a fool would do such a thing.
  Although Li Hao's body was strong, it was not as strong as the Golden body realm.
 The Golden body was the level eight of neo martial, which was the strength of the current five divine powers. Li Hao had been strengthening his body and absorbing countless spring of life and sword energy, but his body was still not as strong as a golden body.
 It was clear that things like the spring of life had very poor nourishing effects on his body.
 Li Hao didn't have a clear comparison, or he would have sensed it long ago.
 At this moment, as the Tiger devoured the energy, transported it, and transferred it into his heart, his heart was strengthened at an unbelievable speed. The effect was much better than that of any mysterious energy, spring of life, or sword energy.
 In his body, the Tiger seemed to be very excited as it roared continuously!
 Li Hao's refinement of the mirror caused a huge commotion. A fierce tiger hovered in the air, roaring in all directions. At this moment, Li Hao really looked like a tiger King that had just been released from its cage.
 At the side, Hong Yitang was a little confused as he continued to observe.
 The other Silver Moon martial masters also gathered around, staring at Li Hao.
 As for Yuan Shuo, he rolled his eyes. These guys ...
 He actually still had some of the older generation's thoughts. His own disciple was walking on a path that others couldn 'T. He was very pleased, but he didn't want others to see it before he succeeded.
 Seeing that everyone was looking at his disciple, he wasn't too happy. Just as he was about to say something, Hong Yitang took the initiative and said,""Brother Yuan is indeed a Grandmaster. Did Li Hao learn this technique from brother Yuan? Let's take a look and see how powerful it is ..."
 “……”
 Yuan Shuo was speechless.
 Is there any use in flattering me?
 In the next moment, he chose to remain silent. This silly disciple of his liked to disclose everything he had to the public, including the Holy prose.
 Now, he was cultivating in public. It was really ... Hard to say anything.
 He also sat down and watched silently.
 He had tried to absorb some energy before to strengthen his body, but his path was different from Li Hao 'S. He was trying to prove it now.
 After a long time, he frowned slightly.
 Why did Li Hao only use ferocious Tiger's power?
 He waited for a while, and when Li Hao stopped breathing, he said,""I've tried it before. The breathing technique of five birds has the best effect. Once it's used in the second space, the speed is extremely fast!"
 The effect of the five birds breathing technique was beyond Yuan Shuo's expectations. It could be used even in the second layer space.
 Li Hao opened his eyes, nodded, and smiled.""I know, but ... One force is not as good as many. I think that any secret technique that is suitable for modern cultivation should be able to do it. Perhaps one force and one technique is more suitable! The breathing technique of five birds is slightly outdated, and the fusion of the five Forces is too little ..."
 “……”
  Yuan Shuo remained silent.  He cursed in his heart!
 Was the fusion of the five Forces too little?
 You're floating!
 Li Hao laughed."Today, I've created seven forces. Teacher, do you think the seven forces can be combined?" It should be possible. I've memorized what teacher told me about the breathing technique of five birds. It's a type of fusion of the great momentum of heaven and earth. Heaven and earth have the five elements, heaven and earth have yin and yang, heaven and earth have wind, Thunder, light, and darkness ... In the end, heaven and earth are formed!"
 "Therefore, as long as I can find the connection points, I will be able to fuse them one by one sooner or later. The breathing technique of five birds and the fusion of five elements should have a crucial connection point, which is to break and reassemble ..."
 This point involved the "Yuan Ping Chronicles" again, and it was hard to say.
 At this moment, Li Hao had some enlightenment.
 He closed his eyes again and fell into his own world.
 It shattered and reassembled.
 It was just like the physical body.
 Five elements, five internal organs.
 The five internal organs represented the five elements, and it was a small cycle. The human body did not only have the five internal organs, but it also formed a human body. What did this mean?
 Wind, lightning, light, and darkness were also in his body.
 Perhaps, he could use a part of his body to replace all of this and substitute in all of this to form a big cycle.
 At this moment, Li Hao was filled with confidence.
 "I feel that perhaps ... I can walk faster than teacher.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The five elements and five Forces had already fallen behind.
 I want ten thousand moves, ten thousand swords, ten thousand momentum!
 At this moment, Li Hao wished that he could just cultivate in seclusion here. But in the end, he opened his eyes with some regret. It's a pity that I can't stay here forever.
 The damned imperial family and the nine divisions were working on a huge mine.
 If he did not do anything, once he activated the second revival in advance and produced a bunch of powerful monster plants, it would be very troublesome.
 Those damn bastards, always giving me trouble!
 Li Hao took a deep breath. Seeing that the wind and cloud treasure mirror was still disobedient, Li Hao instantly unleashed seven forces. With a loud boom, the starry sky sword violently struck the mirror, causing it to shake violently!
 A pincer attack!
  I'll let you eat!
 What you ate, spit it out.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The deafening sound continued. Under the attack from both the inside and the outside, the mirror trembled even more. After a long time, Li Hao dripped a drop of blood. It was golden blood!
 That's right, at this moment, a drop of golden blood flowed out of his heart.
 The broken mirror trembled slightly.
 The next moment, it absorbed the drop of blood.
 Gradually, the broken parts began to repair themselves. In the blink of an eye, the mirror disappeared and entered Li Hao's body. At the same time, the starry sky sword appeared. It was a little excited, and it instantly drilled into Li Hao's heart.
 Li Hao frowned and couldn't help but curse,""You came up when you saw a good one. People are realistic, but swords are even more realistic. No wonder you're called cheap!"
 Previously, this thing had refused to merge with him, but today, it had suddenly drilled into his heart. Li Hao would not believe that he did not sense anything. Had a spirit been born?

 Li Hao's body began to recover, and he felt that his heart was even stronger than before.
 The seven divine runes floated in the air and merged into his body.
 The "exterminate" character formed by the sword aura was instantly dispersed by Li Hao's touch. The sword aura had turned into the divine character only to wrap up the miscellaneous energy. Now that the wind and thunder had become an aura, there was no need for it for the time being.
 Now, he could be considered to have seven elements.
 As for whether he was stronger than before, Li Hao estimated that he was slightly stronger, but the difference was not big, because he had not yet completed the reorganization of his strength.
 Yes, Li Hao had some plans for the future.
 This was especially true for the second layer space. What came next might be an important point.
 A mirror instantly appeared.
 Li Hao thought of some ways to operate the mirror and frowned.""It can eat so much?"
 He then muttered to himself,"if it's so draining, I might as well just break it and feed it to the starry sky sword ..."
  The mirror shook slightly.
 He seemed to be begging for mercy.
 The starry sky sword could eat anything. It could eat even more than a Black Panther.
 The more powerful a divine weapon was, the more the starry sky sword liked it.
 Li Hao had also learned something. This mirror could indeed detect life force, but its range was limited. At the current stage, once it was activated, it could only radiate to the central region.
 Hence ... The strength that director Zhao displayed on the Billboard was 99% nonsense and fabricated.
 However, it was hard to imagine what would happen in the middle of the radiation zone.
 Of course, each time it was used, it would consume a lot of energy. Li Hao sensed that it was about ... Three million per use.
 The duration was about five minutes, and the relic had a shielding effect, making it difficult to emit radiation.
 Therefore, the heavenly astral King's strength detection was nonsense.
 Li Hao immediately frowned.
 The restrictions were huge, and the consumption was huge.
 Of course, as the energy of heaven and earth recovered, the consumption of wind and cloud would decrease, and the range of radiation would expand. The current consumption was high because of the lack of energy.
 But for Li Hao, it was still too much.
 Three million once.
 He could already condense 1000 drops of the spring of life. It was such a waste to just test the other party's strength.
 He studied it carefully and narrowed down the scope.
 However, even if the area was reduced, the consumption was huge. Every time it was activated, it would consume a lot of energy. Even if it was to investigate the person in front of him, like now, it would cost at least 500000 Yuan to investigate director Wang.
 Li Hao rolled his eyes.
 There was also a starting price.
 'F * ck, the divine weapons and dogs I raise are all edible. None of them don't cost money. Even the two puppets have to spend money every time they fight.'
 He had obtained quite a number of divine stones in the superpower City, or he would not have been able to afford the two puppets.
 For this battle, he had equipped each of the two puppets with about five million divine power stones.
 And the cost of maintaining it was about 100 thousand per minute.
 It was hard to say how much was left.
 All of them were crazily eating money!
  It was the same for the Black Panther, the starry sky sword, the mirror, the puppet, the heaven battling city, and the Silver Moon Martial Master ...  Li Hao sighed.
 It was too difficult for me!
 It was too difficult. They had obtained tens of millions of divine power stones when they took down the superpower City. However, how long could they last at this rate?
 Tens of millions!
 If they didn't take down the giant Mine, could Li Hao afford to support them?
 'Right, there are also troops, various warships, shields, space-sealing chains, earth-drilling shuttles ...
 Thinking of this, Li Hao's head almost exploded.
 "AI!"
 He sighed. Energy.
 The key was that there was not enough energy. There was no more energy in the world.
 However, the world itself contained energy. Back then, it was enough to support the absorption of so many experts. Where did the energy go now?
 Although it was still recovering ... The degree of recovery wasn't high. In that case, there must be a place in this world that contained a large amount of energy?
 When the sky changed, the energy disappeared instantly.
 Where did he go?
 Stargate?
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. Was it a Stargate?
 Or did he go somewhere else and was devoured by someone?
 Countless thoughts ran through Li Hao's mind. At this moment, he only knew one thing. Without any income, he couldn't rely on killing people. If he didn't take down the star Mine, all the people, all the weapons, and all the resurrected existences would probably stagnate.
 Without the support of a big mine, it was useless.
 "Have you finished counting?"
 Li Hao looked at director Zhou. He was in charge of all this.
 Director Zhou nodded."I've finished counting. The harvest is average. There are more than 1000 drops of spring of life, about 5 million divine energy stones, and quite a number of divine weapons. There are more than 40 of them, and their levels are not low. In addition, there are 8 monster plants that are dying ... That's all."
 “……”
 Silence.
 He had killed hundreds of magical powers, a few seven elemental cultivators, and a great saint. That was all he had gained.
  This was not even as good as the rewards from the city of superpower.
 Everyone present looked at each other helplessly.
 In order to annihilate Fengyun Pavilion, they had all expended a lot of energy, including Li Hao.
 But now, with such a small harvest, if it was in the past, everyone would still be excited, but this time ... There was a high probability that they would be losing money.
 Other than the mirror, there was a high chance that everything else would be a loss.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "That's all?"Li Hao was also depressed.
 "Hmm.....The majority should be on that Hongtu, but in the end.....The other party died, leaving nothing behind."
 Even if Hongtu had a storage ring, there was a high chance that all his items would have been blown up.
 Li Hao sighed.
 He looked at the group of old men in front of him who were crying for food, then at director Wang who did not dare to look at him. There was a high chance that there was still some residue of the spring of life left in the White Tree, but it was all eaten by him.

 However, Li Hao also knew that the other party had paid a heavy price for killing Bai Shu. He still looked weak, so what could he say?
 "Let's go, it's time to evacuate!"
 As Li Hao spoke, he glanced at the eight captured monster plants and frowned slightly.
 What about these monster plants?
 Had he been killed?
 To be honest, if he really killed all 8 immortal trees, he would have gathered almost all the immortal substances that the 9th Division commander would need to revive. However, director Wang didn't really want to kill them, as he felt that these demon plants didn't deserve to die.
 After all, director Wang was the strongest person, so he had to give him some face.
 But there were eight monster plants.
 To be able to live until now, who wasn't immortal in the past?
 Once they were resurrected, it would be troublesome for them to hold grudges.
  Would he hold a grudge?
 Li Hao thought to himself, probably ... So.
 After all, according to what everyone said, the other party was from the Hong family, their master. It was hard to say if he would bear a grudge.
 Li Hao was silent for a while, then suddenly said,"eight monster plants ... You didn't attack me, and now you're almost in a deep sleep. Director Wang pleaded for you, so Hongtu must be killed. You ... Cut off a third of your source and hand it over. Then, you can live and die Here!"
 As soon as he said that, the eight monster plants trembled slightly.
 At this moment, they were extremely weak. Once one-third of the monster plant was cut, they would probably fall into a deep sleep.
 The so-called self-destruction ... Had a high probability of being dead.
 At this moment, director Wang didn't know what to say.
 The others didn't say much either.
 Sometimes, Li Hao acted arbitrarily, and no one could persuade him otherwise.
 Yuan Shuo, on the other hand, thought for a moment and suddenly frowned.""What's the point of wasting it? Besides, this place has been exposed. We can either kill them or take them away. Otherwise, if they go to sleep, won't it be easy for others?"
 He glanced at Li Hao."Your brain ... Sometimes it really doesn't know how to work!"
 This place had been exposed. Once Li Hao's group retreated and someone entered, would they not attack when they encountered the eight slumbering monster plants?
 If he killed them and brought them back, he could even revive some experts.
 Yuan Shuo touched his chin and said with a smile,"take him back!" If you're the subordinate of the Imperial Palace's guard, the main city's monster plants all have auxiliary generals. If the Imperial Palace's guard joins you immediately, you'll have to be an official too. There's only one Imperial Palace guard, it's not dignified!"
 "Bring these eight back and form a team of guards. This isn't enough. Bring back those you don't want to kill. Bring more ..."
 "Hehe." Li Hao smiled helplessly."Teacher, it's mainly because we don't have enough resources!"
 "I know, but isn't there a big mine?"
 Yuan Shuo chuckled,"that thing, if we don't get it back, wouldn't we be letting ourselves down?" Also, bring these eight back ... If you want to revive them, even if you have to self-destruct, you have to give me a way out. "
 "But ..."
 Li Hao wanted to say something, but Yuan Shuo smiled and said,""It'll be fine. The monster plants have submitted to Fengyun tower, to the Hong family of the past, not to Hongtu. Don't worry, if it really doesn't work, we'll kill them when they're better! At that time, will we still be afraid of their rebellion?"
 Li Hao thought for a while and nodded.
 Director Wang heaved a sigh of relief.  At this time, not many people could persuade Li Hao, but fortunately, Yuan Shuo did.
 Li Hao thought for a while and didn't say anything.
 Now, there were many monster plants that wanted to rely on him.
 The Redwood tree and the date tree of the sky sword Mountain both wanted to rely on him. There were still 8 of them here. In the blink of an eye, he had many monster plants under his control.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Over at heaven battling city, although he had brought out five of them, there were still 31 of them who were crying for food.
 "Then let's go out first!"
 "I'll go out first ..." Li Hao said."Wait a moment, everyone. I'll check out the situation after I go out!"
 With that, he laughed and suddenly exited the ruins with the mirror in his hand.
 ……
 In the outside world.
 A few hours had passed since Li Hao's group had entered.
 There was still no movement.
 Who won?
 No one knew.
 At this moment, no one dared to barge in rashly. With so many magical powers fighting, there would definitely be monster plants or monster plant avatars inside. At this moment, even a seven-elemental might die if they went.
 Everyone could only wait.
 Just as everyone was waiting, a figure suddenly appeared between heaven and earth. His voice was loud and cold,""The dark power organization Fengyun Pavilion has disturbed the supernatural realm. All of you will be executed today! The star military governor's office has absolutely zero tolerance for transcendents causing trouble!"
 "The three major Darksider organizations and the other transcendent organizations are to hand over the criminals within a time limit. Other than the three major Darksider organizations, the other major organizations are to register. If they are not registered by the end of the year ... They will be punished with the crime of dark energy!"
 His voice was so loud that it reverberated in all directions!
 Some of the experts in the surroundings sighed.
 Fengyun Pavilion ... Was also unable to stop Li Hao.
 He had lost!
  As for how strong Fengyun Pavilion was, no one knew. But there were dozens of magical powers that appeared, and there were probably many experts who didn't appear. There was also the monster plant behind them, but now ... They were all gone.
 Li Hao's side already had the ability to kill the monster plants in the remains.
 ……
 In the distance.
 Ying Hongyue coughed. Blood was still flowing out from the corner of her mouth. She looked into the distance at Li Hao, whose powerful aura was spreading in all directions. She just kept looking at him.
 Fengyun Pavilion had lost.
 How powerful was Fengyun Pavilion?
 If it was just a monster plant that had not fully recovered, it was not a big deal to be killed.
 But what if ... It was more than that?
 At this moment, there seemed to be a faint light circle fluctuating between heaven and earth. Ying Hongyue frowned slightly and raised her head to look at the sky.

 ……
 At the same time.
 In the mirror in front of Li Hao, many figures appeared and disappeared in a flash.
 Soon, the figures were fixed on the mirror.
 Li Hao examined the mirror. It was interesting.
 Although it consumed a lot of energy, its ability was not bad.
 He didn't look at anyone else. He knew that Ying Hongyue was nearby, so he immediately looked at the figure that Ying Hongyue represented. The mirror captured the aura of life, and at this moment, Ying Hongyue's aura of life was quite strong.
 Judging from Li Hao's own body, his vitality was even stronger than his own.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 Seven elements?
  p On Fengyun Pavilion's side, the rankings on the list were based on the judgment of the Fengyun Pavilion master and the division of strength.  At this moment, Li Hao was in the same situation.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He could only make such a judgment.
 After all, he couldn't completely investigate it.
 He could only judge it from the strength of his vitality.
 "Ying Hongyue ... Does she really have seven elements?"
 But if that was the case, how could they survive in the outside world?
 Or could it be that it wasn't actually seven elements, but that he was able to combine the seven meridians into one at a critical moment, so he had the power of seven elements?
 With this thought in mind, Li Hao instantly disappeared.
 In the distance.
 Ying Hongyue's expression changed slightly. She grabbed Zi Yue and Qing Yue in each hand and instantly disappeared from where they were.
 A moment later, Li Hao appeared. He looked into the distance and laughed."Ying Hongyue, tremble! It's best to tell the master behind you to be careful and hide in the doghouse with you. Otherwise ... The next one I want to kill will be you!"
 Ying Hongyue's indifferent voice came from afar,"Li Hao, you broke the Hong family's godly hammer and broke many people's hopes ... You're the one who should be careful!" Many people want to return to the existence of the new martial era. By doing this, you're cutting off their hope ... Be careful that you'll be the first one the eight major cities will deal with. "
 Li Hao sneered,"come!" Who in the eight major cities dares to go against me? Who can deal with me? I will destroy whoever dares to! Ying Hongyue, if you have the ability, go and collude with them. Collude with as many as you can. If they all join you, I, Li Hao, will have to thank you, and it will be easier for me to kill them!"
 In the distance.
 Ying Hongyue didn't even turn her head, her expression grave.
 Li Hao ... Was very strong.
 Not only that, Li Hao was extremely arrogant and Savage. He didn't care who the eight major cities would side with. His words might not be entirely true, but they were partly sincere.
 He would destroy whoever supported Ying Hongyue.
 Can you do it?
 Of course not in the ruins.
 However, after leaving the remains, the second recovery had yet to begin. The current Li Hao was terrifyingly powerful, and even Ying Hongyue wasn't 100% confident that she could deal with him.
 As for the seven meridians as one ...  Ying Hongyue thought to herself, but she quickly suppressed these thoughts.
 ……
 At this moment, it was like a hurricane sweeping through.
 Fengyun Pavilion was destroyed!
 Ordinary people did not have much of an impression of this organization. They only knew that it was the organization that had come up with the ranking chart, and that it had offended Li Hao before, so it was named the fourth darkpower organization.
 In the end, it was destroyed not long after ... Ordinary people just watched for fun.
 However, for the large organizations and forces, the enemy had used dozens of techniques. More importantly, Li Hao's team had entered the relic and annihilated the enemy. It was unclear how much Li Hao's side had suffered, but this meant that Li Hao's side now had the ability to annihilate the seven elements.
 This was the least they could do!
 Perhaps it was a clone of heaven battling city's monster plant resurrection, or perhaps it was something else. In any case, many people realized that the ruins ... Were no longer safe.
 In the past, even if they encountered strong enemies, they would be safe hiding in the ruins.
 As long as the existence inside the ruins didn't betray them, they wouldn't die.
 But now, it was no longer safe.
 For a time, many forces were in turmoil.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't chase after anyone. Instead, he looked at the mirror in silence.
 One figure after another appeared.
 The experts in the nearby area appeared one by one. Flying sword immortal, Yama, vast sky Mountain Lord ...
 These famous experts of the past were nothing in Li Hao's eyes now.
 Of course, he was still very strong.
 Judging from their life auras, they were at least at the pinnacle of six elements. As for whether they could display the strength of seven elements, it was still unknown, but ... So what if they had seven elements?
 "This is good stuff, but it's a pity ... It's too good at eating!"
 Li Hao shook his head slightly. It was only a small-scale exploration, but it had cost him one million divine energy stones.
  How was this a divine weapon? this was a glutton.
 Li Hao glanced in the direction that Ying Hongyue had fled in and frowned slightly. He had sensed Ying Hongyue's location just now. If it was any other time, he would have taken the opportunity to kill her, but ... There seemed to be other existences near Ying Hongyue.
 Even the mirror only swept past, and a blood-red figure appeared. However, it quickly disappeared, escaping the range of the coverage.
 "The red shadow ..."
 Li Hao frowned. He knew about the red shadow. It was just a blood puppet. It shouldn't be a red shadow, but it could be something similar.
 Its life force wasn't too strong, and it only appeared for a brief moment before disappearing. However, it was extremely fast, and it disappeared in the blink of an eye.
 "What the hell is this?"
 Li Hao thought in his heart, could it be the existence behind Ying Hongyue?
 Li Hao knew that Hong Yue had someone supporting her.
 The other party probably also wanted to open the Stargate, so they supported Ying Hongyue. Perhaps the other party had appeared when she was first awakened. His teacher had once said that when he wanted to kill Ying Hongyue in the past, she had a backer behind her.

 That was something that happened many years ago!
 "Now that the hammer is gone, the only way to open the Stargate is to seize the starry sky sword ..."
 Although the starry sky sword had long been coveted by the other party, now that the Hong family's godly hammer was gone, the starry sky sword might have become their only hope.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao's voice spread again.""All the night watchers and all the ministers of the various provinces and branches will gather in stellarsky city in three days! The night patrolmen began to reorganize. Anyone who didn't arrive would be killed without mercy! If you think you're invincible, you can try!"
 At this moment, the night patrollers in the nearby Nanyue and nandou province were all trembling.
 Li Hao was going to punish the night patrollers.
 The head of nandou's night patrol was already dead. On Nanyue's side, the head of the night patrol who had tried to please Li Hao before swallowed his saliva. He couldn't wait to go to stellarsky city as soon as possible, for fear that he would be late.
 He was the only one who knew how powerful Li Hao was when he destroyed Fengyun Pavilion.
 He must have killed a monster plant. That was the least he could do.
 Who would dare to provoke such an existence?
  What three major organizations? what seven divine mountains? could they kill monster plants?
 ……
 The news quickly spread.
 In the stellarsky city.
 Some of the experts had already gone underground.
 The experts who stayed behind were also filled with emotions. Fengyun Pavilion was really useless.
 They were actually annihilated so easily.
 In the nine Dragons Pavilion.
 One by one, the experts gathered.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The few secretaries who didn't go down were all drinking. One of them laughed and said,""Why didn't Chen Yao come?"
 No one responded.
 Perhaps the inspector had a change of heart.
 What was there to say?
 Not only Chen Yao, but the nine divisions had declined a lot. The Internal Affairs Division and the financial division were now very perfunctory. Only they knew what they were thinking.
 The military law Department and the Division of Administration might have their own plans, but the others knew a little.
 But ... What could he do?
 The powerful nine divisions were now falling apart. In the past, they had thought that suppressing the royal family was their top priority, but now?
 Now ... The star military governor's office had grown in size and was madly swallowing up the interests of all parties.
 Although the three great organizations had yet to suffer any serious injuries, the heavenly Sword Manor could pretend that they did not exist when Buddha and mountain Master sky ROC died. As for the remaining four great sacred mountains, only they knew the exact situation.
 The various overlords were probably hesitating and worried.  As for the elders 'meeting in the city of supers, it was still not completed yet. It was ridiculous. Maybe Li Hao would come to kill you before your elders came out.
 ……
 The world was shocked!
 ,m In the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.  At this moment, a few experts had gathered. The four old secretaries-the administrative division, the military law Division, the merit assessment Division, and the foreign etiquette division-had gathered. Other than them, there was also heavenly astral King and a team of nearly a thousand black armor soldiers.
 Out of the nine old secretaries, Li Hao killed two. Chen Zhongtian didn't come, and no one invited him.
 The financial division and the Internal Affairs Division didn't come either. The old and current secretaries were still alive. He didn't know what the MU and Liu families were thinking. The financial division hadn't shown up since Li Hao destroyed the four Seas group.
 On the side of the Internal Affairs Department, mu Xiaorong was still being detained in the prison of the Heavenly Star governor's mansion, and the MU family had not said a word.
 At this moment, the four secretaries gathered.
 They both had powerful auras.
 Among them, Qi Pingjiang and another old man were extremely powerful. The old man looked young, but he was Zhao Tianyang, the old Secretary of the administration Division. He was also a real top-level existence in the world at the moment. He was as famous as Ying Hongyue and the old Heavenly Star King Jiang Chen.
 At this moment, an old man in golden armor was standing in the middle of the group. It was Jiang Chen.
 Jiang Chen's face was pale. He smiled weakly."My old friends, you've already come this far, so why are you still restricting me?"
 Qi Pingjiang ignored him. He looked into the distance and said calmly,""The origin of chaos is isolated. It won't be easy to gather it. Venerable rose, do you have a way to break the restriction?"
 The chaos origin source existed in several vital areas.
 Now, if they wanted to join forces, they had to first break through the chaos origin source.
 Jiang Chen said with a smile,"it's not difficult. Venerables at the peak of the immortal realm are strong enough to break the chaos origin. As long as you've informed us in advance, and we won't fight against you, we won't have any problems."
 After saying that, he laughed."Old friends, why don't you release the seals first and let me activate the formation in the city to restrict that person? otherwise ... I'm afraid it won't be easy to go to the true giant Mine."
 The few of them did not speak and looked at Zhao Tianyang.
  Even Qi Pingjiang was no exception.
 The nine divisions were able to overthrow the imperial family because this person was their leader. Without this person, it would not have been so easy to overthrow the imperial family back then.
 Zhao Tianyang was not in a hurry. After waiting for a while, he said,""Wind cloud Pavilion has been destroyed!"
 The few of them were a little surprised. It was very difficult for them to receive news from the outside.
 How did Zhao Tianyang receive it?
 Seeing that everyone was looking at him, Zhao Tianyang smiled,""It's not that complicated. In the star Town, the military dagger can still be used. The Division of Administration will send the news to the kingdom of Chen through the military dagger as soon as possible. I guess the kingdom of Chen has received the news long ago. "
 No one said anything. This method was actually not difficult. The difficult part was ... Zhao Tianyang had obtained a military post in Heavenly Star Town. In other words, he also had a military dagger. The key was that he was not hei Teng.
 It had to be silver armor at the very least!
 He couldn't even store the copper miasma in his body, but he could store the silver miasma.
 This was something that no one had known before.

 Jiang Chen also smiled."Brother Tianyang, I don't even know when you got your military post. It seems ... You and I are not in the same system. The star Army has ten divisions. May I know which division you're in, and what position you hold?"
 "That's not important. "
 Zhao Tianyang said calmly,'what's important is that Li Hao can kill the monster plant now! The Fengyun Pavilion was able to cultivate divine abilities, so it must have at least one monster plant. The ones who were still alive were undying at the very least. Even if they had just recovered, it would be difficult for an ordinary seven element cultivator to kill them! How do you guys think Li Hao did it?"
 After saying that, he suddenly turned his head to look in a direction and whispered,"That golden hou ... Is he still alive?"
 The few of them were stunned.
 Zhao Tianyang chuckled."If Li Hao really has the ability to kill monster plants, this golden kun is right under his nose. Will he let it go?"
 Jiang Chen frowned slightly."He should still be alive. A venerable went to test him before. He was still there. And ... He's been extracting energy all day. It seems like he's trying to stop us from gathering the formation ..."
 "Are you sure it's the Golden Gu and not other monster plants?"
 Jiang Chen thought for a moment and smiled."It's probably the Golden Jiao. The monster plant's main body can't leave the ruins, so only its clone can. If it's a clone, it can only use the power of a peak level at most. Li Hao went to deal with the wind cloud Pavilion. Will there be several clones of the peak level monster plant left here?"
 Otherwise, it would be very difficult to resist rose thorns.
  The monster plant after the chaos origin was not weak. If it was a clone of the monster plant left behind by Li Hao, Li Hao would be too generous.
 Zhao Tianyang was noncommittal as he looked towards the security Department.
 That place ... Was it really still a golden Jiao?
 Of course, no one could be sure at this moment.
 If rose thorns didn't try to break through the chaos origin, no one would dare to rashly break through it. Otherwise, once they fell into the chaos origin and were attacked by the Golden Jiao, they would all face the risk of death.
 As the few of them were talking, the void trembled.
 In an instant, several monster plants flew through the air, almost all of them taking human form.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The leader was rose thorns, who had transformed into a coquettish woman. She looked at the crowd with a cold expression,""We've already gathered. Quickly activate the Army formation. Don't waste any more time!"
 "Let's go to the mine vein's entrance first ... And stop them from destroying the gathering of the formation. Jiang Chen, don't ruin our plan, or else ... We'll all be in trouble!"
 "Venerable!" Jiang Chen bowed slightly."Venerable, don't worry!"
 Rose thorns did not say anything else and disappeared in an instant.
 Behind him, the four monster plants also disappeared instantly.
 This time, a total of five monster plants had gathered to seize the giant Mine. Everyone understood that seizing the giant Mine now would give them the upper hand. It was just that the nine divisions and the imperial family were like fire and water previously. Li Hao's appearance had given them the opportunity to cooperate.
 After the monster plants left, Qi Pingjiang frowned slightly and said,""What I'm most worried about now is that after Li Hao returns from destroying Fengyun Pavilion and finds that we're not in charge of the nine divisions, he might guess that we've entered this place. At that time ... There might be some trouble."
 What if Li Hao came in to cause trouble?
  The old Secretary of the Meritorious Service division laughed coldly,"he's just sending himself to his death!" The five Venerables of monster plant clan have already recovered and gathered here, and venerable rose is at the peak of immortal realm, close to the existence of a Saint. It's good that Li Hao really came!"  Besides, Li Hao was here. In the relic, the divine weapons of the families were very powerful. They could deal with Fengyun Pavilion, but that didn't mean they could deal with them.
 Fengyun Pavilion might have a monster plant, but how many of them had recovered?
 The place with the densest energy in the world was here.
 This place was the place where the recovery of the monster plants was the strongest.
 The monster plants in other places did not recover as quickly as the ones here.
 "Alright, I'm done!"
 "We've already come to this point. There's no need to say anything. We've already made our decision. What's the point of hesitating?" Zhao Tianyang said.
 Everyone nodded slightly and did not say anything more. In front, the black armored Army cleared the way and everyone followed.
 At this moment, they only had one mission, which was to go to the military camp and activate the military formation.
 There weren't many dangers in the Heavenly Star Town.
 However, there were still some wandering armored warriors. Some were very weak, but some might have absorbed a lot of energy and were quite powerful. Ordinary soldiers were still fine, but some were also in chaos after being attacked by the chaos source. This was where they were in danger.
 They were already here, and the monster plants had also reached an agreement. Although Fengyun Pavilion could not hold Li Hao and the others back, they still decided to continue exploring.
 Otherwise, if this dragged on ... Li Hao might really exterminate them.
 ……
  In the remains of Fengyun Pavilion.
 Li Hao looked at director Wang."The nine divisions and the royal family might have started to explore the ruins to seize the giant Mine. The other party also has many experts. In the entire Heavenly Star Town, there are at least nine monster plants and one deputy commander. They are all extremely powerful!"
 Li Hao looked at him, and director Wang sighed. "I'm definitely not his match. Don't look at me. I've already used my only method of killing experts. I'll need time to recover."
 Li Hao calculated for a moment. It would be little tree and director Wang.
 As for the two puppets, there was a high probability that they would not be able to defeat the monster plants, because they were only puppets after all.
 He counted with his fingers, whether he should move the Redwood tree over, and then the date tree on the sky sword Mountain. As for the other monster plants, they were all half-dead, including the eight here.
 But ... It was still not enough.
 The Vice Commander-in-Chief might be very powerful.
 Right now, they didn't know who the enemy was.
 He didn't know if they were friends or enemies, so he treated them as enemies.

 Perhaps he had really become a saint!
 "The Managing Director?"
 At this stage, perhaps only the Managing Director had some confidence, and the distance was close. More importantly, the other party had no desires, so it was not easy to deal with him.
 It was also a question of how much strength had been restored.
 As for himself, Li Hao felt that it wasn't difficult for him to become stronger. The key was that he needed time, but he didn't have the time right now. The other party was going to explore the mine vein now ... Which was very annoying.
 "I don't care, let's go back first!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao looked at the crowd and said,"it's very troublesome to move so many monster plants at once. I'll move them one by one. You guys wait here first ... Don't go out rashly. Hide for a while."
 Everyone didn't care about this, so they would just hide first.
 As for the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town, they knew their own limitations. There were many monster plants that participated in the battle. If they joined forces, there was hope to deal with one monster plant. However, if there were many of them, they would not be able to fight.
 As for Li Hao, he didn't say much and started to move like an ant.
  Although the eight monster plants were weak, Li Hao wanted to save as much as he could. He didn't want to use the earth-drilling shuttle. He just needed to move them manually. He just needed to make two more trips. He wanted to move these monster plants to Heavenly Star Town.
 Next, he was going to move all the experts on his side in.
 Li Hao had to take down Heavenly Star Town.
 There were many historical remains in the world, but none of them was richer than Heavenly Star Town. A large mine was enough for Li Hao to be tempted.
 He also wanted to move the date trees and Redwood over.
 ……
 Next, Li Hao became a manual transport plane.
 First, he moved the eight surrendered monster plants, then he went to the city of supers. The Redwood tree was still assisting Huang Yu and the others in their cultivation, but in the emergency, Li Hao had to move the Redwood tree away.
 After that, he ran to the heavenly Sword villa. That date tree couldn't wait for Li Hao to take him away. After gathering his clones, he already knew how terrifying this group of people was.
 If they followed Li Hao, at least they had a chance of recovery.
 If it continued to hang out with skysword, it was worried that it would starve to death, especially since skysword was hanging out with Li Hao and wouldn't come back at all.
 ……
 Under such circumstances, in the underground remains of the star military governor's office.
 There were more and more monster plants.
 The Emperor guard felt a sense of crisis.
 Ten monster plants had already moved here, and the five disciples and Grand-disciples of the locust tree had not arrived yet. Now, there were 15. Including himself, there were 16, and there were still a bunch of them in heaven battling city.
 As a monster plant, it was under a lot of pressure.
 These monster plants were almost all undying.
 Even if it had not fully recovered, and some of them might not be as strong as it, the little tree knew that at least it was no match for the Redwood tree. The other party was very strong.
 This put huge pressure on little tree. His position ... Was about to be lost.  At this moment, the monster plants that were approaching the giant Mine all looked in one direction, the security Department.
 The few monster plants were a little strange!
 Over there ... The speed at which it devoured the energy was getting faster and faster. One could see with the naked eye that wisps of energy were overflowing out of the big mine and then dissipating into nothing. They were all drawn away by the monster plants over there.
 The Golden Lion ... What was it doing?
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the huge mine vein, countless crystal-clear energy stones were embedded in the mine tunnel. Outside the mine, in a military camp, a gold-tier warrior was standing there, with thousands of soldiers waiting in formation.
 This was the last large-scale organized Army of the star Army.
 Unlike heaven battling city, which was extremely weak, there was enough energy here. Every black hou exuded a powerful aura, and the copper and silver ones were even more powerful.
 Even though there were only a thousand of them, there were as many as six captains in Silverbeard.
 Each of them had a strong aura.
 At this moment, they all looked outside, as if they knew that rose thorns was going to attack them again.
 The gold-tier warrior did not pay much attention to it. Instead, he looked in a certain direction, which was also the direction of the security Bureau. He was slightly puzzled, and the speed of energy extraction was instantly accelerated.
 What happened over there?
 ……
 While everyone was suspicious, Li Hao entered again and cursed,""All of you, stop it. Are you hungry ghosts? What's there to absorb now? when we take down the giant Mine, we can absorb it as much as we want. Are you afraid that others won't know that a bunch of hungry ghosts have come here?"
 These bastards!
 After he cursed for a while, the eight monster plants that surrendered trembled and stopped absorbing. The others also quickly reduced their absorption speed.
 But ... I'm really hungry!
  Other than the sapling and the Redwood tree, who else was not hungry?
 He was so hungry that his main body was about to collapse!
 "Be quiet, I'm going to find help ... Before that, if you cause any trouble, you'll be punished! Emperor guard, I'll leave these guys to you. Manage them well, and if they don't listen to me, tell me ... I'd like to see who dares to be impetuous!"
 The group of monster plants were helpless.
 The other monster plants were living like big bosses, but they were living like grandsons.
 However, Yao had to lower their heads under the eaves.
 He couldn't afford to offend him!
 After seeing director Wang's methods, who would dare to directly invite a Supreme to kill him?
 Little tree was also very happy.
 As expected, there were benefits to being the first to join Li Hao's side. It was a pity that they were too weak. Otherwise, I could have incorporated them into my Imperial Guards.

 (I'll release the first chapter tomorrow Saturday at night. I haven't been in a good state recently. Otherwise, I'd have to release one more chapter every day. I can't hold on anymore.)
 The star military governor's office.
 Li Hao walked out of the relic and looked at the Imperial Palace and the nine divisions in the distance with a frown.
 To be honest, if it were not for the urgency of the situation, he would not have wanted to deal with the nine divisions and the imperial family now.
 The consecutive battles had exhausted him, and ... There were many things that he had not had time to digest. Moreover, the battles that were too intense had not allowed everyone to gain much.
 It might be better to take things step by step.
 However, things did not always go as one wished.
 The enemy couldn't just stand there and wait for him to become stronger. Thus, the nine divisions and the imperial family quickly took action, not giving Li Hao any time to rest or digest.
 "I can't deal with them at this stage ..."
 Li Hao thought to himself.
  Therefore, at this stage, he could only look for help.
 If he wanted to suppress his opponent, he might need the help of a great saint. In fact, Li Hao never liked to ask for help. As for director Wang, it wasn't a request. It was an exchange of benefits. Li Hao was providing benefits for heaven battling city.
 So did the small tree.
 The Silver Moon Martial Master had taken the initiative to help before, but now that Li Hao was helping them, they were all helping each other.
 However, to find a Supreme Saint ...
 Perhaps, he needed to find the Managing Director.
 But this person didn't owe Li Hao anything.
 On the contrary, Li Hao still owed some fines. This person would never ask Li Hao to help with the resuscitation. He only hoped that Li Hao would not disturb him.
 Li Hao didn't have a good impression of him at first.
 Later, he found out that it was actually okay. It was just that their personalities were different, and they didn't like each other.
 At this moment, standing in the star military governor's office, Li Hao was a little hesitant.
 He could still say that he wanted to let the two puppets out for a breather.
 However, that person ... Never wanted to come out.
 Could he make the other party come out of the mountain?
 This was the first reason.
 Second, what kind of price should he pay?
 Heaven battling city had taught Li Hao a principle: Equal Exchange, the more you pay, the more you get. You can't just get something out of thin air.
 Director Wang, Li Hao used a large amount of energy and a large number of monster plants to exchange for this.
 Li Hao didn't think there was anything wrong with this.
 But what about the Managing Director?
 The other party didn't seem to have any desires, except ... To go home.
 However, Li Hao couldn't give him such a promise.
 Although Li Hao liked to make promises, director Zhou taught him that. Li Hao never made promises that he couldn't complete. At least in the near future, there was still hope. That was why he said that.
 And even if Li Hao could open a Stargate, would he be able to contact the origin world?
 Can you send them back?
 Many thoughts flashed through Li Hao's mind, but he knew that if he didn't find this person ... He wouldn't be able to gain much from this trip to the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 As for heaven battling city, locust tree was also a Saint, but his body was too large and too far away. Even with Li Hao's seven-elemental domain, he might not be able to support his opponent to walk so far.
  Moreover, the locust tree was a Guardian monster plant of heaven battling city, so it might not be able to leave. The other party still had a total of 31 monster plants, so how could he bring them all along?  Li Hao's domain probably collapsed in an instant.
 The old turtle was an origin divine weapon, and the other party was probably the core of heaven battling city.
 There was one more thing ... Li Hao didn't want only the people of heaven battling city to participate.
 It wasn't that he was worried, but he wanted to make unnecessary trouble disappear.
 Otherwise, once heaven battling city claimed the mine, would Li Hao be able to refuse?
 First a villain, then a gentleman.
 At that time, it would not be good if they fell out with each other for the sake of the huge mine.
 "If I take down Heavenly Star Town, I'll have to keep a low profile for a while. Otherwise ... If it's all old fogey fighting ... To me, even if I win with old fogey's help, it'll be meaningless!"
 Li Hao frowned.
 If the nine divisions didn't make a move in the ruins of Heavenly Star Town, Li Hao might not make a move immediately.
 He had many thoughts in his mind, but now ... He had no other choice.
 Letting out a breath, Li Hao quickly flew toward the western suburbs.
 The two golems quickly followed.
 At the same time.
 On the Jiusi group's side, many people had been keeping an eye on Li Hao. Li Hao had been running between the two sides, and no one knew what he was doing.
 At this moment, a cold snort reverberated through the world!
 "You don't want face when I give you face, do you? If you dare to spy on me again, I'll kill you!"
 A cold shout reverberated in all directions!
 Li Hao hovered in the air and glanced at the palace. His expression was cold, and he snorted, his sword intent spreading in all directions. At this moment, the current Heavenly Star King, who was spying in the palace, suddenly grunted.
 A mouthful of blood spurted out.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Father!"
 The expressions of the princes and princesses below changed.
 "Cough, cough, cough ..."
 The heavenly astral King's expression changed. He looked outside and then at the mirror fragment. At this moment, cracks suddenly appeared on the mirror fragment. His expression changed completely.
 Li Hao!
 How strong was this guy?
  He had peeked through the mirror shard and was discovered by Li Hao. Not only that, but Li Hao had also broken his mirror. How was this possible?
 The princes and princesses were all worried.
 "I'm fine,"heavenly astral King waved his hand and said softly.
 In his eyes, there was anger and shock.
 Li Hao ... The peak of six elements?
 Or was he even stronger?
 However, wasn't the space not enough to support even stronger people?
 ……
 The Financial Secretary.
 Liu Yunqing also grunted. Beside him, his father, a white-haired old man, closed his eyes and said,""Be careful. Don't spy on him for no reason. He's not someone to mess with. If you can't kill him the first time ... You should understand that this man ... Will only bring endless trouble to everyone!"

 "Father."
 Liu Yunqing frowned slightly."The imperial family, the military law Division, and the Division of Administration have joined forces to explore the giant Mine. We ..."
 "It's not that simple. If it was that easy, we would have done it years ago. It's not just the imperial family that's a huge threat, the one guarding the mine is too strong!"
 "But if we succeed and the nine divisions abandon us, wouldn't that mean ..." Liu Yunqing's expression was grave.
 "Success?"
 The old man smiled and shook his head."It's really not that easy. Besides, if we really succeed ... Those monster plants won't be able to live in peace. There's still fighting! As long as we don't enter the remains, they won't be able to threaten us. We still don't know who the final winner will be. Do you think that the other monster plants that did not participate would not know?"
 Now, only the one from the imperial family and the other four monster plants were working together to explore.
 As for the nine divisions, there were still five that had not participated.
 The Internal Affairs Division, the financial division, the inspection Division, the criminal law Division, and the business division did not participate. The old director of the business division was dead, the criminal law Division was dead, and the other three divisions were also abandoned. How could these monster plants agree?
 Moreover, a monster plant was a monster plant, and a nine-division was a nine-division.
  In short, even if they succeeded in seizing the ore this time, it would be difficult to determine the winner.
 Liu Yunqing nodded slightly. He thought for a while and said,""Does Li Hao know about this?"
 Did Li Hao know?
 If he knew, would he interfere?
 Today, Li Hao had been traveling back and forth. First, he had destroyed the Windcloud Pavilion. After he returned, he had been busy with something. Perhaps he had suffered heavy losses from the Windcloud Pavilion, but he would always bring back a few Silver Moon martial masters.
 But ... Did this fellow know what had happened in the ruins?
 "You ... What do you want to do?" the old man looked at him.
 "Tell him, how about it?"
 Liu Yunqing suddenly laughed,"the military law Department has ruled us out ... Then let them fight amongst themselves!" Li Hao was able to kill the monster plant of Fengyun Pavilion, so he must have some strength under him. Even if he can't cause big trouble ... Maybe he can just watch the show. "
 The old man looked at him for a long time before saying,""What is your goal? Just to watch the fun? Before doing anything, there must be a goal, a clear goal! It wasn't to offend anyone, nor was it to disgust anyone. It was to achieve the goal, to achieve the goal, to obtain benefits. It's a stupid thing to offend people for no reason. "
 Liu Yunqing was stunned.
 "You've been lying low recently," the old man continued."I thought you wanted to do something, but in the end ... You're just here to watch the show?"
 Liu Yunqing remained silent.
 The old man sighed."The Liu family started their business. When the nine divisions were established, I chose the Financial Secretary to be in charge of the world's finance. Businessmen are sly. If they can avoid offending people, they should avoid offending them. If they offend people and the other party has the tendency to rise up, then they should bow down and let the other party forget the hatred. Even if they have to bow down, even if they are shameless, it doesn't matter."
  "First, you didn't go to Li Hao to apologize. Second, you didn't communicate with the military Law and Administration divisions. Third, you didn't collude with the other marginalized divisions. Fourth, you didn't collude with the three major organizations. Fifth, you didn't go to the eight main cities. Just to watch the fun?"  He looked at his son helplessly.
 A father can't control a son.
 Each generation was worse than the last.
 In this generation, only the two from the military law Division and the Division of Administration were okay. The others ... Were average.
 His son had been wasting a lot of time these days. He had done nothing.
 He didn't know what kind of result his son wanted.
 Are you still angry that Li Hao killed the four Seas Chamber of Commerce?
 Was he still angry about the division of power between the nine divisions and the Liu family?
 If that was the case ... He was too shallow!
 Liu Yunqing was silent for a long time before he slowly said,""Actually ... I think Li Hao is more promising, but ... Father, to be honest, I think Li Hao is promising, but ... The power behind him ... Or rather, the problem with the ancient civilization makes it difficult for me to make a decision. Behind Li Hao is heaven battling city, but the ancient civilization isn't just heaven battling city!"
 "At this stage, with Star Town and silver Moon as the two camps, in terms of strength, Silver Moon is naturally stronger, but he hasn't awakened ..."
 The old man understood what he meant.
 His son was optimistic about Li Hao, but he was unwilling to join him because he did not think highly of Li Hao after his second recovery. Thus, he chose to watch from the side.
  There was no problem.
 Indeed, at the current stage, there were many monster plants that had revived in the middle of the stellarsky city, and they could still absorb energy to recover. However, there were only 10 monster plants that had revived in the entire Silver Moon.
 Even if these monster plants supported Li Hao, so what?
 There were demonic plants and demonic beasts behind the seven divine mountains, and so did the three major organizations. However, Li Hao was not the one who supported them. The three high Duke's public houses also had them, and Li Hao was not the one who supported them.
 There were a bunch of people from the city of supers who supported Li Hao.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Clearly, his son had seen through many things and was very thorough.
 And because of that, he was even more hesitant.
 After a long time, he sighed."If you can see through it, then make your own decision!"
 Liu Yunqing nodded."Actually, father's reminder is right. If this continues ... Once the second recovery begins, the Liu family will be in a difficult position. At this time, one side is Li Hao, who represents Silver Moon! What I'm thinking now is, who can represent the entire Heavenly Star Town? Or ... Does the Liu family have any hope of representing all the ancient monster plants in the Heavenly Star Town?"
 The old man was silent for a while, and then said,""The one who is really confident in dealing with Li Hao is the three great organizations ... The red moon!"

 "Why do you say so?"
 Liu Yunqing was a little surprised. The old man smiled and said after a long time,""The other party ... Also has a main city behind them."
 "Main city?" Liu Yunqing was stunned. Isn't the main city in Silver Moon?"
 "Yes, but have you forgotten that Ying Hongyue isn't a Silvermoon person?"
 The old man smiled and said,"in the eyes of the eight major cities, is there any difference between Li Hao and Ying Hongyue?" They're all from the eight great families, they're all silvers, they're all geniuses, they're all powerhouses, they're all modern people ... Then who they support, does it make much of a difference to them?"
 "Ying Hongyue's rapid rise can't be separated from the power behind her ... In fact, there's more than one power!"
 Liu Yunqing frowned slightly. All this while, he had never guessed who was behind Ying Hongyue. It was true that Hongyue had many financial backers.
 However, a main city ... He had never thought of this.
 "Father, do you mean that neither the royal family nor the division Secretary can do it?"
 Then, he asked,"what about the superpower City?" There are 12 ancient families in the superpower City, and each of them has a monster plant. There are 12 of them ..."
  "What do you think?" the old man smiled.
 What do I think?
 I think ... There's not much hope.
 Liu Yunqing sighed and did not say anything else.
 At this moment, he didn't know what to do. Besides, Li Hao wasn't easy to make friends with, nor was he easy to deal with.
 It was because Li Hao was a martial artist.
 He couldn't bear to have sand in his eyes.
 In fact, he had felt that Li Hao would become a threat from a long time ago. He had thought of cooperating with Li Hao, but whether it was the four Seas Chamber of Commerce or something else, they all had an important weakness ... They had colluded with Pirates.
 And it was said that Li Hao ... Was extremely disgusted with Pirates.
 If Li Hao was a politician, there wouldn't be any problems.
 More importantly, this guy was not.
 Perhaps, from the very beginning, the two of them would never be able to walk together. He understood this in his heart, and his father also understood this. That was why his father said, Ying Hongyue!
 At this moment, Ying Hongyue was mentioned.
 He knew what his father meant.
 Since Jiusi had excluded the Liu family, and Li Hao couldn't rely on them, then ... He would choose Ying Hongyue.
 However, Liu Yunqing felt that Ying Hongyue was a person who thought too much. This kind of person was actually not easy to get along with. Even if Ying Hongyue didn't care about anything, it might be very bad for the Liu family to choose him.  Seeing that his son was silent, the old man smiled.""If you think it's inappropriate, then withdraw! Hand over the financial power, the wealth of the Liu family for many years, hand over the Liu family's private army, find a place to retire in peace, and perhaps ... He could have a good end! "Since ancient times, emperors have always been wary of those in power and the Army. As for those in power, as long as they hand over their wealth ... Even Li Hao, who can't tolerate any mistakes, will choose to forgive them, as long as they don't make any more mistakes!"
 "Now that the world is in turmoil, the Liu family has gained a lot of wealth over the years. It may not be worth mentioning to cultivators, but it is definitely a treasure to those who are interested in the world."
 He looked at his son and said,"choose well!."
 As for the Liu family itself, it was very difficult.
 It was difficult for those who were rich to achieve hegemony.
 Anyone who was familiar with history would know that under such circumstances, as the richest family in the world, the best choice would be to choose an Overlord that was worth relying on. Even if they lost their wealth, it would be a good choice to have a good end.
 As for himself, he did have some ideas ... But in the end, it was still up to his son.
 Liu Yunqing closed his eyes and said nothing.
 At this moment, he was hesitating.
 Not only him, but at this moment, the Ministry of Internal Affairs was also the same.
 As for the inspection Office, it was a different scene.
 Chen Yao looked at his father and asked,""Li Hao's been doing this and that, but did he get anything? Doesn't he know that the royal family and the Division of Administration have reached an agreement? why is he still running around?"
 Chen Zhongtian chuckled and ignored him.
 Seeing that his son was getting impatient, he raised his head and said, "What's the hurry? He had no patience! Don't look at how young he is, everything he does is very organized ..."
 After talking for a while, he thought for a moment and said,"don't be idle these days. Go down and inspect the inspection offices in the central region. Kill those who should be killed, behead those who should be executed, demote those who should be demoted, and promote those who should be promoted!" Be tougher! If we can succeed this time ... Half of the world will be under the Li family name!"
  "So fast?" Chen Yao's expression changed slightly."So fast?"
 How many days has it been?
 Half the Sky's surname is li?
 Chen Zhongtian laughed,"fast?" Achieving the goal of a King was this fast. Once it was slow, it would be difficult! What is sweeping the world? once The Wind Rises, it will quickly sweep the world. This is what it means to be laughed at by a King's plan to dominate the world, and a spring breeze that laughs to the heart's content!"
 What nonsense are you spouting!
 Chen Yao cursed in his heart. Bullsh * t.
 Chen Zhongtian saw that his son didn't believe him, so he smiled and said,""Don't worry, it'll be over soon. The world is now divided into three. Li Hao and silver Moon have one, the nine divisions and the imperial family have another, and the three great organizations, the three high Duke's public houses, and the various overlords only have one!"
 If he could successfully deal with those people this time, then the share of the nine divisions and the imperial family ... Would probably go to Li Hao.
 "The unification of the world is only the beginning. We have to eliminate the remnants of the ancient civilizations in the world. We can either subdue them, kill them, or banish them ... At that time, we will take down the four countries and unite the Silver Moon. It will be time for us to regain our glory!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Chen Zhongtian sighed and said,"the four countries ... Are a little unstable. The peace that has lasted for hundreds of years is about to be broken. At this stage, the internal strife in Heavenly Star is too intense. Li Hao can quickly sweep across the world, so he has enough energy to deal with it. Otherwise ... Heavenly Star will definitely be broken! The four countries are not to be trifled with. Be it the Li Dynasty or the divine Kingdom, they are not to be trifled with. "

