fileno%d
walked out and looked at the huge model with a smile."You can try!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. A piece of divine text was condensed and fell into the heart of the model.
 A superpower lock appeared in his heart and was infused with the divine runes. As the divine runes tugged at it, it actually extracted some life force from the void. "There's no way to input luminous Star Force into the simulated luminous star realm, so I'll replace it with vitality. The effect might not be exactly the same, but it can still be used."
 Li Hao nodded. At this moment, the entire model started to move.
 The heart was like a black hole. Gradually, golden light burst out as it began to extract the life energy of the simulated bright star World and merge it into the heart.
 Everyone was watching intently!
 They all felt that it was somewhat inconceivable. A model actually seemed to be able to undergo self-cultivation. How did this happen?
 At this moment, countless superpower locks appeared.
 Li Hao poured divine runes into it and looked at the others."Everyone has force and divine runes that you're good at. You can choose the corresponding location to integrate them. Follow my orders and activate them together!"
 In an instant, divine stationary appeared and integrated into the human model.
  If it was a real person, there was no way he could do this.
 However, models were compatible with each other.
 All the martial masters and divine powers were filled with interest.
 Li Hao also began to control the divine text.
 As the virtual super locks were wrapped in divine runes, Li Hao bellowed,""The divine text has infiltrated the second layer of space!"
 Everyone took control of the divine text and sneaked into the virtual bright star sector.
 At that moment, many of the superlocks were missing from the model.
 At this time, only some attribute-less super locks and some attribute-based super locks that were not controlled by anyone were left. The originally complicated super locks were much fewer.
 At this moment, the originally messy system seemed to be much clearer.
 Li Hao's eyes flickered as he looked at the model.
 Not only him, but Yuan Shuo and the others were also calculating and drawing something. A piece of paper appeared in front of Yuan Shuo and he quickly wrote and drew. Gradually, his expression became more and more strange.
 "This is not enough. Senior, please remove all the attribute-based superpower locks!" Yuan Shuo said.
 Hei Teng did not say much. He quickly took control of the attribute-based super locks that no one was controlling and hid them.
 At this moment, bei Quan couldn't help but say,"this ... This remaining Super Lock, it looks like something ..."
 ,m At this moment, there were still many dim super locks left in the human model, and they were all attribute-less super locks.  Everyone started to observe carefully. After removing the locks with attributes, the ones without attributes gradually formed a shape.
 Li Hao also observed carefully, and his eyes flickered."This is a sword?"
  "No, it's a stick!"  "Nonsense, it's obviously a hammer ..."
 While everyone was discussing, Li Hao rolled his eyes and couldn't help but say,""This is clearly a sword! Look, this protruding part is where the hilt is, but it doesn't seem to be perfect ..."
 "It's not perfect," Yuan Shuo suddenly said in a deep voice,"it's missing a part. This part ... Might be a superpower lock that we haven't discovered, but it might really exist! If these gaps were filled up, it would indeed look like a sword!"
 The crowd looked at each other.
 This thing was not randomly filled.
 If there was, there was. If there wasn 't, there wasn' T. He couldn't choose to fill it up randomly just to make it more like a sword.
 Yuan Shuo didn't care about that. He looked at Li Hao and quickly condensed energy chains at the empty spots."Li Hao, absorb the spring of life according to these positions and lock onto the position in your body. See if you can form a Super Lock."
 The human body was as vast as the stars. It was difficult to spread the energy randomly, and Li Hao couldn't bear it if he absorbed too much.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo had locked onto a few locations that were originally empty.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If there were superlocks ... It meant that they could find more unknown superlocks through comparison.
 Li Hao didn't say much. He quickly extracted the spring of life and fused it with his body.
 At the location Yuan Shuo had locked onto, he began to absorb the spring of life.
 After a while, Li Hao frowned.
 He did not appear.
 He didn't give up and continued to absorb the spring of life. A large amount of spring of life gushed into his body like it was free. An ordinary person might not be able to discover it in their entire life.
 After a long time, a dark energy fluctuation suddenly appeared in his body.
  In the next moment, an extremely fragile superpower lock appeared.
 Li Hao's expression changed, but the next moment, it turned into surprise.""There are!"
 As soon as he said that, everyone cheered!
 Even hei Teng couldn't help but look at Li Hao, then at Yuan Shuo. He quickly locked onto Yuan Shuo's position and condensed a powerful virtual Super Lock. "There's one here!"
 Yuan Shuo's eyes were also bright. He instantly burrowed into the human body and pointed out red dots at various positions."Li Hao, here, and here ... Quick, try it ..."
 "Monster plant seniors, provide me with the spring of life!" Li Hao shouted in a low voice.
 The surrounding monster plants did not say anything. They all poured the spring of life into Li Hao's body. Li Hao quickly began to absorb the spring of life according to the locations that his teacher had locked on.
 Gradually, more and more ultra-power locks started to show some edges after locking onto their positions.
 It appeared!
 Li Hao was overjoyed. The others were also sweating nervously. It was fine if there was a mistake, but if the Super Lock didn't appear, it meant that all the previous work had been in vain.

 It would also waste a lot of time and resources.
 But now, it had appeared ... This meant that the construction of this human model was extremely successful.
 ? Yuan Shuo was also ecstatic,"it's a sword!" Using a sword as a diagram, make symmetry and fill in some flaws. If you find one, you might be able to find two ... Li Hao, there's a rule to the existence of attribute-less super locks!"
 Li Hao was also overjoyed."Am I special? or is everyone the same? a sword!" This ..."
 "Perhaps ... That's normal!" Hei Teng said in a deep voice. This world originally belonged to the sword Master. The human race and the Heaven's Will of the new era were all greatly influenced by the sword Master. This is especially so for the Heaven's Will. Before it was even born, it could already sense the sword will of the sword venerable ... You said that these are Dao meridians and natural Dao bodies. The Heaven's Will would definitely construct the physical bodies of the new generation of humans according to the strongest existence in its heart ..."
 Hearing this, Li Hao's expression changed. It was really possible.
 The humans of the new era had also been modified by the Heaven's Will to fit the Silver Moon's will better. They were born with a Dao body and were naturally the strongest. In the Heaven's Will's eyes, the strongest being was the sword Saint.
 So ... The attribute-less Super Lock was formed into a sword!
 Li Hao's expression changed."Interesting ..." He quickly said."If I pierce through these swords and completely unlock the sword's Super Lock, what will happen?"
 "Try it and you'll know!"
  Hei Teng's mask suddenly disappeared. His eyes glowed as he poured powerful energy into the superpower lock. Yuan Shuo saw this and quickly said,"I can't just randomly connect them. I have to connect them in order ..."
 "I know!"
 "I'll recharge my energy first. I won't control it rashly!"Hei Teng nodded.
 Then, the dim ultra-power locks lit up one by one. With energy injected into them, they lit up like stars.
 The moment it was lit up ... BOOM!
 An extremely powerful aura instantly appeared.
 Hei Teng's expression changed. He was surprised. "It's just a simple filling of energy, and it can actually cause a change ..."
 BOOM!
 The next moment, a loud sound rang out as the strong human model suddenly exploded. Everyone was shocked, but hei Teng muttered,"I can't take it ... The aura is too strong. It actually broke the model ..."
 After saying that, he suddenly smiled."There's no rush. It's fine. The model is successfully constructed. We can copy it at any time!"
 With that, he reached out and made a grabbing motion. Countless amounts of energy gathered and formed a model again. He inserted energy again and lit up the Super locks.
 "Wait a minute," Yuan Shuo said in a hurry."Some of the most important super locks have not appeared, and the energy has not formed a basic circulation. This is the key to the explosion. Even if we can't completely lock it down, we must first form a general energy circulation ... Senior, light up the energy around the sword first ..."
 "Alright!"  Black Phoenix readily accepted his advice while Yuan Shuo quickly stepped forward to observe and fill up the empty spots with virtual super locks.
 At this moment, the other martial masters also stepped forward. Someone said in a low voice,""This place is not right. This place should be slightly off. I have a feeling that there is some energy convergence in this place ..."
 Li Hao hurriedly said,"everyone, let's go up and search. We'll find the places where we usually feel like we're absorbing a lot of energy. We might not be able to find everything on teacher's side."
 Everyone did not say much and went forward to find, lock, locate, and build models.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In this way, it took several hours.
 While it was already bustling outside, a group of martial masters was perfecting the new system.
 Finally, the outline of a sword lit up.
 As the silhouettes lit up, the mannequin exuded a powerful aura. Hei Teng's expression turned strange as he shouted,""Move aside, let me test its power!"
 With that, everyone retreated.
 The outline of the sword lit up. The next moment, the model threw a punch at director Wang.
 Director Wang didn't care at first. When the giant fist appeared, he punched out too. With a loud boom, director Wang was sent flying and he cried out in pain.
 "What?" hei Teng's expression changed,"how could this be ... I only infused it with the power of a peak Paragon, and it was actually able to force back an undying ..."
  Director Wang jumped up and said in disbelief,""Even if my physical body isn't as strong as it was in the past, even if I didn't go all out, I'm still not someone a Paragon can defeat ..."
 "No, that's not the problem," hei Teng quickly replied."After these superpowers were lit up, their power gathered and even involved some of the bright star world's power, causing an explosion. It's similar to the amplification of the Dao of origin ... But ... It's different. This power is erupting from the body!"
 Director Wang's expression changed,"the power of DAOs!" The power of new Dao!"
 Yes, the power of Dao.
 Hei Teng also nodded in excitement. "It's the power of a new Dao. Only a Dao that can transform you and make you stronger can be considered a Dao! The power of the new Dao has appeared after connecting 360 super locks!"
 Everyone was going crazy.
 "Senior, you mean ... If we unlock 360 super locks, we will experience a transformation in strength?" Li Hao was also extremely excited.
 "Right!"
 The crowd was overjoyed at first, but in the next moment, they suddenly frowned.
 Li Hao's joy was immediately gone. He frowned." 360?"

 You must be joking!
 This was too much!
 Who could develop 360 super locks?
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo revealed a happy expression.""What are you depressed for, a bunch of idiots. How much power did senior input? It's only comparable to a seven-element superhuman, not 360. It's just unlocking a superpower lock, not the kind that you can unlock all of them. It's just a shallow level of unlocking, and you can't even unlock one-tenth of each. That's less than 36. In fact, it's not even as difficult as unlocking ten ... Because you're unlocking all of them, while your seniors only unlocked one-tenth of them ... The difficulty is different!"
 Everyone's eyes lit up again!
 That's right!
 One Super Lock was only slightly developed.
 "Cut each Super Lock into dozens of pieces," Yuan Shuo said quickly."As long as one piece is opened, the cycle will be completed ... Although it can't be developed as a whole, as long as the cycle is completed, it will be an earth-shaking change ... Senior, try injecting less power into it!"
 Hei Teng didn't say anything. He drew back some of his strength and said, "I'm now developing one percent of each Super Lock. Combined, it's equivalent to three god art powers. Who wants to give it a try?"
 Everyone looked at each other. Li Hao quickly looked at one person and said,""Senior Light sword, come and try!"
  Me?
 The light sword was a little surprised. 'Why me?'
 There were so many people.
 But ... It was fine.
 She had three types of god art powers. Now that she had six types, three types ... Was nothing.
 Hei Teng, on the other hand, did not hold back and punched out without a second word!
 BOOM!
 When the human figure punched, it even made people feel as if the void was broken. Of course, it was a little exaggerated. The void was not broken, but the light sword also felt the pressure.
 With a low shout, he slashed out with his sword!
 The Sword of Light appeared, and the sky brightened up.
 BOOM!
 With a loud sound, the light sword took a step back and the sword light dissipated. The model's fist was also cut in half.
 On the other hand, the light sword was surprised and shocked. "It's at least close to the power of five elements!"
 Everyone was ecstatic!
 It was only comparable to the power of three elements, but it could burst out the power of five elements. This was simply unbelievable.
 And this was just an experiment for the attribute-less Super Lock.
 Li Hao's expression changed as well."An attribute-less Super Lock. Every lock is unlocked by a little bit. It's difficult, but not too difficult. It might not be as difficult as unlocking three magical powers, but it can unleash the power of five elements ... This is ... Unbelievable!"  Everyone was ecstatic!
 Yuan Shuo looked at the light spots and muttered,""The great Dao is too far, this Dao is too long! If one percent was so, what about one-tenth? What about fully developing it? This is just the outline. There is still the core area, undiscovered areas, and others ... Just the attribute-less Super Lock alone is enough for us to fight for the rest of our lives ..."
 Everyone was taken aback.
 Then, he felt a little dazed.
 That's right!
 This was just an attribute-less Super Lock. There were already 360 locks in the shape of a sword.
 "How many superpower locks does this sword have?" Yuan Shuo mumbled. One thousand, two thousand? "This doesn't require force. It just needs to be developed simply. It doesn't need too much thinking or comprehension. It's just a simple explosion. As long as there are no mistakes in the operation ... After countless deductions, the transformation of the technique is completed. For example, the outline of the sword, as long as there are no mistakes in the 360 energy points, it's a fool's way of cultivation ... As long as it's completed, everyone is comparable to five elements ... During this period, we can completely avoid some super locks and complete a small cycle ... My God ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, everyone was shocked.
 "Once we complete the development of 360 super locks, my power ... Might be comparable to a Heavenly King!"
 Everyone was stunned. How was this possible?
 Hei Teng replied calmly,"I'm talking about the Heavenly Kings of this era, not including the Dao of Origin's amplification!" In other words, they are the Saints of the new martial era ..."
 Li Hao frowned."Only 360 lines can be comparable to a Saint?"
 Instead, he felt that it was unbelievable!
 Up until now, he only had nine elements in front of him.
 However, seven elements was the absolute peak, right?
 "The difference between each level is very great."
  Hei Teng was calm,"according to the current stage, starting from the seven elements you mentioned, all the way to the 36th element is considered the peak level!" According to my calculations, 36 to 120 elements, that's undying. 120 to 360 Series were Saints. "After completing the development of 360 elements, he should be a Heavenly King ... These are the standards of this era. If he's not a neo martial artist, he'll be fine if he's one level lower than the true origin Dao neo martial artists."
 The stronger one was, the greater the difference in strength.
 Li Hao, however, frowned slightly."Developing 360 lines ... I'm afraid it'll be very difficult!"
 "The path ... Is clear now!" Hei Teng said indifferently. Was it very difficult? With your speed, you can develop 10 lines a year. In 36 years, you'll have the power of a Heavenly King at your current stage ... Is 36 years a lot?"
 People's hearts were not satisfied!
 Even in the neo martial era, except for the beginning, it was impossible for the human race to progress so fast in the later stages. In just 30 years, it was possible to give you the power of a Heavenly King ... Zhang an wanted to die.
 He could be considered a genius, but in the end, he still failed to become a Heavenly King.
 This level was really not something that just anyone could enter.
 Heavenly Kings were existences second only to venerable sovereigns.
 "Then ... What if I can fully unlock all the attribute-less super locks?" Yuan Shuo mumbled.

 "Perhaps it's a venerable sovereign," hei Teng said calmly.
 Everyone swallowed their saliva.
 Director Wang found it unbelievable and said in disbelief,""Venerable sovereign? As long as it was developed, it would be a venerable sovereign? Could the Dao of venerable sovereigns reach directly? It's so simple ..."
 Hei Teng remained silent.
 Was it simple?
 Not simple!
 There might be thousands of complete sword-shaped super locks.
 Was it really that simple?
 Just try it!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It would definitely be more difficult as time went on.
  However, at this moment, everyone couldn't care about this. For the first time, they felt that the venerable sovereign was so close to them ...
 At that moment, Tian Jian suddenly said in a muffled voice, "We've been practicing martial arts for so many years, and most of us have more than 30 years. Now, we're all around six series. With the four limbs and four limbs, we've developed 10 super locks, one every three years. This means that if we develop 360 super locks, it will take 1000 years!"
 Everyone was stunned by his words.
 That's right, Li Hao can get 10 fish a year, but we can 't!
 Let's not talk about the difficulty and whether the subsequent development will be successful. Just these 1000 years ... Can we ... Survive until then?
 Li Hao laughed."That was in the past. It's different now. The energy is very rich. At this stage, it's not difficult for everyone to develop three to five meridians a year. By this calculation, you can fight against Heavenly Kings in a hundred years ... And when you go out, you can also fight against the Saints of neo martial arts ... It's very impressive!"
 It was only a mere hundred years!
 It was nothing compared to neo martial.
 He had lived for tens of thousands of years, or even hundreds of thousands of years.
 Director Wang heaved a sigh of relief and said,""In the new martial era, if you're a genius, it's not a big deal to enter the Saint level in a hundred years ... It seems that the gap is not big. You're also geniuses of this era."
 With such a comparison ... He felt that it was acceptable.
 It could only be said that the time might be quite considerable.
 When he was alive, he was actually less than a hundred years old ... Of course, he was still alive now, but for so many years, they had been in a state of deep sleep, so he did not count this time.
 At this moment, he heaved a sigh of relief. He was almost scared to death just now.
 They felt that these people could become Saints in the blink of an eye.
 He had become a Heavenly King!  That would be too scary ... But now that he thought about it, it was nothing. Even if Li Hao developed 10 new martial arts a year, he would be a Saint of the neo martial era and a Heavenly King at the current stage. He would be more than 30 years old and more than 50 years old.
 At that time, he only had the battle power of a Saint.
 To the proud sons of this era, the leaders of the new era, this strength at the age of fifty ... It was just average!
 Director Wang thought to himself, don't compare yourself to me, you have to compare yourself to those demons.
 For example, the human King back then had become a top-notch venerable sovereign in a few years. Li Hao, on the other hand, had only been a Saint for decades and could be killed with a single slap ... This time, he felt much more balanced.
 Li Hao, however, didn't care about that. He said delightedly,""That's not the key. It's the prospects of this path, whether it can continue, whether this path can be completely ordinary, and whether everyone can walk down this path ... As for time, it depends on talent, resources, and opportunities ... That's not the key!"
 As long as he could follow the prescribed order, there would be a path ahead.
 This was enough!
 As for the difficulty and time involved, it might be impossible to see the end of it in one's lifetime ... That was a personal problem and had nothing to do with the path of martial arts.
 Everyone nodded in agreement.
 Tian Jian was overjoyed,"that's true. Knowing that there's a path ahead is the key!" Just like before, there was no way to go beyond the thousand warrior stage, and everyone was very uncomfortable ... But if the path ahead is the path to heaven, no matter how difficult it is, there is still hope!"
 Everyone nodded in agreement.
 As for Yuan Shuo, he was still studying something. After a while, he suddenly said,""It can be minimized. I've tried to arrange them. Perhaps we can reduce the size to 36 or even smaller. With some simple development, we'll have combat power ... Don't leak all the information at once. Some people will be motivated, some will be in despair! There are too many. To them, it's something they can only look at but not reach. "
 "I feel that we can only disclose about 36 veins to the public at most. We'll develop them to different degrees. Once we can develop all 36 veins to perfection, according to what the senior said, we'll have the strength of this era's Paragon perfection!"
 Everyone thought about it and agreed.
  They were all geniuses of this era. A group of people had gathered here, and when they heard 360 messages, they were in despair. This was only the outline.
 He still didn't know how much of everything he had.
 If there were 36, and they were fully developed, they would be the top combat power of this era. Of course, it would be very difficult.
 Yuan Shuo continued,"in addition, this type of Super Lock has no attributes. It's quite simple and can be developed by force. There's no need to comprehend anything. This is for people who are purely brainless to cultivate. It's much easier and less difficult to develop. Moreover, energy is beginning to recover in this era. Perhaps soon ... A group of modern martial artists with top combat power will be born!"
 As soon as he said this, someone glanced at him. Who was he referring to?
 We will not develop it!
 We want to develop something with attributes!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, frowned slightly and thought,'there's also some difficulty in picking out the 36 that can be fully activated. "That's the first reason. The second reason is that these non-elemental objects can't be condensed into divine text. How to seal most of them and open a small portion is also a problem ... This requires some extremely reliable cultivation techniques to solve this problem ..."
 "The secret technique of five birds might be able to do it," Yuan Shuo nodded.
 Li Hao glanced at him, and Yuan Shuo smiled.""What are you looking at? if it really works, our secret technique of five birds will be the secret technique of ten thousand birds in the future. A mere secret technique of five birds has long been outdated!"

 “……”
 Li Hao had said this before, but his teacher wasn't happy about it.
 "So," Yuan Shuo continued,"at this stage, there's still some difficulty. First, we have to find all the superlocks. Secondly, he had to study the different combinations of the Super locks and the different secret Arts. One secret art might not be enough. Third, develop secret skills of different levels, preferably secret skills that include all the Super locks. "Fourth, this is only for those without attributes. Those with attributes need to be studied separately ..."
 Hearing this, everyone was stunned. Then, they all looked at Li Hao and said,"you do it."
 We can 't!
 As for Li Hao, his teeth were also aching. This difficulty ... He might as well spend his entire life researching cultivation techniques!
 That's right, it was only an outline now.
 It was a wonderful idea, but in fact, it would take a long time to perfect it.
 "Also, if that's the case, the entire martial arts system will have to be overturned and rebuilt," Yuan Shuo added."The current system is no longer suitable for this."
 Everyone was stunned again. Then, they became excited.
  To rebuild a new system!
 To anyone, this was a great event that would leave their names in history and be remembered by countless generations of descendants!
 This ... Is this okay?
 Li Hao was also slightly distracted.
 Completely overthrowing the system and rebuilding it?
 "It doesn't matter if there's an attribute-less Super Lock or an attribute-based Super Lock. The difference in difficulty is not too big ... Of course, it's definitely more difficult to develop an attribute. However, in terms of combat power, the difference might not be too big ... In this case, it's enough to just rebuild a system."
 "The system, realm, cultivation methods, secret Arts, and the location of the superpower lock are all difficult questions. This is only the beginning. I'm afraid ... It'll take countless years to complete the system!"
 Li Hao nodded and mumbled,"lock me up in a small black room for a few decades. Maybe ... That'll be enough?."
 “……”
 Everyone looked at him. Do you want to try?
 Meanwhile, Black Phoenix did not say anything as he looked at the sword-shaped superpower lock and the specks of light. He suddenly thought,"I ... Should I change to a new human body?"
 Since he couldn't go back, why not ... Just do it here?
 He looked at director Wang. Director Wang was digging out his body as if he wanted to dig out a Super Lock. Unfortunately, he didn't have it. The restored body was also restored according to the new martial era.
 Not far away, the Black Panther was also trying to catch him. It wanted to try too.  Those monster plants were also eager to make a move. They were looking forward to ... Do we monster plants have a superpower lock?
 It didn't matter if he didn 't. Could he do it?
 He felt that in an era without origins, it seemed ... Not bad to take a new path.
 Furthermore, the first batch of cultivators to leave would definitely have a great opportunity.
 This was something that everyone was very clear about.
 Li Hao didn't care about this. He suddenly said,""Let's not care about that. Let's look at the attribute-less ones first. Senior, cover up the ones without attributes. Everyone, control the ones with attributes. Let's see if there's any difference. Is it still a sword?"
 Everyone was shocked and excited.
 Those with attributes were definitely stronger and had more prospects.
 The next moment, everyone began a new round of attempts.
 On this day, these martial masters all saw hope, saw the light, saw the hope of chasing after neo martial arts, and even the hope of surpassing neo martial arts ... Even if the hope was pitifully small, in this era, there was a road ahead, so it was exciting.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was no longer a chaotic development of the Super Lock and no longer a dead end.
 No matter how difficult the road ahead was, at least they could see an infinite future!
 Everyone was filled with excitement and enthusiasm. No one thought about whether it was the new year outside. For a moment, they were all thinking,"should we not care about what's going on outside?"
  We have a big mine and have found a way forward. We can cultivate in seclusion here. When we go out in ten years, we might be top-tier experts.
 How could managing the world be as cool as cultivating!
 ……
 The next day, when Lin Hongyu came to stellarsky city to report on her work, she was at a loss.
 Where was he?
 She suspected that the Silver Moon Martial Master and Li Hao had run away.
 That's right, there were almost no silver Moon martial masters in the entire city.
 Didn't I come here to be the city Lord?
 'But ... Where should I go?
 She couldn't find Li Hao and the others. She had become the strongest person in the vast stellarsky city. More importantly, she didn't know where Li Hao and the others had gone.

 The star military governor's office.
 Liu Long was there.
 Although Lin Hongyu had not received a welcome or anything, Liu Long knew what to do.
 There were still people in charge of Sky Star City.
 However, that director Zhou was also very busy.
 Liu Long had no choice but to take Lin Hongyu to various places and introduce her to the managers. It was only then that everyone in Sky Star City knew that Lin Hongyu from the city of superpowers had come to take over the city.
 Li Hao and the others were nowhere to be seen.
 She was really ... Speechless and speechless.
 Once Lin Hongyu was appointed, she immediately felt endless pressure. Countless things piled up on her shoulders and she had to take care of everything. However, at this time, everyone else had disappeared.
 Even for the opening ceremony of Sky Star martial Academy, which was an extremely important Academy ... Hong Yitang was not present!
  Hong Yitang didn't do it on purpose. He just wanted to take a look, but then ... He was so deeply immersed in it that he couldn't extricate himself and forgot that he was going to start school.
 Luckily, Lin Hongyu had arrived. Together with director Zhou and the others, they managed to hold up the scene. They cursed the group of people in their hearts.
 What could be more important than this?
 All of them were really unreasonable!
 Even if they were in seclusion, the world had not been settled yet. They couldn't all be in seclusion now, right?
 ……
 At this moment, underground.
 A group of people were busy, working, and discussing without rest. Everyone was not very idle, they were all very busy.
 He was so busy that he even forgot about the outside world.
 They were busy laying the foundation for martial Dao.
 They were busy sorting out the new divisions of martial arts realms, the foundation of martial arts cultivation, and how to determine the next path.
 This was the symbol of the new era.
 Yuan Shuo's eyes were bloodshot.
 After drinking a large mouthful of the spring of life, he panted and said,""I already have some Foundation for martial arts, or rather, I should say, the new martial arts!"
 Everyone focused their attention.
  Yuan Shuo gasped for breath."The names of the ten, hundred, and thousand realms can be left behind to be more intuitive so that martial arts can be promoted smoothly. Otherwise, a new realm can easily cause some people to resist it and feel that the new way is not as good as the old way."  "Let's not talk about attribute-based divine texts first. Let's divide it by attribute-less super locks."
 "In the past, the tenth realm was the birth of inner strength. As to why inner strength was born, why inner strength was born, and where inner strength came from ... Everyone may not understand, but I think everyone will understand now!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yuan Shuo laughed,"the inner strength that appears in the ten-realm slash is the process of unlocking the Super Lock. Or rather, the process of opening the Dao Meridian! We can divide a Super Lock into ten parts and turn it into ten apertures. After opening one aperture, we can connect to the bright star World, extract energy, and produce inner strength in our bodies. This is the beginning of the tenth realm!"
 Everyone nodded.
 In the past, he knew how it was but didn't know why.
 Let me ask you, why did you develop inner strength?
 He did not know.
 "That's because cultivation is about producing inner strength. Your question is so meaningless.
 "But now, everyone knows that it's because we've opened the Dao Meridian. As long as we open the Dao Meridian, we can connect to the bright star realm. Power will overflow from the bright star realm and be born from the body to nourish the body. It's called inner strength!
 This was a process of clearing one's heart and clearing one's Dao.
 Only by knowing the reason would one be able to cultivate better. In the past, martial masters didn't understand this principle. In fact, many top-notch martial masters didn't understand it either. Everyone knew that inner strength could nourish the body.
 As for the other reasons ... How would we know?
 Hadn't inner strength been like this since ancient times?
 Yuan Shuo continued,"opening one of the acupuncture points on the superpower lock will generate inner strength and allow one to step into the tenth slash realm! The process of the tenth realm could be divided into four small levels, which gave people a sense of progress and prevented them from suffering in the early stage of cultivation. "The ten decapitation realm is divided into early, middle, late, and peak stages. In each stage, nine apertures are opened as a class. Opening 36 apertures, completing a small cycle, and inner strength will burst out. The cycle will be opened and you will break through 100. This is the release of inner strength!"
  "At this stage, we will use thirty-six locks as a base cycle. This is also the minimum number we have found that can complete a cycle. Thirty-six locks!"
 "Every time an aperture is unlocked, I'll be able to complete a basic cycle. I'm now above level 100!"
 The crowd nodded again.
 Yuan Shuo continued,"these 36 super locks are not fixed. In fact, they can be adjusted according to different cultivation techniques. However, this will be a topic for later. For now, we will use the 'air breaking technique' as the foundation. This is also the most stable cultivation technique. It is modified according to the 'secret technique of five birds'."
 The first step was to stabilize the situation.
 If you want something unique ... You have to create it yourself!
 There were countless super locks and they were only at the beginning stage. They did not have the time to explore further.
 Yuan Shuo continued,"unlocking 36 acupuncture points on 36 of the locks and completing the first cycle is to break through 100!" "Breaking through 100 is also divided into four stages: the peak of middle, middle, and late stages. As usual, nine apertures are divided into four stages. After devouring the cultivation of 72 apertures, you will be at the peak of breaking 100!"
 The crowd nodded again.
 Yuan Shuo continued,"when you reach the thousand-man fighting stage, you'll usually comprehend force ... But at this stage, force is too difficult to comprehend, so we temporarily excluded force. With the fool-like cultivation as the foundation, we broke 100 and opened 72 apertures. The thousand-man fighting stage started from 73 apertures ..."

 "However, in this stage, you can't just use 9 apertures as a level anymore. Instead, you have to use 36 apertures, which is a cycle and a small stage. In the middle stage of Qian warrior, you have to open 108 apertures. In the later stage, you have to open 144 apertures. At the peak, you have to open 180 apertures.
 Yuan Shuo smiled."At this moment, I have 36 superpower locks and 360 acupuncture points. Half of them have been unlocked. Although I don't have the power of 18 types of god art, I think I'm not too weak. The current martial artist should be much stronger than the current combat Qian."
 "After Qian combat, I originally defined it as the accumulation of spirit, but it's not suitable now ... At this stage, there's no need to accumulate spirit. At this stage, the martial artist is still in the stage of strengthening the body ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao frowned and said,"" 180 apertures opened at the pinnacle of the warrior tide. I can't be so enlightened in the next stage ..."
 Yuan Shuo looked at him.
 Although Li Hao was his disciple, he was also the discoverer and promoter of the new martial arts. Li Hao had been working tirelessly these days to check for any flaws. He had to listen to Li Hao's opinion.
 "You're saying ..."
 "The teacher isn't going to make everyone open 36 apertures in the next stage, is he?"
 Yuan Shuo nodded and said,"it's easy to drive it in this cycle mode ..."
  "No!"
 Li Hao shook his head."Teacher, at this point, we can't open it like this. More than half of the Dao Meridian has been opened. If we open it again, the Dao Meridian will collapse instantly. If we open more than half of it, the rest will not be able to be sealed. That will cause the collapse of all 36 Dao meridians instantly ... I've been trying for the past few days. Who can withstand the explosive power of 36 meridians? Teacher is taking things for granted. "
 Yuan Shuo frowned,"collapse?" No way, I've tried it before, and the mannequin can still continue to function ..."
 He wasn't going to do it recklessly, as it would cost him his life.
 However, Li Hao shook his head."The model is not a real person, after all. The model was built according to my template. If I don't collapse, it doesn't mean that others can do the same. I asked senior Zhang to weaken the model by half before opening the meridians. I found that after opening more than 180 apertures, all 36 Dao meridians will collapse because they don't have any power. They can't be suppressed!"
 "I can't believe there's such a sudden change ... Then ..." Yuan Shuo took a deep breath.
 Li Hao laughed."That's why you can't continue to open apertures in a cycle when you're above the warrior energy level. Instead, you have to open the remaining five apertures on each Dao Meridian and release the power of the Dao Meridian one by one!"
 "Won't that break the cycle?"Yuan Shuo raised his eyebrows.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "It won 'T. I've been experimenting with it since yesterday, and teacher didn't pay much attention to it. As everyone has seen, it shouldn't be a big problem ..."
 p Yuan Shuo looked at the crowd, and they all nodded.  Yuan Shuo was speechless. Why didn't you inform me when you saw it?  You've made me work for nothing all night!
 At this moment, everyone was so busy that their heads were all muddled, so how could they remember this?
 Li Hao also had a splitting headache, but he still managed to raise his spirits and said,""At the thousand warrior level, I should be able to walk in the air and fight in the air! Above the thousand-warrior tier, there is the courage to fight against tens of thousands of enemies, the ability to break mountains, and the God to open seas ... This level should be called the mountain sea!"
 Li Hao's smile was brilliant,"I can break mountains and seas with my moves!" I have the power to break mountains and break seas. What do you think?"
 Everyone's heart warmed.
 Break the mountains and seas!
 A Martial Master who had reached this stage could indeed break through the mountains and seas.
 This was a true legend, a God on earth.
 "I can break through mountains and seas, pluck the stars, and even capture the sun and moon ... A Martial Master at this stage is like a god!" Tian Jian mumbled.
 Li Hao nodded,"that's right. There are nine levels of the mountain sea!" The first layer opened one Meridian, the first opened five apertures, and the ninth layer of the mountain and sea realm, the power of nine meridians! The attribute-less divine ability was slightly weaker among the nine divine abilities, but the nine divine abilities could be comparable to the Paragon, the previous seven or even eight divine abilities ... His body would only be stronger! "He can even match a true peak neo martial rank-9 and even kill him ..."
  Li Hao said excitedly,"this realm, the mountain and sea realm!" The nine Heavens of the mountain and sea realm, the pinnacle of the mountain and sea realm, all nine meridians opened. The remaining half of the Dao Meridian power ... Is definitely more than seven elements!"
 There were nine levels of mountains and seas!
 Everyone muttered to themselves, all of them extremely excited.
 I have the power of the mountains and seas!
 That's right. At this moment, everyone knew that according to Li Hao's classification, they were all at the mountain sea level and had the ability to break through the mountain sea level.
 "Then ... We are all cultivators of the mountains and seas?" Tian Jian mumbled.
 Li Hao nodded."That's right. Regardless of whether we have seven or eight divine powers ... My idea is that elemental-less Dao meridians should be classified according to the combat strength standards of our era, while elemental divine powers, such as us ... Should be classified according to neo martial arts, which have origins!"
 Li Hao was extremely serious."In other words, divine text cultivators should be able to match neo martial artists of the same level. It's not that they're one level lower. We ... Are definitely not one level lower than them!" "Pure martial arts cultivators can be weaker than others, but we can 't. Even if we're called mountain seas after reaching the nine branches, our mountain seas, us divine text cultivators, should be able to fight even more powerful people!"
 Everyone's blood boiled as they listened."In that case, the mountain sea realm includes those below the peak of the neo martial realm, and our nine types of remarkable powers are stronger than strong practitioners at the same level of the neo martial realm. Our nine types of remarkable powers were also stronger than their half-step to peak of the neo martial realm in their era, right?"

 Li Hao nodded!
 Hei Teng and the others were speechless. What a childish bunch.
 If he had to lower himself by a level and then compare himself with those below the absolute peak, was there any meaning to it?
 Of course, according to Li Hao's classification, the nine levels of the mountain sea realm of this era were indeed more powerful than some rank-nines in the past if they were purely martial cultivators. As for Li Hao's nine-elemental magical powers with attributes, they were indeed more powerful than those at the peak of rank-nine.
 However ... In this era, nine elements were enough to reach the peak, okay? even seven elements were enough!
 This was equivalent to Li Hao and the others lowering their own status. What else could they say?
 Everyone was extremely excited when they heard this.
 They did not care about this.
 As long as Li Hao felt that it was right, they would feel the same.
 Furthermore, they had not counted the attribute-less meridians that they had opened in their limbs previously, so there was no increase in their strength at all. Now that they had opened nine meridians, according to the previous calculation, they would only have five divine powers ... Of course, half of the other Dao meridians had been opened, so it was difficult to calculate clearly.
  "We at the ninth level of the mountain and sea realm can fight against your paragons, even if they still have their essences ... We can fight against those of a higher level. As for that level, it's different to begin with, and the system is different. However, everyone still likes to compare themselves in this way.
 Comfortable!
 Li Hao smiled."I've opened nine meridians, and I'm left with 27 Dao meridians. Half of them haven't been opened yet. From the tenth Meridian to the 36th Meridian, I can rival the peak of the new martial era. A pure warrior needs to rival the peak of this era, but as usual, we, the cultivators with magical powers, can still rival the peak of the origin era!"
 "This stage should also be divided into nine stages. The first stage should open three meridians, the first stage should open the remaining 15 apertures, and the ninth stage should open 27 Dao meridians. Once you're done opening all of them, you'll reach the ninth stage realm and you can fight any peak in this era. That's right!"
 "As for us divine text cultivators, at this time, we can break the void, break the sky, and rival the peak of the origin in the new martial era ... This is also what we pursue!"
 After saying that, Li Hao added, this realm should be called the sun Moon!
 Li Hao smiled."Senior Heavenly Sword, you're right. You can pluck the stars with your hands and capture the sun and moon. Martial masters of my generation should have such lofty aspirations!" To compete with the sun and the moon!"
 As soon as these words came out, everyone was in an uproar.
 He nodded!
 All of them were overjoyed once again.
 "I can split mountains and seas, capture the sun and moon, break the void, and be invincible in the world. Neo Daoist, do you dare to compete with neo martial for glory?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had never thought about it before.
 "Our Dao is here. Divine text cultivators can fight against powerful warriors who still have their essences. At this moment, they have transformed divine text cultivators into higher existences. We ... Will definitely create glory in the path of martial arts once again!
 On the side, hei Teng didn't say anything. Li Hao and the others kept talking about neo martial arts, which was actually a good thing. It showed that they knew respect, fear, and the power of neo martial arts.
 This was a form of recognition!
 If you were weak ... Who would care about you?
 This also meant that Li Hao and the others knew that neo martial arts was extremely glorious. At this moment, they were only ambitious and wanted to catch up, so they didn't care too much.
 Li Hao laughed."That's all the levels for now. It's too high. It's a bit ridiculous!" "At the current stage, it's very, very difficult to open 36 meridians. There aren't many people who can do it. Even for us, if we want to open 36 meridians, we'll have to mix them with divine power meridians ... It's not that simple."
  If one didn't understand the higher realms, it would be impossible to build it rashly.  There was no theoretical support and no basis.
 However, the path was right in front of him.
 Everyone knew that there was still a long way to go, and that was enough.
 Li Hao laughed,"slashing ten, breaking hundred, and fighting thousand, Four Realms each!" The mountains and seas, the sun and moon, each had nine stages! "From 180 apertures at the pinnacle of the thousand warrior stage to 225 apertures at the pinnacle of the mountain and sea stage, then to the pinnacle of the sun and moon stage with 360 apertures, 360 apertures, and finally 36 Dao meridians. When they combine into one, there will be fewer aperture acupoints ... At that time, to us, every aperture will be a divine power, every aperture will be a divine text, and every aperture will be a combat technique. This is the true essence of cultivation!"
 Everyone laughed out loud!
 They felt that they should remember this day for the rest of their lives.
 A new recipe!
 They had derived and integrated it together. Although it was still very shallow, there was only one cultivation technique and only one type of 36 Meridian cycle, in fact, it was still in its budding stage.
 However, a newly-formed new Dao was already very powerful.
 This was something that could be promoted!
 It could be popularized!
 Only the universal Dao was the true great Dao.
 Furthermore, the problem with their bodies had been completely resolved. During the process of opening apertures, their bodies would receive energy from the bright star realm in return. From now on, they no longer had to worry about their bodies.
 The group of people were ecstatic!
 It was an honor!
 "The great Dao is in the heavens, and man can conquer the heavens. We ... Will open up a new Dao, and walk a new Dao. The heavens will not choose us, we will control the heavens!"
 Li Hao also laughed heartily. His aura overflowed, and divine runes condensed.
  At that moment, a Holy prose appeared naturally.
 Dao!
 Yes, it was the divine text of the word 'Dao'.
 He had actually created a divine rune out of thin air.
 At this moment, the divine text suddenly changed. Many faces and experts appeared. There was Yuan Shuo, sky sword, Overlord blade, North fist ...
 Everyone present was imprinted in it.
 Even the black Phoenix, the Black Panther, and the fey plants present were presented on the stage ...
 At this moment, heaven and earth seemed to have changed.
 Creating a new Dao, competing with heaven's will!
 …………

 In the outside world.
 Thunder and lightning struck.
 The wind howled!
 Lightning flashed and Thunder rumbled. The world was dark.
 Only heaven and earth could create a Dao.
 Someone created the Dao, opened the Dao, and seized the Dao of heaven!
 The ignorant heaven's will was roaring.
 The Heaven's Will was a little confused. Perhaps it was also thinking that there were people who dared to snatch the heavenly Dao?
 When the Heaven's Will was formed, it would naturally be able to open the heavenly Dao.
 Someone had plucked the peaches before the Heaven's Will was formed?
  Of course, the Heaven's Will was still too ignorant at this moment. It had just given birth to a wisp of consciousness and had broken away from the suppression of the origin world. It didn't quite understand what this meant, so it could only use the might of the heavens to stir up the world.
 Heaven's will could not be disobeyed!
 In my world, I am the master.
 ……
 In all directions, there were ruins.
 At this moment, there was actually lightning and thunder.
 In heaven battling city.
 The ninth Division commander and the others appeared. They were in disbelief and muttered,""Heaven's will invaded the ruins, and the new martial's protection ... Has it disappeared?"
 This was not a good sign.
 Of course, this was not a bad thing.
 This meant that perhaps soon, the relic would no longer provide them with protection. However, it also meant that perhaps soon, they would be able to walk out of the relic because the relic had become one with the world.
 The world was about to recover!
 "Why did it speed up again?"
 The old turtle couldn't understand and said in shock,""If there are no large mines being destroyed, why is the recovery of the world accelerating time and time again? it would have taken at least three to five years, but now ... Do we need another year?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Why did it accelerate time and time again?
 Was the Heaven's Will so eager to let the new martial era's powerhouses appear?
 Or did something else happen that they didn't know about?
 It was too strange!
 It was so strange that they could not understand.
 ……
 At this moment, not only in heaven battling city, but also in the entire city.
 There were some fluctuations in the major cities and ruins.
 The land of the Silver Moon was filled with lightning and thunder. In the sky above the Silver City, many figures appeared. They were extremely powerful, as if they were separated by a universe and an era. Some were waving their swords, and some were cutting through the sky.
 "Fight!"
 Between heaven and earth, there was a faint sound. One could even vaguely see an Army of tens of millions. Their qi and blood rushed to the heaven and earth, and their fighting spirit broke the firmament.
 It was as if ... The Army had set out in the past.
 The Silver Moon Army was led by the sword Saint. Tens of millions of troops went out of the Silver Moon to fight against the rebels.
 Director Zhao, who was still standing guard, was stunned when he saw this scene.
 Heavens!  Who can tell me? so what?
 Who can tell me why the scene of the new martial arts world's expedition countless years ago appeared?
 Yes, he could tell.
 This was just the projection of an expert.
 Countless years ago, venerable the sword led millions of Silver Moon soldiers across the Stargate and conquered the universe. But ... Why was this happening now?
 ……
 In the underground ruins.
 The word 'Dao' flickered and lightning struck. Hei Teng and director Wang were both shocked and surprised. They looked up at the sky. There was actually lightning here!
 What kind of divine text was that?
 The text of the great Dao?
 Hei Teng carefully observed it and felt that it was dazzling. If even he felt that it was dazzling, one could imagine how dazzling it was.
 "The primary instruction of the great Dao!" He mumbled after looking at it for a while.
 Li Hao, as the person who had integrated, participated, and discovered the new Dao, everyone believed that Li Hao was the one who had created the new Dao. That was why Li Hao had been born with a divine rune, the general outline of the great Dao!
 It was simply unbelievable!
 There was such a thing?
 Hei Teng looked at the divine rune again, and Li Hao did the same. He looked confused and weird. After a long time, he suddenly laughed."This is good. With this, my Dao Meridian and divine power can be integrated into it, just like junior uncle Hong's sword text. I didn't expect to get a bargain. Junior uncle Hong, the ever-changing divine text is no longer yours!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he used the Dao cultural Divine Art!
 Lightning, wind, rain ...
 Everyone was also envious, and their thoughts were floating.
 "The great Dao condensing spirit text ..."
 The hearts of Yuan Shuo and the others also swayed.
 This ... He was really envious.
 Even Hong Yitang smiled bitterly.""No, no, no, yours ... Seems to have combined all the momentum and path of discovery. I think it's more promising than mine!"
 Li Hao laughed."No, it was born from heaven and earth. Although it's not bad, it's the will of man. It's a good item in the world of Silvermoon, but it's just an ordinary piece of divine text outside of the world of Silvermoon!"
 At this moment, Li Hao had some enlightenment.
 This divine text would definitely be very useful in the Silvermoon world, but outside ... There was actually no difference. It was formed by the condensation of this world, but there was not much special about it outside.
 If he had kept it in Silver Moon, this divine text would have been unbelievable. It might have been able to control ten thousand DAOs.
 But ... Would Li Hao consider Silver Moon his lifelong goal?
  No!
 He would not.
 I've seen a much wider world, so why should I stay here for the rest of my life?
 This is my hometown, and the fallen leaves will return to their roots. But I'm still so young, so of course I have to go out and have a look. I have to look at the great thousand universe, see the invincible human King, see the Supreme venerable that is respected by tens of thousands of people, and see Emperor Cang who controls half of the origin world ...
 Then, he looked at the blood Emperor, who had shattered the world with a single slash. Perhaps, he could also look at the principal, who Zhang an could not forget ...
 How interesting!
 I still want to see the chaos of the universe ...
 Therefore, he was happy with this "Dao" text, but he was not crazy. It was just a text of the general outline of the great Dao condensed from the small world.
 What's the big deal!
 Li Hao put away the divine text with a smile and continued,""The new Dao can be promoted, but what about the Old and New martial masters and superpowers?"

 "Martial masters are fine. They can be converted quickly, and martial masters above the warrior Qian level have a great advantage ..."
 "What about superpowers?"
 Li Hao continued,"the superpower broke the superpower lock. Some of them might be one of the thirty-six superlocks. How do we help them recover? we won't have to start from the beginning. Instead, we have to integrate our current strength into it and convert it. This is the next problem that we have to think about and do. Otherwise ... We'll have to start all over again. It's not fair to those people, and it's not good for us either!"
 Everyone nodded.
 "Actually, there are other ways," Li Hao said."At this stage, most of the people who can break the Super locks have elemental abilities that can gather divine text! "Starlight, Dark Moon, brilliant sun, three suns, and sunrise, break the four limb super locks, as well as the five viscera lock. For superpowers without special abilities, breaking the four limb super locks can be considered as developing the first four tiers of the mountain and sea realm in advance ... However, you have to find a way to solve the problem of their cycle breaking. As for the five viscera Super Lock, just form a divine text!"
 The crowd nodded again.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "The superpower locks on all four limbs are among the thirty-six," Yuan Shuo said."It's just that they were broken early, causing the cycle to be unstable. However, at this stage, my body is stronger than the average person 'S. I've endured the explosion, so it's not a big problem for my cycle to be broken a little! They're not normal people and can withstand even more damage. Superpowers are destructive energy. They're attacked by both internal and external forces. Superpowers can also withstand the pain of mysterious energy ... So, it's not a serious problem. It's just that Sunglow needs to condense a Holy prose, so he needs to pass down the Holy prose ..."
 He looked at Li Hao and asked,"Are you sure?"
 The secret technique of five birds had turned into the air breaking technique, and he was willing to pass it on to train a group of martial artists.
  However, if the method of condensing divine text was passed down ... It would nurture a group of divine text cultivators.
 This was their advantage.
 "What do you think, teacher?" Li Hao asked with a smile.
 Yuan Shuo was silent for a moment before he said,"we can, but ... At this stage, the strong enemy has not been eliminated yet. I think we should pass on the night-breaking technique first. We can turn cultivators below the rising sun into martial masters without any power or divine abilities!" "As for sunrise and divine abilities, they're only a minority, so we can wait for a while. Furthermore, those at this level are either our enemies or our own people. Our own people will be taught, but our enemies ... Don't need to!"
 At this stage, be it Sunglow or sacred art, he was already an Overlord.
 Yuan Shuo felt that there was no need to spread the news.
 As for other cultivators, they would also have a series of magical powers. For example, the weakest Starlight master would have a series of magical powers of the five internal organs. However, this did not matter much. They would only break one Meridian. For the time being, the meridians of the five internal organs were not among the 36. They could be temporarily abandoned, and it would not affect their combat power much.
 Only Sunglow and divine powers, with one less Meridian and one less realm, would have a huge difference in combat power.
 This was also the reason why Yuan Shuo had told him not to impart the divine text.  Young master three Yang's line had become sunlit, so their strength had been weakened. However, after spreading the "air breaking technique," these people would quickly catch up, so it wasn't a big problem.
 Hearing this, Li Hao smiled and nodded.""Teacher's words are wise and reasonable! Whether it was sunguang or his magical powers, he was either an enemy or one of their own, and there was almost no one who was neutral! The method of not passing on the divine text doesn't affect anything. "
 ? "Spread out the air-breaking technique to absorb the energy of the world," he said."The world is about to recover. However, once tens of millions of people cultivate, the energy of the world will be absorbed ... Hahaha, I want to recover a second time and delay it!"
 Then, Li Hao continued,"but there are too many people cultivating. Martial masters need to replenish their qi and blood, replenish their bodies, and replenish their nutrients. Although divine rice is powerful, there's too little of it. Moreover, they also need to eat blood. They can't always eat rice ..."
 "The monster plant can be used to cultivate food, but flesh and blood ..."
 Li Hao pondered for a while and looked at Black Panther.
 Heibao showed an innocent face. "Why are you looking at me?"
  You want to eat meat?
 I'm just a dog. Even if you want to eat me and the whole world Eats me, it's not enough!
 "Yes," Yuan Shuo added."Although the bright star sector will give back energy, it also requires external forces to guide it, and cultivation also needs to start. At this stage, we do need some nutrients ... But ..."
 He smiled."We don't necessarily need blood and flesh. In the new martial era, it's said that there are pills that can saturated qi and blood. These are said to be made from some medicinal herbs. It's a new path of alchemy!"
 On the side, hei Teng suddenly said,"it's an item to replenish qi and blood. The effect of the pill is not bad, and it's very easy to refine. If you open the Lu Zhen Research Institute, there should be a lot of records. This is because the qi and blood pill was developed by Minister Lu back then. It was promoted by him since the beginning of the new martial arts ... But in this era, these herbs ..."
 Speaking of this, he thought for a moment and said,"the world has just been restored, and it's very similar to the neo martial world at that time. It shouldn't be lacking in these things. However, there might be some differences, and you'll need to replace them yourselves!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. The Lu Zhen Research Institute has research in this area?
 "I've already said that the vitality pill was derived by that person."
 "Chief Lu Zhen," hei Teng said calmly."He's teacher Wang's father and our ancestor. He's a top researcher in the early stage of neo martial. Even if this is just a branch of the Research Institute led by his student, these things are just the foundation!"

