fileno%d
, his expression changed.
 This person ... Was not weak!
 In fact, he wasn't any weaker than him!
 He wasn't a Silver Moon Martial Master, but he felt very powerful. He must be at least at the peak of six elements. Peak of six elements ... She quickly recalled the peak of six elements on the Billboard. After a long time, she suddenly thought of one person.
 It was unbelievable!
 Chen Zhongtian?
 Was it him?
 She had never seen how Chen Zhongtian looked like when he was young, but she had seen how he looked like when he was old. If she were to compare them ... They were indeed a little similar.
 When he looked at the two people behind Li Hao, he couldn't see anything. He only felt that they didn't look alive.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for the horse beside Li Hao ... The ugly horse ... It was probably ... That dog?
  All of this happened in a flash. Lin Hongyu snapped back to her senses and smiled at the group."Welcome ..."
 She did not know how to address him.
 These people were too bold to come here directly.
 "Just call me brother mo, don't be polite!"
 “……”
 Lin Hongyu was stunned for a moment. Soon, she forced a smile and said,"Mo ... Brother mo? Please come in, I thought you would only arrive tomorrow ..."
 "I just arrived. It's the same for today and tomorrow."
 Li Hao directly entered, and the others followed him.
 At this moment, not far away, a group of old men walked over with an imposing aura. The old man who was leading the group said angrily,""Hongyu, you ..."
 BOOM!
 Lin Hongyu's eyes turned cold as a powerful aura burst forth."Get lost! Don't you see that I'm entertaining a guest? Get back!"
 His aura instantly exploded, giving the people opposite him a shock.
 In the next moment, he glanced at Li Hao and the others, then turned around and left dejectedly.
 Lin Hongyu's murderous intent gave them a fright. They were all curious about what kind of guest she was entertaining.
 Lin Hongyu rarely lost her temper, but she was so angry today.
 "I'm embarrassed!"
 Lin Hongyu retracted her aura and smiled.""The people in the family are old and not very clear-headed. In the past, I couldn't be bothered to argue with them, but they have gone too far."
 Li Hao laughed."I'm impressed. You're quite capable to be the city Lord of SuperPower City with this bunch of burdens!"
 Lin Hongyu led them to the backyard and said with a smile,""Strength is the key! Of course, there are times when I'm envious. For example, you ... Brother mo, every time something happens, someone will help you. "
 "That's true. "
 Li Hao nodded. Silver moon's martial arts culture was still alright. At the very least, he was very loyal.
 Lin Hongyu said as she walked,"this time, I'm here ... Everyone?"
 There were too few people!
  Even if he couldn't recruit all of Silvermoon's experts, he should at least bring a few more people.  "There's someone else. "
 "That's good. "
 Lin Hongyu was slightly relieved and said,""Then, how does brother mo plan to act tomorrow? What's the specific plan?"
 "How do we start? A plan?"
 Li Hao was stunned."It's very simple. When everyone is here, I'll seal the area and kill those who aren't convinced, those who cause trouble, those who should be killed, and those who are obedient, stay. Isn't that it?"
 “……”
 Lin Hongyu was stunned.
 Just like this?
 She couldn't hold it in."There might really be close to 100 magical powers tomorrow. What I mean is that at the start of the meeting tomorrow, I'll first mention the matter of cooperating with you. I think there will still be people who will support it. We'll first rope in a group of people and a group of neutral people. Then, I'll make the first move. Don't be anxious, Governor. When I have some advantages, you'll make your move ..."
 "It's too troublesome!"Li Hao shook his head.
 “……”
 Lin Hongyu almost cursed out loud. 'I know you're strong, but how many people are there?
 Tomorrow, when the powerhouses of the families use their world-suppressing divine weapons, even if one of them is not as good as the seven lineages, what about three to five of them?
 Do you really think you're invincible?
 I didn't get the world-suppressing divine weapon, or I wouldn't be afraid of you!
 I thought you came early to discuss the plan with me and make all the preparations. So you're just here to go through the motions?
 She was scolding him in her heart, but she still had a smile on her face, looking very generous.
 Li Hao seemed to know that she was scolding him in her heart. He smiled and said,""Why should simple things be complicated? Don't worry, I'll be by your side tomorrow. Just tell me who you can't keep. Kill them first to intimidate everyone, and then deal with them one by one ..."
 "No, I mean ..."
 "Since you don't have any confidence in me, why did you come to me?" Li Hao looked at her.
 Lin Hongyu frowned."That's not what I meant. It's just that there are a lot of powerful people this time!"
 "I know!"
  Li Hao nodded."Seven 6-element and three 7-element. Can such strength make you feel at ease?"
 Lin Hongyu was stunned.
 Li Hao said casually,"more than half of them are at the peak of the six-element level. They can even resist seven-element cultivators. Do you think ... They're enough?" If you think it's not enough, I'll call for more people when there's still time. "
 Lin Hongyu was flabbergasted.
 Are you kidding me?
 At this moment, a faint Origin Energy spread out from her body. The next moment, another voice sounded,""Governor li ... Is really ... Impressive!"
 Li Hao smiled."I'm sorry for killing an avatar of yours, but you're much stronger than I expected. You created another avatar that's close to the peak level so quickly after killing one. I'm afraid you're not weak even among the undying."
 At this moment, heaven and earth were sealed, and a domain appeared.
 The clone of the red shirt tree felt a sense of suppression.
 "You're overpraising me, but ... The two people behind Governor li ..."It quickly said.

 "A student from Yuanping martial arts university."
 ,m "I see!"  The Redwood tree seemed to know, and its voice was humble.""Greetings to the two ... Princes."
 The two feline robots were too lazy to reply.
 They didn't like the title 'Prince', but some demons liked to call him that. It was hard for them to correct him, but they usually didn't care.
 The Redwood tree did not seem to mind, or perhaps it had been like this in the past and had long been used to it.
 "If that's the case," he said to Lin Hongyu,"then there's nothing to worry about. With the two princes here, there shouldn't be any problems."
 The people from Yuanping martial arts university had extraordinary backgrounds. Even if they could not see anything, they knew that they were not ordinary.
 Li Hao smiled."Don't say that, senior. I might need your help tomorrow."
 "I don't dare, this old man has the heart but is powerless ..."
  "How could that be!"
 Li Hao laughed."After dealing with these people tomorrow, I still want to deal with those monster plants. Senior's main body, come with me tomorrow. Let's cut the weeds and eliminate the roots!"
 “……”
 The Redwood tree was stunned.
 "Senior's original body is not weak. I've tried to use my domain to seal the world and prevent the origin from leaking out. I can't go too far, so there's a high chance that they're nearby. If we kill our way into the ruins and destroy their original bodies, senior can obtain the origin power, and we can also eliminate them at the root. Why not?"
 The Redwood tree almost choked to death!
 I f * cking thought I didn't have to interfere, but you're actually preparing to kill the monster plant itself!
 "Senior ... What do you think?" Li Hao asked with a smile.
 Hong Shan quickly thought of something, and Li Hao said,""If senior is unwilling, it's fine. I'll deal with it later, but ... If you miss this opportunity, senior probably won't have the chance to devour so much Origin Energy again. It's just that I'm considering that the other 11 monster plants have average abilities and are not even as good as you, senior. That's why you have the chance to be a senior. "
 Hong Shan quickly fell into deep thought and said after a long while,""This ... Those fellow Daoists are my old acquaintances, after all. They all know each other ..."
 "Then forget it!"
 "No, no, no. I mean, it's too painful for them to live. They've been struggling on the edge of life and death. I'll ... Help them free themselves!"
 Lin Hongyu was stunned!
 Was this ... The same thing that the timid and cautious venerable Hong Shan had said?  The Redwood tree naturally had its own thoughts.
 At that moment, it was thinking that since the two princes of Yuanping martial arts university were present, it might not have a chance if it did not participate.
 Since that was the case ... He would take a gamble!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The young man in front of him was indeed terrifying.
 Just this so-called domain alone made it feel that this world was about to change.
 At that moment, it felt that Lin Hongyu was right.
 If he continued to put up a stubborn resistance, he might really be in deep trouble.
 He did not expect Lin Hongyu to have such good taste.
 The other party also had the support of heaven battling city and Yuanping martial arts university. It was clear that they had a strong backer. The Redwood tree naturally made a decision and thought about it immediately. Instead of letting other monster plants benefit, why not ... Let me go?
 Lin Hongyu was also extremely shocked at this moment. She did not expect that Sequoia would join the enemy so quickly.
 Wasn't it cursing and swearing earlier?
 He cursed in his heart, but soon, he smiled.""Then ... I wish you all the best tomorrow!"
 Li Hao laughed."It'll definitely go well. If it doesn 't, it'll mean that city Lord Lin has leaked the information."
  “……”
 Lin Hongyu was left speechless.
 ……
 On this day, SuperPower City was bustling with activity.
 Some people knew that the Lin family had a guest, but Lin Hongyu brought her to the backyard, so the Lin family didn't dare to ask. The others didn't dare to ask either. No one wanted to fight for the position of the city Lord anyway. Although they did care, they didn't take it too seriously.
 Could it be that Lin Hongyu had invited a helper to help the Lin family obtain one or two positions as cabinet elders?
 Besides, he had come openly and not sneakily. No one would think that it was Li Hao. They would rather think that he was an expert from the Jade flute master and the setting sun Master.
 Under such circumstances, the night passed in a state of impatience.
 The meeting of the elders in SuperPower City was about to begin.
 This might mean that the city of superpower was officially on its way to becoming the king of the land.

 On the second day.
 City Lord's mansion.
 The meeting of the cabinet elders was held in the city Lord's mansion.
 Since the morning, the huge square in the city Lord's mansion had been full of people. Many experts had come from outside with their followers or relatives.
 The twelve aristocratic families had been the overlords of the martial arts world many years ago.
 Some of them even came from Silver Moon.
 The Silvermoon martial forest had always been a Holy Land for martial arts. However, due to the internal strife, some of the families that had moved out were able to develop.
 In the past, the twelve families had even sent people to Silver Moon to retrieve the secret technique.
 Of course, the outcome wasn't too good.
 At this moment, the 12 families each occupied one side. In the center was a huge arena. Other than that, the Rogue cultivators only had one side of the arena. The other side of the arena was for the forces that had come to watch the battle.
  The Council meeting didn't stop the major forces from watching.
 ……
 Because of Lin Hongyu, the Lin family was in control of the entire place. Right now, there were many powerful cultivators, both young and old, gathered here.
 Many people were looking for Lin Hongyu.
 After that woman's rage yesterday, the family had been quiet for a while. However, now that she was not around, some of the elders could not help but curse softly. As the city Lord, why did Lin Hongyu not come earlier at such an important moment? why did she have to appear last?
 "Is she still in the backyard?"
 "Great elder, he's still here."
 "Bastard!"
 The great elder cursed in a low voice. No matter what, she was still a woman. She had spent a night in the backyard with those people and ruined the reputation of the sect.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The Lin family had only one thought for Lin Hongyu. They would either spend the rest of her life alone or marry into her family. Of course, the elders of the family would have to decide who to marry.
 Otherwise, wouldn't the Lin family's business be taken away by Lin Hongyu?
 The elders 'faces turned ugly when they thought of the pretty boy who had led the donkey yesterday.
 They didn't recognize the young Chen Zhongtian, but the young Chen Zhongtian did look like a pretty boy.
 It was bustling with activity as various forces had arrived.
 There were a total of 14 platforms, and they were all filled with people.
 The mystery could engulf the world.
 This scene caused the spectating experts to change their expressions.
 The twelve aristocratic families indeed had a deep foundation!
 On top of that, some of the 12 aristocratic families had also brought powerful demonic beasts with them. There were not many demonic clans at the moment, and Phoenix Mountain was the main force of the demonic clan.
 On the continent, there were not many powerful demon forces.
 As a result, a large number of demons had nowhere to go. SuperPower City was the trading center of the world and there were many demons here. Some were captured, while others took the initiative to join.
  ……  The observation platform.
 At this time, the eight divisions, the imperial family, and even the three major organizations had sent people over. They all had serious expressions.
 "There are quite a few experts."
 "Yeah, the twelve families are quiet. I didn't expect them to have a group of God Arts."
 "It's all Li Hao's fault. If he hadn't killed so many experts, the light of dawn would have become a magical power. How many experts of the nine divisions and the three major organizations have he killed?"
 Someone cursed in his mind.
 Li Hao's side had killed too many experts. They had dozens of divine powers, not to mention the rising lights. According to their progress, they would have the chance to attain divine powers if they had enough resources.
 If not for that, there would be at least 40 to 50 more remarkable powerhouses now.
 This was not a small number!
 A large number of powerhouses had died at the hands of Li Hao's group.
 At the mention of Li Hao, someone laughed."Li Hao has been competing with Fengyun Pavilion recently, so he hasn't been looking for trouble. I hope Fengyun Pavilion can keep him busy for a while."
 "I heard that Li Hao left the stellarsky city two days ago. Someone saw him go to the heavenly Sword villa, and then there was no news of him ... It's better that he came to the city of superpowers."
 Everyone laughed when they heard this.
 It was a meaningful smile!
 The city of supers suffered little losses. A few superpowers were killed, but they were not powerful superpowers. To the dozen families, many of them did not even suffer any damage.
 On the other hand, with Li Hao's trouble, many supers came here to seek protection from the major families. The power of the city of supers grew.
 Everyone would only be happy if Li Hao really came.
 Whether the city of supers killed Li Hao or Li Hao killed the powerhouses of the city of supers, it was a good thing for them.
 Of course, such a good thing could not be thought of now.
 As they were talking, a group of people came from the backyard.
  Lin Hongyu took the lead!
 This woman was dressed in a red robe today. She looked valiant and heroic, and very festive.
 Everyone's eyes turned to that side.
 Lin Hongyu was accompanied by a few people who were wearing capes. No one noticed them. Some people saw them and were suspicious, but they did not say anything. Today was SuperPower city's home ground.
 As for whether these few people were pushed out by the Lin family to snatch the position of Pavilion elder, no one knew.
 Upon seeing Lin Hongyu, a well-built middle-aged man on the first platform on the left said,""City Lord Lin, we've been waiting for a long time. We're all waiting for your instructions on the constitution of the Council of Elders!"
 "Yeah, he's always been talking about choosing Gelao! "How should we choose? will it be a spar or something else? the city Lord hasn't come up with any specific rules, so we've let the other powerhouses see us as a joke ..."
 Some people were dissatisfied.
 Lin Hongyu did not give them much time. She only said that she would select the cabinet elders to take charge of the city but she did not have a concrete plan.
 Lin Hongyu ignored him and sat down at the head of the Lin family. She looked at the elders beside her and her face darkened."Move aside, this is the seat of an honored guest!"

 The elders were stunned and their faces turned red instantly!
 Impudent!
 Was Lin Hongyu crazy?
 ? To throw a tantrum at her own elder in front of all the families, was this woman crazy?
 What honored guest position? as elders, they were not even as good as a few outsiders?
 The first elder's face was flushed red. Beside him was his grandson, who was very young. At this moment, his face was also ugly,"Hong Yu, you ..."
 Lin Hongyu was also from this generation. In terms of age, she was a few years younger than the young man. At this moment, her face turned cold as she turned to look at him. "There's no hierarchy, is it your turn to call him by his name?"
 The man's expression instantly turned ugly.
 Everyone was a little surprised, but it quickly turned into laughter.
 Interesting!
  Now that they've come to watch the show, is the Lin family going to have an internal strife?
 Although the Council meeting had not started yet, it was not a bad idea to watch the Lin family. The other 11 families were also smiling brightly. Among the 12 families, the Lin family was the strongest. Lin Hongyu from the Lin family was extremely talented and powerful.
 Other than Lin Hongyu, there were nine other elders in the Lin family. Almost all of them had reached the divine power level. The first elder seemed to be a Martial Master, but he could also unleash the power of divine powers.
 This was also the reason why the Lin family was able to suppress the other families.
 An extremely powerful strength!
 The other clans also had divine abilities. Some had seven or eight divine abilities, while others had three or five. They were not weak either.
 However, they were not as powerful as Lin Hongyu and did not have as many Sacred Arts as the Lin family's Elder Council. They were naturally happy to see the Lin family having an internal conflict.
 Lin Hongyu glared at the first elder and the rest coldly. The first elder's face was livid.
 Seeing that everyone was watching, he cursed in his heart.
 However, he also thought that if they were to fall out now, the Lin family would become a laughing stock. Lin Hongyu, you B * stard. Just you wait. Once the family has a peak six-elemental combat power with a world-suppressing divine weapon, you will be the first one to be suppressed!
 As expected, he was an ungrateful Wolf!
 Countless thoughts ran through his mind, but a moment later, his face was still livid. He snorted and retreated to the second row. He glanced at Li Hao and the others with a cold look in his eyes. Where did these bastards come from?
 Seeing this, Lin Hongyu ignored him and looked at the crowd."The pavilion elder's choice is naturally based on strength!"
 "Let's focus on sparring!"She quickly said.
 "Of course, they're all powerhouses, at least at the divine power level ... Once they fight, the shockwaves will be too strong. In order to avoid hurting the supers in the city, the city Lord's mansion will be sealed off and no one is allowed to approach!"
 Her voice was cold."City guards, set the area within a thousand meters of the city Lord's mansion as a restricted area. No one is allowed to approach. Those who disobey will be ... Executed!"
 Outside the city Lord's mansion, there were many city guards. At that moment, a few generals replied loudly,""Yes, sir!"
 Soon, a large number of city guards spread out to drive away the nearby superpowers.
 The various clans didn't have any objections. A battle of magical powers was indeed no small matter, and it was only right to let those people go further away.  Moreover, they didn't want to be observed by these weak people.
 Only the strong had the right to watch the battle between the strong.
 "In order to prevent the shockwaves from spreading, destroying buildings and harming innocents ... The city Lord's mansion needs to be covered with divine weapons to prevent outsiders from spying on it!"
 After saying that, pieces of black square-shaped objects appeared in her hand.
 "Is there a need to?" someone frowned.
 "Why not?" Lin Hongyu asked coldly. The star governor's office is determined to take down the city of superpowers in case Li Hao and his people come to cause trouble and spy on our strength! Must you display your strength in front of others?"
 Everyone was silent.
 However, he didn't say anything. There were too many divine powers present. If it was sealed, then so be it. It could be broken at any time.
 Lin Hongyu threw out the black blocks.
 The cubes disappeared into the void, and gradually, a defensive shield appeared. Someone from the nine divisions and the imperial family took a look and said,""It's similar to our Sky Mirror fragment. It seems like the Lin family does have some Foundation ..."
 A layer of light started to cover the surroundings.
 Everyone just watched and did not stop him.
 At the same time, heaven and earth seemed to have been isolated.
 A wave of five elements slowly spread out in the surroundings. Lin Hongyu said calmly,""This is the five elements shield. It's hard to break through with divine arts. It's enough to support experts with divine arts in battle without spreading the shockwaves!"
 Everyone nodded slightly.
 A good treasure!
 To be able to withstand the damage from divine powers, it was considered a top-notch treasure at this time.
 Near Li Hao, Chen Zhongtian was a little speechless.
  What a bunch of F * cking idiots.
 He allowed Lin Hongyu to set everything up.
 Of course, overconfidence was also one of the reasons. There was no choice as there were too many divine powers. Everyone was very confident. With so many divine powers, they would have no problem dealing with the seven branches. Moreover, some people had origin source avatars or world-suppressing divine weapons.
 What could a mere defensive barrier do to them?
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was controlling the divine runes to seal off the area.
 Those black square fragments were the mirror fragments from before. Li Hao had obtained six of them, including those from the inspector's office.
 Now, he had set up one in front, back, left, right, up, down.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In addition, the five elements divine runes had sealed off the surrounding area. It could be said that this place had instantly become a cage. Of course, in the eyes of those experts, they had dozens or even hundreds of divine abilities. A mere ancient divine weapon Shield could be easily broken.
 Everyone just looked on helplessly. When the light shield disappeared and the five elements disappeared, everyone felt as if the surrounding space had been sealed.
 Just as someone was about to say something, Lin Hongyu said in a low voice,""This time, the Council of Elders is not for power and profit. It is to defend against a possible attack from the star military governor's office!"

 "The Council of cabinet elders has been successfully established. The cabinet elders are not just for enjoyment. I may join forces with other parties and initiate an attack on the star military governor's office. If there is anyone who is unwilling, afraid, or afraid of death, you can step forward now. The city of supers does not need people who are half-hearted!"
 As soon as he said this, everyone burst into laughter. The burly man who spoke earlier laughed and said,""That's exactly what I want! The star military governor's office is arrogant and despotic, and even wants to set rules for the world's transcendents. Li Hao's hair hasn't even grown yet, but his tone isn't small!"
 "That's good. The star governor's mansion is famous now. If we can destroy them ... We will be able to rise to the next level!"
 "That's right, we should start with them. However, the Silver Moon is not weak. We should join forces. Today, the three great organizations of the nine Imperial families are all here, and we have countless experts. How can we allow Li Hao to be so arrogant?"
 "Silver Moon and the others are only cultivating a secret technique that we don't want. They've always thought of themselves as the Orthodox lineage of the martial arts world. What a joke!"
 “……”
 The family heads quickly spoke.
 Attacking the Heavenly Star military governor's office was a good thing.
 Of course, the premise was to rope in other people. Otherwise, the city of superpower would suffer heavy losses.
 While they were discussing, Lin Hongyu said in a low voice,""Is there anyone who wants to quit? If you back out now, I won't hold you accountable. Otherwise, if you run away in the middle of a battle, you'll be sentenced to death!"
  She looked at the wandering cultivators and saw that there were dozens of them. Lin Hongyu said in a deep voice,""All of you are independent cultivators. You are free and unrestrained. If you insist on participating in the election of Pavilion elders, there is no way out!"
 Among the wandering cultivators, an old man with a Sage-like demeanor smiled.""City Lord Lin, you're underestimating us too much. That Li Hao doesn't know what's good for him, and he wants to set rules for the transcendents in the world. Even though we're unaffiliated cultivators, we're not willing to be bound by him. If we really become the elders of SuperPower City, we'll definitely take the lead and kill Li Hao. That's what all superhumans are willing to do. "
 "Li Hao has suffered for a long time!"
 Someone sighed,"if not for him, how could so many transcendents have died? It's a pity that they were killed by that demon li. We hate that we weren't strong enough, otherwise, we would've killed that beast long ago!"
 “……”
 The wandering cultivators were also filled with righteous indignation.
 If Li Hao didn't die, even the experts would be restricted. Who would be willing to?
 Now that a powerful organization like the city of superpower was willing to deal with Li Hao, everyone was happy to do so.
 Lin Hongyu sighed in her heart.
 You're looking for death!
 I've given you a chance. The twelve families aside, these rogue cultivators came from all over the place. They might not have been in SuperPower City before. I've given you a chance to leave. Even if you can't leave, you might not die.
 But now ... He had no chance.
 Lin Hongyu nodded slightly and looked at Li Hao.
 I've done everything you asked me to do.
 It's all up to you now.
 I wanted to rope in some people, but you said you didn't need them, so I don't care anymore.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao also glanced at them and sighed in his heart. They really have many techniques.
 Among the 12 aristocratic families, the Lin family had 10 divine-power realm cultivators including Lin Hongyu. Among the 40 to 50 unaffiliated cultivators, there were 10 divine-power realm cultivators. How did an unaffiliated cultivator become a divine-power realm cultivator? even Li Hao was puzzled.
 Could it be that he had also encountered a relic, or a chess piece of some force?
  Trying to infiltrate SuperPower City?  As for the other 11, they had at most seven to eight god powers and at least three to five. On average, there were more than five people in each clan, and they also had close to 60 god powers.
 Almost all the people from the major forces were at the divine power level, and there were more than ten of them.
 Close to a hundred strong practitioners with the ability of God!
 It had to be said that these people did have the confidence.
 In the field, other than the divine power, there were also some followers and family members. There were more than a hundred people, and they were not weak either. There were two to three hundred people, and none of them were weak.
 If he were to capture all of them in one fell swoop, he would be able to get rid of almost all the transcendents in the world, except for those major forces, right?
 Seeing that Lin Hongyu was still not going to talk about the rules and regulations, the crowd below started to get anxious.
 "City Lord Lin, are you still not going to start?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Yup!"
 Lin Hongyu looked at Li Hao again. Many people were also looking at Li Hao.
 Li Hao smiled, looked around, and suddenly said,""Li Hao has suffered for so long ... This is really ... Unexpected!"
 In an instant, someone's expression changed!
 In the next moment, a sword light shot through the sky!
 "Kill them all!"
 With a cold shout, several people in the team of unaffiliated cultivators attacked. Li Hao also attacked instantly. BOOM!
 A divine ability expert was instantly pierced through.
 There was still a blank look on his face.
 "Li Hao ... It's Li Hao ..." Someone shouted.
 The twelve families were still at a loss.
  It was only when he heard this voice that he came back to his senses and was filled with disbelief.
 The Lin family's first elder's expression changed drastically as he roared,""Lin Hongyu, you bastard ..."
 The most powerful person in the Lin family was actually colluding with Li Hao!
 The city Lord of SuperPower City actually led a Wolf into his house and brought Li Hao here.
 They couldn't believe it!
 Just as he finished shouting and wanted to escape, he felt a pain in his chest. He looked down and saw that the pretty boy Chen Zhongtian had punched through his chest. He smiled and said,""We didn't intend to kill the Lin family!"
 Beside him, Lin Hongyu's expression remained the same.
 She said it.
 These old fogeys should be killed to avoid getting in the way.
 As the city Lord, she was not a merciful person. These Lin family members were restricting her and even wanted to use her as a tool for the Lin family's expansion. They were first-class at dragging her down.

 Since that's the case ... All of you should just die!
 She saw that someone from the Lin family was running away. A curved blade appeared in her hand. The curved blade disappeared in an instant and cut off a person's head. The young man's eyes were filled with hatred and anger.
 Lin Hongyu did not mind.
 What was the use of hatred when he was already dead?
 At this moment, the other families also came back to their senses and roared,""Bastard! It's a trap ..."
 "Kill them!"
 At this moment, a loud boom was heard from the wandering cultivators 'side.
 Tian Jian, di Jian, hou Xiaochen, and director Zhou all exploded forth! In an instant, sword light flashed as! Golden fist appeared and! Long spear split the air!
 With a loud explosion, more than half of the dozens of itinerant cultivators were killed in an instant. A few of the itinerant cultivators 'magical powers were directly killed on the spot. A few magical powers wanted to escape, but they were instantly swept away by the heaven and earth overturning sword!
 With two slashes, the wandering cultivators were instantly wiped out.
  The weakest of the four experts had six divine abilities. The difference was too great. Although there were more than 10 itinerant cultivators with divine abilities, they were all dead under the sword in the blink of an eye!
 It happened in an instant.
 On the Lin family's side, Lin Hongyu and Chen Zhongtian attacked at the same time. Although the elders fought back frantically, the two at the peak of the six elements attacked and killed them all in an instant.
 The first to die were the elders of the Lin family. It was not as if no one was alive. At this moment, in the huge Lin family, other than Lin Hongyu, there was only one elder who was looking at Lin Hongyu with fear in his eyes.
 Lin Hongyu said calmly,"third elder, come and watch the show with me. In the past, only third elder would speak up for me once or twice. Today, third elder can live!"
 "Hong Yu ..."
 The 3rd elder's face was deathly pale as he looked at the corpses around him. He still couldn't believe it.
 Lin Hongyu had never been able to resist the family, so she just ignored them. Although she was angry yesterday, she did not have any killing intent. Who knew that she would kill everyone today!
 At this moment, BOOM!
 With a loud bang, a divine weapon appeared, like a holy weapon!
 "Li Hao!" A brawny man suddenly became ecstatic."Your holy weapon actually displayed even more power ... Li Hao, you deserve to die!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was one of the 11 family heads. He had only wanted to defeat Li Hao, but he did not expect that the world-suppressing divine weapon would be much stronger than usual. It was unbelievable.
 Why?
 Under normal circumstances, these world-suppressing divine weapons would only be able to display six elements at most.
 But today, he vaguely felt that he might have broken his usual restrictions.
 How could he not be happy!
 When he saw the unaffiliated cultivators being killed and the Lin family being annihilated, he was still terrified. However, at this moment, he was extremely excited. If I kill all these B * stards, I will destroy the star military governor's office and the city of superpowers will be mine!
 The moment the Holy weapon was used, Li Hao suddenly withdrew from the five elements domain. In an instant, a powerful aura burst out and swept across the world.
 The space around the Holy weapon was instantly shattered.
 Kachaa!
 A crack suddenly appeared on the Saint weapon. The Saint weapon seemed to be excited just a moment ago, but now, it was shattered by the space.
 Li Hao once again released his five elements domain, which enveloped the world.
  The brawny man was dumbfounded!  At this moment, a sword light shot towards the Saint weapon. With a crack, the Saint weapon was shattered, and an illusionary figure appeared on it. With a look of confusion, it seemed to have come back to life."Space ... Why is it only targeting me?"
 He was a little puzzled!
 The shattering of space should have been targeted at everyone. Why was it only targeted at him?
 No one gave it an explanation. In an instant, the Saint weapon shattered and was swallowed by the starry sky sword.
 Li Hao moved his feet and appeared in front of the brawny man as if he had teleported. Holding the starry sky sword, which was still devouring, he attacked!
 At this moment, some experts were trying to escape, some were roaring, and some were charging at Li Hao's group in anger.
 BOOM!
 Wind, rain, Thunder, lightning, all kinds of divine arts burst out!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Tian Jian and the others attacked one after another, killing in all directions. Their powerful strength and ordinary skills were killed on the spot.
 "Kill Li Hao!"
 "He has sealed this place!" Someone roared."Kill him and break the seal!"
 "Kill!"
 "Die!" A family head shouted angrily. His divine weapon had yet to be activated, but it was still extremely powerful. It slashed at Li Hao. In an instant, a few monster plant clones appeared, all extremely powerful.
 The experts who had come to watch had also made their moves. In an instant, at least 30 magical powers charged at Li Hao!
 At this moment, two light shadows appeared.
 BOOM!
 He punched!
 Palm strike!
 A faint energy glow appeared on Jiang Ying and Li's bodies. Their strength was also extraordinary. With one punch, a monster plant avatar was directly shattered into pieces!
 Everyone felt that it was unbelievable!
  What kind of combat strength was this?
 Behind them, Lin Hongyu's expression changed. So strong!
 It didn't seem to be a living person!
 She knew who the seven six-element and three seven-element cultivators Li Hao mentioned were, but she only saw five of them.
 Just as he was thinking, a dog suddenly roared and turned golden in an instant, swallowing the world!
 BOOM!
 In the air, the weaker ones couldn't stand still and flew into the Black Panther's mouth. With a crack, they were bitten to death by the Black Panther. Not only that, the Black Panther struck out with its claws, which were like heavenly waves. Crack!
 Another magical power was killed by its claw.
 Li Hao waved his hand, and a tree appeared. It was a date tree.
 Without any hesitation, he exploded with power close to seven elements and devoured a monster plant clone in the blink of an eye!

 At this moment, Lin Hongyu finally realized where the seven six-element mages had come from.
 It wasn't as simple as six elements!
 Her face was solemn. No one here was weaker than her.
 The Golden-body powerhouses seemed to be able to travel through space. One punch was enough to kill one. No matter if it was a divine power or something else, almost no one could withstand a single punch!
 This was a massacre!
 Even though there were experts of the six elements in the crowd who had divine weapons, none of them had. Their divine weapons were instantly destroyed by a sword, and those experts of the six elements were killed on the spot!
 The experts who had surrounded Li Hao were defeated in the blink of an eye. The two puppets were extremely excited, perhaps because they hadn't fought for countless years. Although they couldn't use their origin and some secret techniques, their powerful physical attacks were enough to make those people collapse.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Some of the Saint weapons even managed to hit the puppets, but only sparks flew. There were no wounds on the puppets.
 "Hmph!"
 "Hmph!" Jiang Yingli snorted coldly."This was personally forged by the principal. Do you think you can hurt it?"
  Although they were dead and only had puppet bodies, these puppets were the puppets of Yuanping martial arts university. The four robot cats were personally built by the principal. Could these people who were not even at the peak break them?
 With one punch, a loud crack rang out, and the Saint weapon was shattered!
 This was not an ambush, this was a massacre!
 ……
 Lin Hongyu was already in a daze.
 In her daze, she felt a little fortunate. Fortunate that she had made the right choice.
 At the same time, the shadow of a redwood tree appeared beside her. Without saying a word, it appeared instantly and crushed the monster plant clone on the spot, devouring its origin power.
 He sneaked a glance at Li Hao. Seeing that Li Hao was killing people with his sword, he heaved a sigh of relief.
 I don't care!
 There were many monster plant clones at the scene. It would be a waste if it did not eat them. It did not expect these people to be so strong that they could kill so many people in the blink of an eye.
 At this moment, an old man shouted,""Li Hao, are you really going to kill all the transcendents in the world?"
 In just a short while, at least 40 to 50 god art users had died!
 This was simply unbelievable!
 All their resistance was futile.
 The monster plant clone was crushed, the Holy weapon was crushed, and all the counterattacks were useless.
 This group of people was too powerful.
 Li Hao's expression was calm."No, it's you who don't know what's good for you. You didn't cherish the opportunity I gave you!" He said.
 "I surrender ..."
 Kachaa!
 The sword fell, and the other party's head was chopped off. At this point, surrender was a joke.
 Li Hao didn't expect these people to be so weak.
 Well, it wasn't that they were weak, but that their side was getting stronger and stronger.
 "Let's fight it out with Li Hao!"
 Someone roared in anger and charged at Li Hao. Someone shouted,""Governor li, please spare us. We're here as observers from the Division of Administration. We're not here to target the star military governor's office ..."
 It was useless!
 Only killing!
 At this moment, Chen Zhongtian and Lin Hongyu also made their moves. They did not watch as the overlords were killed one by one.
 Six elements!
 They all had six or even seven elements. With such strength, almost all of them would be in the top 20 on the Billboard.
 It was extremely powerful!
 One by one, the powerful Saint weapons were shattered by the starry sky sword. Some of the Saint weapons even cursed in anger, while others simply shattered without a sound.
 The slaughter continued!
  There were fewer and fewer people resisting.  In the air, the monster plant avatars were also destroyed one by one. The red date tree, redwood tree, Black Panther, and director Zhou, who could absorb the origin Energy, focused on attacking them.
 There were strong and weak monster plant avatars of different clans. The strong ones were only close to the peak.
 In the blink of an eye, they were all killed by these few people, who were madly snatching and devouring the origin Energy.
 The light shield emerged. At this moment, it was blood-red.
 Too many powerhouses had fallen!
 In the distance, Tian Jian and Hong Yitang joined forces and unleashed the heaven and earth overturning sword. No divine power could withstand their joint attack. Even six-elemental cultivators were instantly killed!
 It was so powerful that even Lin Hongyu could not believe it!
 These people's methods didn't seem like divine arts or martial masters. What kind of method was this?
 But she didn't have time to think about it.
 With a deafening boom, a powerful being with the ability of God exploded his body. He wanted to retaliate, but he was easily blocked by the two puppets.
 Ten minutes later.
 The world was silent!
 The difference was too great. Although there were many divine powers, at this moment, in the hands of Li Hao and the others, a two-element divine power could actually be killed in one move.
 Only Li Hao's group, Lin Hongyu, and the third elder of the Lin family were left in the city Lord's mansion.
 The third elder's face turned pale and his body trembled.
 Even if he had four Sacred Arts.
 However, at this moment, he was trembling with fear, as if he had seen an evil ghost.
 Was this the powerful city of superpowers?
 In less than 10 minutes, the powerful city of supers with nearly 100 superpowers had been completely wiped out!
 Was this still the superpower City that wanted to conquer the world?
 The twelve aristocratic families ... Were finished!
 Lin Hongyu, on the other hand, was very calm. She looked at the third elder, then at the corpses on the ground. No one knew what she was thinking. Suddenly, she smiled and looked at Li Hao."Congratulations, Governor!"
 Li Hao also glanced at her. This woman ... Was ruthless!
 However, he admired the fact that he was killing his enemies. It was good that he was ruthless. If he was wishy-washy, he would be detested.
 In an instant, Tian Jian and the others all gathered.
 They glanced at Lin Hongyu but did not say anything.
 Director Zhou landed and smiled, "It's all settled ..."
 "Last hit! Incinerate the bodies!"
 A flame appeared between the heaven and earth. In an instant, those corpses were burned. Suddenly, there were screams. They were burned to death in the blink of an eye!
 Lin Hongyu and the others raised their brows slightly. There was really someone who was pretending to be dead, and no one could tell.
 Li Hao was ruthless enough!
  Heaven and earth turned into a sea of fire. In the blink of an eye, the corpses turned into ashes, leaving behind only storage rings and fragments of divine weapons.
 Li Hao smiled, his face relaxed.
 He glanced at the two tree clones that were still fighting for the origin Energy in the air and the Black Panther that was devouring it madly. He smiled and said,""This is just the appetizer, what are you guys so anxious about!"
 The two trees and the dog didn't say anything and continued to devour.
 This was a rare opportunity!
 As for what would happen next, it might be a fierce battle. He would eat his fill first.
 Lin Hongyu looked at them silently, then at the two puppets, and finally at Li Hao.""Commander, do we really have to deal with the monster plant itself?"
 "Of course!"
 Lin Hongyu did not ask any further. She looked at the empty city Lord's mansion and sighed. SuperPower City ... Was now a Li family.
 All of his ambitions had turned into nothing.

 One storage ring after another fell into Li Hao's hands.
 Li Hao was penniless at the moment.
 The remaining divine power stones had been given to the two puppets. However, the richest thing he had on hand was the spring of life, which had tens of thousands of drops.
 This time, the one who gained the most was actually Li Hao.
 At this moment, the starry sky sword in his hand was shining and overflowing with energy.
 I'm full!
 This time, the starry sky sword was really full, as if it was the first time it had been full. It had eaten countless holy weapons, and all of them, no matter how high or low their level, had been eaten by the starry sky sword.
 He ate a whole pile of them in one go.
 Li Hao glanced at the storage rings and smiled after checking them.
 The divine energy stone.
  Many, many times.
 It should be known that the itinerant cultivators and aristocratic families had all their powerhouses here this time. Almost all of the divine power stones would be kept in the storage ring. After a simple scan, there were no less than 50 million divine power stones.
 Actually, it was very little.
 There were more than ten shops.
 A large family only had a few million divine energy stones in reserve. That was too little.
 However, these guys had recently spent a lot of spring water of life. Although Li Hao did not count them, there were more than a hundred drops of spring water in total.
 Still too little.
 To Li Hao, the spring of life was very cheap. These guys spent so much that it benefited the monster plants. Li Hao paid 3000 for a drop, while these people would easily pay 50000 to 60000 for a drop.
 "Those monster plants might know that something has happened!"
 At this moment, director Zhou said,"this place is not as sealed as the remains. The other party might know that his clone is gone."
 "And then?" Li Hao smiled.
 It's good that you know.
 They couldn't get out.
 Moreover, the powerhouses of the various families had almost been completely killed. Even if there were still powerhouses in the ruins, would they dare to come out at this moment?
 Of course, they had to prevent the news from being leaked.
 Li Hao reached out his hand, and the five divine runes disappeared.
 At this moment, the monster plants probably knew that their clones were gone.
 Li Hao didn't take the mirror pieces away. Instead, he looked at Lin Hongyu.""Are you coming with me to kill the monster plants or are you going to stay here to deal with the superpower City?"
 "Of course I'll follow you, Governor!" Lin Hongyu replied in a low voice.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He then turned around."Third elder, I'll leave this place to you. If anyone comes to investigate, you'll be responsible for cooperating with the city guards and dealing with them!"
 The third elder's face turned pale.
 He looked at Lin Hongyu, who was still trembling. He swallowed his saliva and said in fear,""City Lord ... Governor, I ... I'm worried ... Worried that I won't be able to handle it well ..."
 Li Hao turned to look at him and smiled."City Lord Lin only left you behind. You have four-elemental god art. Now that all the experts are dead, if you can't even stabilize yourself ... Why don't you go home and retire?"  The third elder's face instantly turned pale. He hurriedly said,""Don't worry, commander. I'll definitely guard this place tightly!"
 "If ... If someone comes to investigate, kill the weak, and kill the strong ... I ..."
 He was worried that these people had left for too long. If they were unable to leave for a long time, there might be other forces investigating this place.
 Lin Hongyu smiled and comforted him,""Don't worry, third elder. It'll take at least three to five days for a battle of nearly a hundred divine powers to end. You just have to release some divine power fluctuations from time to time. Who would dare to come and investigate?"
 The third elder could only nod.
 His heart was filled with fear.
 There was even a moment when he thought that he should just escape after these people left ...
 However, he quickly dispelled this thought.
 It was too terrifying!
 Although the world was big, where could he run to?
 Here, they might still be able to survive, but if they ran away, they might really die.
 Li Hao smiled, and his five elements domain appeared. He looked at the sky."Senior, it's time to go and pick up your main body!"
 On the other side, the Redwood tree was somewhat helpless.
 However, it quickly returned to the domain, and the date tree quickly descended with some fear and shock. These people were really Savage.
 But ... It felt so good.
 This time, he finally had a full meal.
 To be starved after being with Tian Jian for more than ten years was truly a tragedy.
 "City Lord Lin, do you know where the various ruins are?"
 Lin Hongyu smiled."Of course, the remains of all the families are not far from here. When we chose this place to be our base, we naturally calculated it well. It's not far from all 12 families. Otherwise, if something were to happen, wouldn't we be in trouble?"
 "Their old nests are usually built on top of historical remains. Even if they weren't originally, they've continued to relocate and have chosen to stand on historical remains."
 "Then let's clear them out first!" Li Hao nodded slightly.
 Li Hao casually tossed it, and a treasure appeared. It was the earth drilling shuttle.
  In an instant, Li Hao entered. The others did not ask much and followed him one after another. However, Hong Shan said,""Earth drilling shuttle, I haven't seen it in many years."
 As soon as he finished speaking, his clone also entered the space.
 A map of the ground appeared before Li Hao's eyes.
 He knew the Lin family's address. He activated it instantly and the earth-drilling shuttle disappeared. At the same time, he had used up more than 100000 divine power stones.
 ……
 The Lin family's old residence.
 It was like a small city. At this moment, people were coming and going, and it was very lively. Only powerful cultivators had gone to the city of superpower, but it did not mean that the Lin family had gone. At this moment, the Lin family was still unaware of the changes.
 Everyone in the small city was in a heated discussion. They were all discussing how the Lin family would become an Overlord and dominate the world after this.
 This group of people were all very powerful.
 In an instant, he appeared at the back mountain of the Lin family.

 There was someone here.
 He was also an expert with the ability of God.
 Lin Hongyu didn't wait for Li Hao's instructions. She appeared instantly and struck the man with her palm. The man was sent flying and spat out blood. He was dumbfounded when he saw Lin Hongyu.
 "Second Grandpa, I don't want to kill you," Lin Hongyu said softly."Release your power and I'll knock you out. You can live."
 The old man's expression changed drastically.
 At this moment, the Redwood tree also appeared.""What, do you want to die?"
 The old man's expression changed completely!
 "Venerable ..."
 The next moment, his face turned pale. Without saying anything, he released his super defense and let the origin of the Redwood tree penetrate through. He instantly fainted.
 Lin Hongyu looked at Li Hao."He's my closest relative. He still supports me in the Lin family."
  Li Hao nodded slightly.
 It was just average.
 Other than her, only two out of the ten god art users in the Lin family supported her. This ratio was really not high.
 Soon, they arrived at the entrance of a ruin.
 Hong Shan looked at Li Hao, who smiled and said,""Senior, you live here?"
 The Redwood tree swayed.
 "Then shall we go in?" Li Hao said with a smile.
 "Please!"
 Hong Shan's heart was also in turmoil. Would Li Hao and his group dare to follow them in?
 Its main body was still very powerful.
 Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to create another clone after destroying one.
 ……
 Li Hao didn't think much of it. Soon, the group entered the remains.
 What came into view was a towering redwood tree.
 This place seemed to be a small town.
 Li Hao didn't recognize him, but he seemed to recognize the puppet, li shengzhang. He was a little surprised."So you're The Guardian monster plant of this place. No wonder you're so strong!"
 The Redwood tree's main body had merged with the avatar, and it instantly knew everything. A shadow appeared on the tree, but it did not look like a man. It looked more like a woman.  Hearing this, he laughed and said,"greetings, princes!" I've embarrassed myself in front of you two. "
 Li shengzhang didn't say anything. He turned his head and looked at Li Hao."This is one of Silvermoon's nine communication Masters. Back in the day, this was the key location for communication in Silvermoon. This includes the military's communication system on their armors. It was originally attached to this place, but later on, they established a separate armors communication system to prevent any accidents. "
 "Back then, nine base stations covered the Silver Moon, and communication could be made anywhere, no matter how far away it was.
 Li Hao nodded. So that was the case.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The nine bases were all guarded by monster plants.
 Some of the base stations were built in desolate places with only monster plants guarding them. Therefore, the monster plants in these base stations were quite powerful.
 Redwood was one of them.
 In fact, there was not only one monster plant here in the beginning. As for where the others went, only the Redwood knew.
 Li Hao and the others knew that the fact that he had survived until now and retained a considerable amount of strength meant that he had swallowed the others, but they did not say anything. After all, it was a matter of the ancient civilization.
 The Redwood did not mention this. At this moment, there was a tower in the small town behind it.
 This was the communication base station.
 "If the nine base stations are repaired, can we contact the origin world?" Jiang Yingli suddenly asked.
 "I could have done it back then!"
 She looked at Li Hao."Back then, we were able to contact the origin world. Later on, we lost contact."
 The Redwood swayed its branches."There is probably no hope ... The connection between the origin world and this place was through the base station in the void. But when the accident happened, the base station was probably broken and the Stargate was sealed ... It is impossible to contact the origin world now."
 The two puppets were extremely disappointed when they heard this.
  "Princes, do you want to return?" Hong shanmu asked without changing his expression. If there's an expert who can forcefully tear apart the world barrier ..."
 Before Jiang Yingli could speak, Li Hao shook his head.""That's not possible! "The current dean is only a great saint. After the principal left, there are only a few great saints in Yuanping martial arts university. In addition to the few great saints in heaven battling city, the total number of great saints is less than ten. In the other main cities, only the Zhao family is willing to support them, and there are only a few great saints ..."
 Li Hao sighed and shook his head, it's impossible to tear the world barrier with less than 20 great saints! Now, we can only open the Stargate and prevent strong enemies from guarding the gate ... So we can only do whatever we want inside!"
 Less than 20 great saints!
 The moment he said that, the expression on the Redwood tree could not be seen, but the face on the tree trunk was somewhat surprised.""So that's how it is. I thought I could open the Stargate and leave this place, returning to the origin world!"
 Li Hao said indifferently,"it's not that simple!" Moreover, my domain is too small now, it can only accommodate some weak undying, even great saints can't come out. Otherwise, why would I need your help? of course, senior's strength is not weak ... Even if great saints don't come out, senior will still think of himself as the number one in the world. Senior, you're strong now, if you can kill us, there will be many benefits ..."
 "What are you saying, commander?"
 Hong Mu was shocked.
 Li Hao was extremely calm."I was just joking. Venerable Hong Shan wouldn't really do that. Venerable Hong Shan, you should move first. I'll shrink a little and go out with you. If you don't want to ... I won't force you!" Undying level monster plants, I think ... We don't lack them!"
 For a moment, the Redwood did not know how many tricks Li Hao had up his sleeve, and it was also frightened. Soon, its main body began to shrink, and its spiritual fluctuations said,""Governor, please don't misunderstand. I'm only worried about the origin world. Now that I know that a great sage is still alive, I'm a lot more at ease."

 "There's no need to worry about that. It's the business of the big shots. Why should we, small figures, get involved?"
 "The heirs of the Li family and the Jiang family aren't in a hurry," Li Hao said with a smile."What are you in a hurry for?"
 Hong MU's heart trembled. At this moment, he knew that these two puppets were the descendants of the Li clan and Jiang clan of Saturn. He immediately became solemn."So you're the descendant of the two venerable sovereigns Zhenxing. I'm sorry for being impolite!"
 Jiang Yingli and the rest were not stupid, they were just a little naive.
 At that moment, as if she had realized something, Jiang Yingli suddenly scolded,""Bastard, did you just test me? You're quite bold! Even if I stand here and don't move, it'll be difficult for you to break the puppet made by the principal. Unless this world can never accommodate a great sage, you'll die without a burial ground!"
 "Di Zi, you have really misunderstood!"
 "I really didn't mean it that way!" Hong shanmu said fearfully.
 "Hmph!"
 The two of them didn't say much.
 Li Hao only smiled, but he was on guard. Sometimes, he had to be on guard against these monster plants. This was not little tree. Little tree was a descendant and did not have much experience. He had only inherited some memories.
  However, this fellow was a wily old fox.
 He still had to be intimidated.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, to intimidate an undying, the difficulty was actually huge.
 Given the strength of Li Hao's team, if they were to really fight with this undying, it would be very difficult ... To take him down. Of course, he would not have it easy either. This guy might be even stronger than the one behind the HU family.
 Lin Hongyu said,"my Lord, it's all a misunderstanding. Let's hurry up and deal with the other monster plants so that we don't waste any time. Now that the other party knows that the clone is dead, they might inform the other families to investigate. Third elder might not be able to delay for too long!"
 "Yes, yes, yes ..."
 Hong shanshu also quickly said,"that's right. Governor li. Princes, shall we leave first?"
 Li Hao laughed."There's no hurry. I still have to ask. Does venerable Hong Shan really want to go out with me?" It's very dangerous. Once I release my domain ... The venerable ... Might be cut into pieces by the space!"
 "Aren't you afraid that I, Li Hao, will kill a venerable?"
 "How could it be!"
 Hong Shan said hurriedly, but he was panicking in his heart. Did the probing words just now make these people dissatisfied?
 If it really did that ... It really didn't dare to go out.
 It was completely isolated by Li Hao's domain. Once it lost it, it would be cut into pieces by the space. The power of space cutting was beyond imagination. Otherwise, the experts wouldn't have been so afraid to go out.
 "Senior, it seems that you don't trust us?"
 "Then forget it, we'll be leaving first ..." Li Hao said with a smile.
 "Don 't!"
 "Absolutely not!" The Redwood tree hurriedly said.
 After saying that, he quickly shrunk his body to the size of a human and floated beside Lin Hongyu.
 At this moment, Li Hao removed the Divine Will defense in his mind and said to director Zhou,""Don't release that great saint golden body to avoid wasting it. This red fir is a cheap bone. If it wasn't for the fact that it was still useful and I was worried about wasting a few Saint talismans, I would have killed it today!"
 Director Zhou's heart skipped a beat and he quickly sent a message to Li Hao,"I understand. It's good this way. After all, it's my master's golden body. Once I use it, it might be completely shattered. Although it can suppress the immortal or even kill him directly, the shattering of my master's golden body ... Is an unbearable loss for me."
 "En!"  Li Hao quickly cut off the voice transmission.
 As for the Redwood, it shook slightly as it was suspicious. The Golden body of a great sage?
 Is that true?
 Of course, at this point, it didn't dare to let its thoughts run wild. Anything was possible, not to mention that Li Hao was surrounded by powerful people. Since it had made its choice ... It could rest assured!
 It had some ideas before, but at this moment, they were all gone.
 These people were not to be trifled with.
 ……
 After they left the relic, Li Hao activated his domain.
 It was a little unstable.
 The Redwood was also trying its best to control its aura so that it would not leak out. However, it was still frightened. Li Hao's domain did not seem that stable and reliable.
 If it were to break ... It would be in big trouble.
 Li Hao also felt the pressure of the spatial compression.
 Due to the Redwood, the space was extremely unstable.
 The five-element divine text turned into divine text and protected the surroundings, but it was still turbulent. The Redwood was so scared that it wanted to stick to Li Hao. It was too terrifying!
 This time, his main body was going out with them ... It was really a gamble of life!
 "Governor, your ... Your domain, can ... Can it be maintained forever?"
 The Redwood was a little nervous, and the few of them entered the earth-drilling shuttle again.
 "It probably won't be a big problem," Li Hao said with a smile.
 What did he mean by probably not a big problem?
 This was a matter of life and death!
  Hong Shan had no choice but to speak to Lin Hongyu telepathically. Lin Hongyu was a little helpless, but she still said,""Commander, the earth-drilling shuttle also has the ability to drill through space. If it's too fast, will it cause the domain to become unstable?"
 It was obvious that the Redwood, which was afraid of death, made her ask.
 "Not a big problem!" Li Hao laughed.
 “……”
 It was still the same words.
 Hong Mu still wanted to say something, but Li Hao said indifferently,""If you keep interfering with me, the domain will really become unstable!"
 “……”
 The Redwood tree immediately quieted down uneasily. With the activation of the earth-drilling shuttle and Lin Hongyu leading the way, Li Hao soon appeared in the vicinity of an ancient castle.
 At this moment, the castle seemed to be in a panic.
 "Let's go to SuperPower City and see ... What happened? Could it be a battle of magical powers, where even the Paragon avatars were used? Damn it ..."

