fileno%d
ttling city.
 The city was noisier and more lively than before.
 Following general Huai's recovery, he automatically drew energy from the surrounding void. Although there was almost no energy in Silver moon's area, the world Energy was still recovering, and he could more or less draw some.
 As a result, heaven battling city was actually in a recovery stage.
 However, the speed was so slow that it was unimaginable.
 Perhaps, after thousands of years, the city could still be restored, provided that the energy could continue to exist. To these people, thousands of years was not too far away. They could take it slowly, and they were not in a hurry.
 Heaven battling city was very peaceful and quiet.
 Ever since everyone found out that Li Hao had come to an agreement with this place, Silver moon's men no longer entered the remains, and there were always people standing guard outside.
 At this moment, some of the guards were no longer guarding the city gate.
 Some of the soldiers were repairing some of the houses in the city.
  The houses in the outer city were also fully repaired.
 Although the items here could recover automatically, the speed was still very slow. The soldiers had nothing to do, so they would find something to do.
 At this moment, director Wang, who was still busy in the city, looked out.
 He seemed a little lost.
 In the next moment, the old turtle's figure appeared. At this moment, he was comparable to the Dean of Yuanping martial arts university.
 Why is it here again?
 If he didn't come, everyone hoped that he would come a few more times. But if he came often, these ancient people would also despise him. Why did he have to come here every two or three days?
 You have nothing to do, right?
 The last time he was here, he stayed for a week and took away countless good things.
 And here you are again, are you trying to empty heaven battling city?
 Outside the city.
 General Huai was also a little surprised.
 Why is it here again?
 At this moment, Li Hao, who had just entered, laughed loudly.""Seniors, I've come to see you!"
 The sound was very loud!
 At this moment, those who were working, sleeping, and cultivating in the city all looked out. Some were helpless, while others were happy. For example, Zhang Liang from the military supplies Department was too embarrassed to do so. If not, he would have been smiling like a flower.
 My beloved teacher li is here!
 Just the day before, he had received the approval of The Guardian monster plant and Guardian soldier, and was promoted under the wartime regulations to become the director of the military supplies Department. However, other than a title and his armor being changed to yellow, he had nothing else.
 But it was enough.
 Everything that he couldn't complete in his life was completed in his death, so how could he not be happy?
 At this moment, if he didn't have to stay in the supply department, he would have flown out quickly to welcome the lovely and respectable division commander li.
 ……
 General Huai's figure appeared and he forced a smile."The 11th Division commander is back."
 "General Huai, you've worked hard!"
 Li Hao nodded and smiled like an inspecting leader, his face bright.
 General Huai was speechless.
 Soon, Li Hao said,"general, you'll go to heaven battling city later. I have something important to announce. I'll have a small meeting."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com “……”
 You're in a meeting?
 What kind of meeting are you having?
  Also, is it your turn to hold a meeting in heaven battling city?  Why are you so shameless?
 Although he had many complaints in his heart, general Huai was an old man and had inherited some of the shameless character of his ancestors and their accompanying venerable sovereigns, so he still kept all these words in his heart.
 "Then ... Okay."
 "Yes, I've troubled general to make a trip!"
 Li Hao chuckled."Then I'll go to the city first."
 After saying that, he walked away.
 Looking at him leave, general Huai smiled and shook his head. This guy, the young are still full of energy. We are all old.
 ……
 At the city gate.
 Li Hao saw the three Regiment commanders and shouted,""Three guild leaders, we'll have a meeting at the city Lord's mansion later!"
 The three guild leaders looked at each other. Meeting?
 What the hell!
 We've been dead for countless years. Even if there's a mission, we'll be notified directly through the armor. Since when do we need to hold a meeting?
 Li Hao ignored them and continued to walk into the city.
 ……
 After walking for a while, they arrived at the city Lord's mansion.
 The turtle Tower was still standing.
 The city was still a little dark, but it was a little brighter than before.
 Director Wang was standing at the entrance of the city Lord's mansion.
 He looked at Li Hao with a questioning look. What are you doing?
 "Hello, director!"
 Li Hao stomped his foot, causing the ground to shake.
 "Hello, 11th Division commander." Director Wang was helpless.
 "Director Wang, please call for an emergency meeting!"
 “……”
 Seeing that director Wang didn't say anything, Li Hao continued,""As the division commander and one of the highest-ranking commanders in the military, I have the right to call for an emergency meeting during wartime."
 One of the highest-ranking commanders in the military?
 Alright!
 Indeed.
  Director Wang was a little speechless. However, they were not busy and had nothing to do. This fellow wanted to be beaten up. The 9th Division commander would definitely beat him up later.
 Alright, you want to have a meeting, right? I'll do it for you.
 He didn't bother to persuade Li Hao. Li Hao wanted to die, so what could he do?
 The Golden armor emitted a faint light.
 An emergency wartime meeting was called!
 In an instant, many figures rose into the air.
 In the military camp, the ninth Division commander, Zhang Liang, and Hong Luan, three experts, instantly rose into the air and flew over. Hong Luan was a subordinate of the inspector guard. It seemed that the inspector guard also had a leader who had been revived. As for their military ranks, Li Hao had no idea.
 At the city gate, the three guild leaders, who were barely qualified to participate in the meeting, also instantly rose into the air and flew over.
 General Huai stepped into the air with a helpless expression on his face. He was really free.
 The old turtle appeared. He looked at Li Hao, then at the Black Panther beside Li Hao. He threatened,"dog, if you don't talk to him, I won't help you when you get beaten up."

 In an instant, these people all rushed over at a very fast speed.
 Even if the city was abandoned and an emergency meeting was called, the city would still operate as usual. Even if they cursed countless times in their hearts, the meeting would still be held.
 ……
 City Lord's mansion, main hall.
 Director Wang was still sitting in the main seat. He was temporarily acting as the city Lord and was in charge of all the matters in the city, even though he wasn't very strong.
 Soon, general Huai arrived. He and the old turtle took their seats, one on the left and one on the right.
 The two aged existences split up to the left and right.
 A moment later, the ninth Division commander arrived and sat down beside the locust tree. His eyes glowed red as he looked at Li Hao without saying a word.
 Not long after, Zhang Liang arrived. He had changed into the gold engine, and Li Hao almost couldn't recognize him. It was still Zhang Liang's spiritual fluctuation."11th Division commander, welcome back!"
 “……”
  "Director Zhang, you're too kind!"
 Li Hao also laughed. This person had been promoted, so he was in good spirits.
 Hong Luan, on the other hand, was sitting silently below, not saying a word, as if she had no sense of existence.
 The three Regiment commanders also quickly arrived. They saluted and sat down.
 Director Wang looked at Li Hao and said,"11th Division commander, please take a seat!" As one of the main cities, wartime emergency meetings are only for discussing important matters. If ... There is nothing important and you rashly call for this meeting, you will be punished by military law. "
 "If anyone thinks that the military law is a game, I will let them know that the military law ... Is not a game!" The ninth Division commander said coldly.
 Li Hao smiled brightly. He didn't take a seat, but said directly,""We're all straightforward people. Let's not talk about this useless nonsense and waste time!"
 "Now, the second revival is imminent, but heaven battling city's revival situation is not as good as expected. The revival situation on the stellarsky Island is much better than ours. Once the second revival officially begins, even if we can absorb some energy, there are too many Silvermoon monster plants. How much can we absorb and how much can we revive?"
 "Cough cough!" Li Hao coughed."Based on this, we can't just sit and wait for death!"
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"although heaven battling city has fallen silent, its war spirit is still here!" How could the human race, the powerhouses, and the soldiers of the neo martial era sit in the city and wait for death all day long? Is he still a neo martial artist?"
 “……”
 Everyone was silent.
 We don't want to do this, but what can we do?
 "Ninth Division commander," Li Hao criticized."You're the most powerful person in heaven battling city's military. Have you never considered how to save yourself? All you know is to stay in your office and read documents. Can you save heaven battling city?"
 "Neo martial taught you to just sit around in the office and wait for death?"
 “……”
  The ninth Division commander was a little angry, but he didn't say anything.  "Let me ask you," Li Hao said."All these years, have you ever thought about going out to save yourself?"
 “……”
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Wang coughed."11th Division commander, it's not that we don't want to save ourselves. It's just that we have only just recovered. Also...We can't get out. The space outside is too unstable."
 "I know!"
 Li Hao frowned and said,"how can I not know?" However, if the demons could strip away their origin source avatars, why couldn't the humans? If I remember correctly, humans should be able to do it too. Why didn't the humans consider this? if they don't improve, they won't be able to compete with the demons. "
 “……”
 Director Wang was helpless and could only say,"we are still different from the demon clan. The other party's body is still there. Even if we cut it a little, it won't shake the foundation. We ... Only have spiritual power left. Once we cut it a little and it's destroyed, it will create turbulence and we may be completely annihilated."
 Li Hao was a guy who specialized in other people's weaknesses.
 Did this make sense?
 A little.
 However, that was nonsense. We also wanted to go out and save ourselves, but the key was, would it work?
 If he was not careful, he would be completely destroyed.
 Li Hao nodded,"this reason ... Is barely acceptable!" So, once there's a stable and slightly safer way, you're still willing to go out and save yourself?"
 Director Wang nodded.
 Li Hao also nodded."That's good. I thought your neo martial arts spirit had been obliterated. Like the one from Yuanping martial arts university, you only know how to sleep and don't know how to save yourself." It seems that the fighting spirit is still there!"
  “……”
 The ninth Division commander was a little unhappy and said in a low voice,""That's all for the meeting?"
 "What's the hurry?"
 Li Hao berated. The 9th Division commander almost lost his temper, but director Wang quickly said,""Eleventh Division commander, everyone is very busi...Get to the point."
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"alright, I'll get to the main point. As far as I know, everyone died because their bodies rotted and their imperishable substances were used up. They can't recover and can only exist as spiritual power. They even became the souls of weapons."
 "Once there's enough imperishable substance, it can still be restored. It's just that now, other than the original body of the monster plant and the original body of the monster, it's hard for the imperishable substance to be born in the world. The era is different, and the power cultivated is different."
 "In that case, as the master of heaven battling city, I can't just watch the outside world recover while heaven battling city remains silent, so I have made a decision ..."
 Li Hao was extremely serious."I'm going to kill those undying beings and even Supreme Saints. I'm going to seize their bodies and their imperishable substances to revive a commander, such as the ninth Division commander. I'll let the ninth Division commander recover his body and go on a campaign with me. We'll find a way to save ourselves and revive heaven battling city ..."
 Everyone was silent.
 After a long time, the old turtle said softly,"this method ... The eleventh Division commander killed an undying before, so he knows how difficult it is." This was the first reason. "Secondly, even if they are resurrected, it might be more cost-effective to resurrect the monster plants at the current stage. The cost of resurrecting a human might be able to resurrect three to five monster plants ..."

 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"you can't say that!" "If too many monster plants are revived, it will cause some fluctuations and cause some powerful monster plants to be wary. For example, reviving general Huai has already attracted the attention of the various main cities and the monster plants of the stellarsky Island. If we revive the monster plants again, firstly, there won't be enough energy to absorb. Secondly, it will make all parties wary and even join forces to deal with us."
 "Ask general Huai if there was a lot of movement when it revived. Did it attract the attention of the major cities? Even if you don't say it, I'm clear that someone from the eight major cities might have betrayed us!"
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,'in this case, we can't continue to revive the monster plants. We have to catch them off guard and revive the human race to give the enemy a heavy blow! Besides, neo martial was, after all, the human race dominated the world. Whether it was the Vice commander of Heavenly Star Town or the powerhouses of the eight major cities, were they giving face to the human race or to the Yao Zhi? It's easy to communicate with the humans. If it's Yao Zhi, I'm afraid general Huai doesn't have as much face as a neo Martial Master, and he doesn't have as much authority, right?"
 Even general Huai nodded his head in agreement.
 This was the situation.
 "So, you came here just to say this?" the ninth Division commander asked.
 "Right!"
 Li Hao nodded."That's it. Ninth Division commander, you've never saved yourself. That won't do. If you want to open the Stargate, return to your hometown, and fight the firmament again, you must ask the humans to help you!"
 "Do you know how much it takes to revive a human?"
 Li Hao shook his head."I don't know, but we can work hard in this direction. Are we going to give up just because we're exhausted?" The ninth master told me, if it's the original body of The Undying Monster plant, how much do you need to rebuild your body?"
  The ninth Division commander seemed a little unhappy and said coldly,""Ten!"
 “……”
 Li Hao's mouth was wide open."No, the ninth Division commander was only at the peak of immortal realm back then. Why would he need so many?"
 "First, those monster plants have consumed a large amount of imperishable substance over the years, and they are actually all broken bodies! Second, I'm at the peak of immortal realm, while they're only at the early and middle stages. Third, they're monster plants and I'm a human, an elite general of the human race. The level of the cultivation technique I cultivate is higher than theirs, and the imperishable substance I condense is of higher quality ... Fourth ..."
 He paused for a moment."My spiritual power is much stronger than theirs. 10 is just my estimate. Maybe it's not enough!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com “……”
 Li Hao was stunned.
 Seeing his expression, the ninth Division commander laughed.
 However, it was hidden under the Golden skeleton.
 Are you done with your high and mighty talk?
 Are you done yet?
 Did you accidentally get rid of another undying monster plant and bring me a body? are you trying to revive me and make me work for you?
 What are you thinking!
 Everyone could vaguely see Li Hao's scheme. They thought to themselves and wanted to laugh.
 Li Hao had a headache. He suddenly looked at director Wang."Then ... The director won't ask for this much too, right? The director has only just entered the undying stage. "
 "What are you saying!"
 Director Wang also laughed."I don't need that much. I'm weaker than him. Plus, my spiritual power isn't as strong as his. If I have half of his, like five of them, there's still hope for recovery ..."
 He seemed to be happy that Li Hao had been defeated. He laughed and said,""At this stage, it is actually very difficult for an undying monster plant to resurrect us humans. It is possible to resurrect the monster plant as the other party's main body is still around. Of course, if it is to resurrect a few captains ... It should be possible, but ..."  He then shook his head and sighed."They have all turned into soldier souls. If it was a while ago, it would have been fine. But now, it's troublesome."
 At this moment, Li Hao was at war with himself.
 Why?
 It's only enough to revive director Wang, I'm not satisfied.
 The ninth master was stronger, and this person had been bullying him all this time. Now that he was resuscitated, the other party could only follow him around. Otherwise, he would be cut to death.
 But now, it actually did not work.
 You're just an undying, you actually need 10 undying bodies to revive you, what's your situation?
 Li Hao cursed in his heart.
 As for reviving director Wang, he ... Wasn't that strong.
 He's only at the early immortal realm.
 Reviving the body of an early stage immortal realm expert was enough to revive five powerful monster plants.
 What the hell.
 Li Hao is at war with himself. Should I say it?
 I suddenly didn't want to say that.
 Why don't ... I just say I don't have it.
 He was so ambitious before, but now he was depressed. But thinking about it, director Wang wasn't bad.
 At the very least, he was still a very good person.
  At this point, the ninth master grew impatient.""You called for an emergency meeting just for this?"
 Li Hao suddenly snorted and said slowly,""Of course not! I called this meeting for the future of heaven battling city. If Ninth Division commander is so impatient, how can you command the Army?"
 "He has no patience at all. Is this the personality of a military commander?"
 “……”
 The 9th Division commander was stunned. Li Hao had been prepared for this guy to beat him up. Unexpectedly, the 9th Division commander suddenly nodded after a moment of shock. "He's dead, but he's still affected by it. His mind is on a rampage, and he can't suppress it. It's also because of you. When I see you, I'm a little angry ... You're right. As a member of the military, I shouldn't be like this."
 “……”
 I thought you were going to hit me.
 Seeing that he wasn't angry, Li Hao was amused.
 At this moment, he no longer fought with himself and said in a deep voice,""For the future of heaven battling city, I've taken my soldiers and risked my life in the hopes that heaven battling city can stand proudly on the Silver Moon continent! "Thus, I made a decision. I want to revive director Wang So that he can leave heaven battling city and fight together with us. For a better future, for leaving the Stargate, for returning to the origin world, for neo martial, for the human King, for the people ... Let's fight together!"
 The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!

 As soon as he finished speaking, five undying demonic trees appeared.
 At this moment, the hall was extremely quiet.
 Everyone looked at the undying demonic wood in a daze. At this moment, director Wang was stunned. Five?
 Where did it come from?
 Didn't li Hao just leave a few days ago?
 The ninth Division commander was also stunned and did not speak.
 The old turtle and general Huai looked at each other, but neither of them said anything.
 Zhang Liang swallowed his saliva and said in a low voice,""Actually, I can also be resuscitated."
 Why didn't anyone mention me?
 As the Deputy Director of the military supplies Department, he had some strength back then. Otherwise, how could he have become the Deputy Director of the military supplies Department?
  Even though he hadn't reached the undying realm, he was still at the peak of the Paragon realm. He wasn't weaker than old Wang.
 At this moment, director Wang was stunned.
 What was the meaning of this?
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"director Wang, as one of the current leaders of heaven battling city, you have the responsibility and obligation to contribute to heaven battling city!" "The outside world is dangerous, but I'm here. I can protect you so that you won't have to suffer the pain of being cut by space. Of course, there are some restrictions. You can't be too far away from me. This can't be helped."
 Li Hao sighed."Although some freedom is restricted, this is the only way we can hope to revive heaven battling city!" Now, there are many strong enemies, and I can't do it alone!"
 "Of course, it's fine if director Wang is unwilling. Coincidentally, I know an expert from the Zhao family's main city. I'll go there and find a human to revive. For the future of the human race ..."
 He then looked at general Huai and said,""General, it's not that Li Hao doesn't want to revive the monster plant, but the monster plant itself is still here. Secondly, I have some plans for this return, I'll transplant some of the generals and head to the sky Star Island. I've killed six undying monster plants in total, and the energy there is abundant now. I'll be able to let some of the generals absorb the energy on their own, which will greatly reduce the consumption. "
 General Huai's heart trembled. It was very difficult for the Silver Moon to devour energy. How could his own descendants compete with those old ghosts?
 If he were to transplant it to the sky Star Island ... Although it might not be as safe as this place, there was indeed some hope. If it could recover on its own, it would not be bad.
 It didn't say anything and just nodded slightly.
 As for Li Hao's five monster plant bodies, which could completely revive the five monster plants, why Li Hao didn't do it ... It knew very well in its heart and didn't say anything. Saying too much might not be a good thing.
 It was necessary to be cautious.
 At this moment, everyone looked at the immortal tree and fell into deep thought.
 After a long time, director Wang said with some difficulty,""You ... How did you do that?"
 Killing one might be luck, but killing so many ... To be honest, it would be very difficult.
 This required true strength!
 "Struggle, work hard!"
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"I'm willing to sacrifice my life. I'm not afraid of death. I'm doing this for everyone. I'm returning to the origin world. I'm doing this for all the people in the world. What's there to fear about death?"
 “……”
 He said it as if it was true. This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Director Wang, are you afraid of difficulties?" Li Hao asked again.
 "You don't have to provoke me ..."
 Li Hao said angrily,"this is a military conference. What's so exciting about it? let me ask you. Are you confident in recovering your physical body?" Do you have the confidence to fight alongside me? This is an opportunity that we have paid a great price and sacrificed countless people to obtain. It's not a joke. As a higher-up of heaven battling city, what kind of words does director Wang have to say?"
 “……”
 Director Wang coughed."I'm sorry. I've been rude."
 Li Hao nodded in satisfaction."That's good. Then, let me ask again. Is the director willing to be resuscitated?"
 Director Wang seemed to be in a dilemma. A moment later, he said in a heavy voice,""I'm willing! Fight for neo martial ... Fight for the human race!"
 He stood up and said,"since you've chosen me, then I'll take up the responsibility!" "There's no reason to let a young man who doesn't belong to neo martial arts pay for us and fight for us. Neo martial artists ... Can save themselves!"
 He looked at the others and said in a deep voice,"everyone, since the 11th Division commander has brought these things back, I'll be one step ahead of you. I'll recover my physical body and fight the heavens again. Let me fight the heavens again!"
 After saying that, he reached out his hand and grabbed at the five immortal trees!
 Li Hao coughed and interrupted him,""That, I heard that you need a lot of spring of life, right?"
 Director Wang was stunned. He nodded."Yes, the immortal substance is one of the reasons. The spring of life is also very important for recovering the body."
 "How much do you need?"
 Director Wang thought about it and made a judgment. He said carefully, "I'm an undying, to recover my undying body ... That ... Without ten thousand drops, it'll be difficult. "
 You have it.
 You only took away ten thousand drops a few days ago.
 Li Hao took a deep breath and thought, it's just reviving an early stage immortal realm cultivator. It's enough for me to revive many monster plants. "
 “……”
 Director Wang was helpless. I was just so ambitious and now you're talking about money.
  You were the one who wanted to revive the human race, not me.
 He had no choice but to say,"that ... The human race is actually very powerful. One against three!" Isn't it amazing?"
 “……”
 That wasn't worth it.
 Li Hao thought to himself and glanced at general Huai. General Huai turned his head away from Li Hao."Don't look at me, I'm not. I'm so poor now."
 "Then ... If I revive director Wang, can I be promoted?"
 “……”
 The ninth Division commander was furious,"what are you thinking about all day?" You're already a division commander, do you want to become a military commander?"
 What are you thinking!
 Li Hao was speechless. He had paid too much.

 "This ... Should we forget about it?" director Wang could only say.
 "Don 't. How can I, Li Hao, give up halfway?"
 Li Hao was a little reluctant. He only hoped that he would not suffer any losses in resuscitating director Wang. After this person went out, there was a high probability that he would help him earn it back, right?
 He would be able to earn it back after killing a few more monster plants.
 Li Hao sighed. He took out a large water tank and distributed about 10000 drops. He looked at director Wang and said,"this is a treasure that I obtained after risking my life many times ..."
 His gains in heaven battling city might not have been as great as this.
 Li Hao felt that the price he had been paying all this time was too miserable.
 Although heaven battling city had also provided him with some things, he felt that it was not worth it.
 Forget it, forget it. I'll just treat it as an investment.
 Yes, investment.
  In the eyes of outsiders, it was heaven battling city that was investing in Li Hao. In Li Hao's eyes, it was the exact opposite. At this moment, he was investing in heaven battling city. Outsiders had no idea how many resources he had invested in heaven battling city.
 As for the help from heaven battling city, in addition to the status of a teacher and the word "heaven battling," there was also some armor and so on. In fact, the help was not as great as outsiders thought.
 Thus, the outside world thought that Li Hao had relied on heaven battling city to get to where he was today.
 In fact, Li Hao was still relying on the Silver Moon Martial Master and Imperials, who were more helpful.
 In fact, heaven battling city's side also understood the situation.
 Seeing Li Hao's reluctance, director Wang could only say,""Wait until I recover my true body, I will help you get it back. At the current stage, after I recover my body, normal undying beings are definitely not my opponent! The premise is that I won't be crushed by the space. "
 He had not thought about it before, but Li Hao had already prepared the undying demonic wood and the spring of life.
 At this moment, the opportunity to recover his physical body was right in front of him.
 Can I say I give up?
 Wouldn't that be a fool?
 Li Hao sighed and nodded."Alright then. I hope that director Wang Can fight with me when he's out. We'll have more opportunities."
 After he finished speaking, he looked at Huai Shu."General Huai, this time, I need to take some auxiliary generals with me. About five. It's not good to have more, and I may not be able to protect them."
 General Huai looked at him and thought for a while."The five of you ... It's possible, but they're almost completely dormant. They still need some Origin Energy or energy to stimulate them and restore their consciousness ... Otherwise, it'll be difficult for them to absorb energy to recover on their own."
 Li Hao knew it!
 Sure enough, every time it happened, it was bleeding.
 "How much do you need?" he nodded.
 "I don't need too much, just the spring of life will do. It's not a big price to stimulate their consciousness to come back. Well ... A few hundred drops will be enough."
 Li Hao ridiculed!
 Not many?
 Five of them, that would be a few thousand drops.
 I've just given you ten thousand, and now I have to give you a few thousand more. The harvest from killing the five monster plants this time will all be yours.
 Everyone was a little embarrassed.
 For a neo martial artist, he would fight for what he needed. Li Hao had indeed spent a lot of resources. The old turtle coughed."Eleventh Division commander, heaven battling city isn't just a glutton that only knows how to devour. Right now, heaven battling city is in some kind of difficulty, but once the second recovery begins, perhaps the world will be able to accommodate heaven battling city's emergence. At that time, heaven battling city will repay Eleventh Division commander."
 General Huai also nodded.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The ninth Division commander also said in a deep voice,"the heaven-battling Army never takes without giving!" Don't act so stingy, since you've already taken it out, be generous. Heaven battling city will remember this favor!"
 Li Hao smiled."What are you saying, Ninth Division commander? am I the kind of person who would ask for favors in return?"
 I am!
 Everyone was speechless.
 "That's it then. General Huai, first, revive the consciousness of a few monster plants and tell them the situation. Also, as a general, these auxiliary generals must listen to me when I go out!"
 "Including director Wang, we can discuss it. However, listen to me. If you think it's inappropriate, then give up!"  "Don't worry!"Director Wang was helpless.
 He didn't say much. He just felt that Li Hao was really interesting. He was so realistic that you couldn't say anything.
 Li Hao smiled and looked at the others.""Everyone, if everything goes smoothly, I will resurrect you one by one sooner or later. Don't worry! Heaven battling city is the first archaeological ruin I've explored, and I've also joined it, so we're all on the same side. Since there are benefits, the first person I thought of was you, not an outsider. "
 "The fighting spirit will always exist. Heaven battling city will definitely be the first of the eight main cities to fully awaken ..."
 After a while, Li Hao looked at director Wang.""Then, director, please wake up as soon as possible. I don't have much time and need to rush back immediately. I'm going out to do some things and will be back in a day. Will that be enough time for the director to wake up?"
 "Almost!"
 "Then I'll take my leave first, the meeting is dismissed!"
 Then, Li Hao turned around and left. Before he left, he left 3000 drops of spring water of life.
 In the blink of an eye, there were only 12000 left from the 25000.
 At this moment, he still had to find the little tree and let it absorb the power of the origin as a reward.
 Also, he had to find Huang Yu.
 As for this side, he did not look at the recovery process. He could guess how the recovery happened, and he was too lazy to look at it and waste time.
 After Li Hao left, everyone looked at each other. After a long time, the old turtle said,""Initially, I thought that this guy would still need to rely on us. In the end ... Unexpectedly, he developed at an extremely fast speed and actually killed five undying monster plants in a short time. He must have had the help of others."
 "Director Wang, you should recover as soon as possible. After you get out...See if you can do something. The face of the neo martial artists is almost completely lost."
 Director Wang was embarrassed."I'll try my best, but I'm afraid I can't be too far away from him. I'll decide based on the situation!"
 "After you leave, you only have one task," the ninth Division commander said in a deep voice."Find out which family betrayed the main city. That's it!"
 "You ..."
 The ninth Division commander said coldly,"just because no one said anything, it doesn't mean there isn 't!" What's the point of pretending to be deaf and dumb? Apart from this mission, you just have to listen to Li Hao's arrangements. He's a military general, so you'll be under the military's control during the war!"
 Director Wang was speechless,"my rank is not lower than his .."
 "That's no use!"
 The ninth Division commander couldn't be bothered with him and stood up to leave.""Wang, remember one thing. Neo martial artists have already died once. They are not afraid of a second death. I hope that there will be no qualitative changes in your resurrection this time!"
 "Don't worry about it. You didn't pay for my recovery. Why do you care so much?"
 “……”
 The ninth Division commander was speechless. This B * stard was arrogant for nothing. He sneered,""It's all because of the venerable sword's lineage. Ccmau can't do it!"
 “……”
 Go to hell!
 Director Wang cursed and mocked,""If you can do it, then go! "If he really gets 10 immortal monster trees, you'll have to listen to him, follow him, and help him do odd jobs. Hehe, mcmau's direct descendant, the venerable sword's bloodline, the Li family's side branch, in the end, you'll still have to rely on the help of countless generations of Li family descendants. If I were you, I'd just stuff myself into a latrine!"
 "Bastard!"
 "Protector, you've all seen it. He's about to attack me. I'm the acting city Lord. If he dares to attack me, it'll be considered a rebellion. Are you two protectors going to ignore this?"
  Director Wang roared. This guy's sword intent was really terrifying.
 The two guardians looked at each other and then disappeared.
 In the city Lord's mansion, a series of crackling sounds instantly rang out.
 Not long after, the ninth Division commander soared into the sky and left.
 In the city Lord's mansion, a golden skeleton had been cut into dozens of pieces. A wisp of soul appeared, carrying some sadness.
 The old turtle's voice sounded."He did it for your own good. The Golden skeleton has almost completely merged with you. I was still thinking about how to peel it off, and he did it for you. It's good."
 "Is there such a thing as stripping?" director Wang cursed.
 Scolding was one thing, but what could he say if he couldn't beat the other party?
 "Hmph, just wait and see when I recover my physical body!"
 After saying that, spectral soul disappeared with the five big wooden blocks. The old turtle sighed. Recovering the body ... You may not be a match for him. That guy's mental energy is getting stronger.

 The Imperial Palace.
 Li Hao was very polite to little tree.
 Waves of Origin Energy surged as the sapling's main body continued to devour them. At that moment, the sapling felt as if it was living in heaven.
 Comfortable!
 Oh my God, it's so comfortable.
 The huge tree crown kept swaying.
 The sapling felt like it was in a dream. It had not done anything recently, at least not with its main body. It had only been cultivating some food, but it had been constantly absorbing the power of the origin source recently, which made it feel a little uneasy.
 In the land of the Silver Moon, it was too young. Perhaps it was the first new monster plant after the new martial era.
 Compared to the other monster plants, it was weak and pitiful. It could not even absorb energy as much as others.
 If it had not had an explosion 20 years ago and absorbed a little, it might have died long ago.
  Even so, when Li Hao first came, this person couldn't even defeat the Golden spear. He could only scare the Golden spear, who only had the power of sunrise at that time.
 But now, the clone had absorbed a large amount of Origin Energy, and the main body was absorbing it again.
 Little tree felt that he could recover the power of his father's era.
 Of course, it knew that this was an illusion.
 However, little tree was still very excited.
 Comfortable!
 At this moment, Li Hao also laughed."Senior tree, do you have a name?"
 "Ah?"
 "Name."
 "Too many monster plants have revived," Li Hao said."I can't keep calling you senior tree."
 Little tree was a little dazed. Name?
 It was only a monster plant born after the death of the last generation of Imperial Palace guards, where did its name come from?
 Li Hao said,'why don't I give you one? How about the Imperial Guard?' The great Emperor's guards. "
 The sapling didn't have much of an opinion. To it, it didn't matter what it was called.
 "As you wish."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao laughed."Senior Imperial Guard, are you interested in going out to take a look?"
 "Go out?"
 "Yes, the emperor's palace is very safe now, and no one dares to come here rashly. Senior has been staying here all this time, and he doesn't have the power to guard the emperor's palace. He has to take advantage of the fact that the other monster plants haven't fully awakened and go out to have a chance. Otherwise ... With senior's strength, how can you guard the Imperial Palace?"
 Li Hao sighed."There are a bunch of undyings and many saints. Senior, you're only at the peak. How can you compare to them?" If I don't take advantage of the fact that everyone hasn't recovered to quickly go out and improve myself, I'm afraid it'll be difficult to find an opportunity. "
 Little tree was a little hesitant.
 "My clone is outside ..."
 "A clone is just a clone. Its combat strength isn't strong. It's only at the peak. How can it compare to the main body?"
 Little tree was still hesitating. The Thearch Palace was still behind them. Should they go out?
 In the past, it didn't have this thought.
 But now, Li Hao had many opportunities.
 Just as Li Hao had said, how could one defend without strength?
 His thinking was also different from before.  After a long time, the little tree spoke,"then if I leave, will you still cultivate the grain?."
 Now, it had cultivated a lot of food.
 Li Hao smiled."That's not difficult. I'll pay some divine power stones and have heaven battling city help me nurture it. Compared to general Huai, I think I'm closer to senior Imperial Guard. It doesn't need to come with me."
 Was it?
 Little tree was a little happy.
 This ... Seemed to be a good idea.
 "Then ... Then the Imperial Palace ..."
 Little tree was somewhat nostalgic. After a long time, he said,""Then I'll use my father's body to seal this place. I'll return to the Imperial Palace."
 It thought to itself,"I went out only to become stronger and to better guard the Imperial Palace. I didn't neglect my duty."
 Father, when I'm strong and return, the Imperial Palace won't be invaded anymore."
 He was too weak now.
 Just as Li Hao said, the survivors are either undying or Supreme Saints. How can I, a Paragon, guard the Imperial Palace?
 Although the Imperial Palace had been abandoned, it was still the residence of the great emperor. How could he allow others to trample on it?
 With all these thoughts in mind, little tree was very reluctant to leave, but he finally decided to leave with Li Hao.
 Li Hao also smiled.
 On Silver moon's side, more and more powerhouses were being abducted by him ... No, he was bringing them out to strengthen himself.
 There were more and more people he could use around him.
 But ... The key was still his own strength.
 If I could fight against an immortal or a Supreme Saint, why would I need to do this?
 Li Hao thought to himself. He had been so busy recently that he didn't have time to improve himself. Although he had been comprehending the five-element force, perfecting the five-element domain, and improving his combat strength, he was still not satisfied.
 It had been more than ten days since the Billboard appeared.
 On the other hand, his strength had not improved much.
 It was only after his teacher came and explained the concept of domains to him that he had improved a little. After half a month, his strength had improved very little.
 "The key ... Is still me!"
 "I can't waste the remaining spring water of life. I have to at least use some for myself and make myself stronger."
 Thinking of this, Li Hao told little tree that he would take everyone with him when he left. Li Hao was worried that his domain wouldn't be able to hold on if too many people left this time.
  Director Wang who had recovered his physical body, koki himself, and the five awakened auxiliary generals ...
 Of course, he didn't have to bring it with him all the time.
 Li Hao would probably only take care of director Wang for a short period of time.
 ……
 Li Hao was very busy.
 After dealing with little tree, he rushed to the Silver Moon Army without stopping.
 In the military camp.
 When Huang Yu saw Li Hao, he was a little surprised. He knew that Li Hao had returned a few days ago, and director Zhao had seen him before.
 In the end ... Why was this fellow still here?
 Did he not leave?

 "Aren't you busy recently?"
 Huang Yu could not help but ask,"why are you still in Silver Moon?"
 Stellarsky city was fine?
 Didn't you say that you've been attacking Fengyun Pavilion?
 You're not fighting?
 Li Hao laughed,"commander Yu, I need your help."
 "Kill who? Fengyun Pavilion?"
 "No, it's the superpower City."
 Huang Yu frowned and said seriously,""Not easy to deal with! There are 12 families with close to 100 skills. Lin Hongyu is powerful and the family has a divine weapon. I know the situation in the city of supers. It's not easy to deal with. If the commotion is too big, it will attract the attention of the other forces! You attacked Fengyun Pavilion because they are mysterious and everyone wants you to check them out, so it's not a big problem ... Don't always act on your own whims. "
 "I didn't want to either."
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao sighed. Huang Yu said in a deep voice,""Then give up!"
 Li Hao shook his head helplessly,"how?" Now that I've annihilated all 11 families, killed all the Rogue cultivators, Lin Hongyu and even the monster plant behind her have surrendered, how can I give up on a million superpowers?"
 “……”
 Huang Yu looked at him in a daze.
 Li Hao sighed,"I don't want to take over now either. I have no choice. The Inspector General has joined me and Chen Zhongtian has been pestering me to take over the inspector general's office. I haven't had the time to deal with it yet. On the other hand, Lin Hongyu held a meeting with the elders and killed everyone who attended the meeting. She insisted on giving me the city and asked me to arrange for someone to take over ... I really can't find anyone else. I can only look for commander Yu to help me take over the city and prevent the millions of supers from causing any trouble."
 Huang Yu looked at him in a daze.
 The city of superpower surrendered?
 Why didn't I know?
 As for the inspector, he had expected this. After all, he had participated in the killing of the Golden Jiao. It was normal for Chen Zhongtian to surrender.
 However, the city of superpower was completely unexpected.
 Guard SuperPower City and prevent a riot from millions of supers.
 He was a little stunned.
 Li Hao frowned,"commander Yu, Silver Moon can't always be on the defensive. Isn't this the goal we've been pursuing?" Even if the 300000 soldiers of the Silvermoon Army become martial masters and elites, they won't be as valuable as suppressing a million supers ..."
 "Could it be a conspiracy?" Huang Yu asked after a long while.
 "How could that be? we killed them with our own hands. We even killed five monster plants ..."
 Huang Yu's mouth was wide open as he glanced at Li Hao.
 "Is Lin Hongyu crazy?" he mumbled after a long time.
 Why did they surrender?
 The other party was not weak. He had almost a hundred abilities in the city of superpowers. With such strength, he surrendered easily and was taken in by Li Hao within three days. No one in the world had expected this.
 Li Hao smiled,"why not?" I met her on the way and almost killed her. She knew that she was no match for me, so smart people would choose to surrender. Only idiots would resist, right?"
 Alright!
  Huang Yu was a little helpless. He kept silent for a while before he said,""The others in the Silvermoon Army are still under control, so it's not a big deal. However, with old Zhao, now that Kong Jie isn't coming back, hou Xiaochen is gone, and Zhou Chuan is gone, I'll leave ..."  He was embarrassed.
 Was it appropriate for everyone to leave?
 Back then, they had agreed to have four guardians protecting Silver Moon.
 Good Lord, it's only been a few months and the people are almost gone.
 A batch of martial masters from the older generation had left, a large number of Silver Moon martial arts experts had left, and now, even he was leaving ...
 Yes, he had decided to leave.
 He could suppress a million supers!
 To stabilize the world!
 To be honest, this was much better than defending the Silver Moon.
 He knew how troublesome it would be if a million powers were to spread.
 It was just that ... He felt a little sorry for old Zhao.
 Old Zhao had made a lot of preparations in Silver Moon. What if ... What if Li Hao did not go through his preparations and annihilated all the powerful enemies outside of Silver Moon?
 Wouldn't that mean that he had prepared for nothing for so many years?
 That's bad!
 However, it would not be a bad thing if the war did not reach Silver moon's territory.
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 After a while, Huang Yu coughed and said,""Then ... Let's go and tell old Zhao? Should I tell him this?"
 "No need!"
 Li Hao laughed,"tell director Zhao that I'm going to deal with Fengyun Pavilion and ask him to release my people .."
 "Are you worried about him?" Huang Yu asked after a moment of silence.
  "It doesn't count,"
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"it's the main city behind the Zhao family. I know that at least one of the eight main cities has betrayed us. I'm not sure which one, but director Zhao has a preconceived notion. Just like me, I don't think heaven battling city is the traitor, and he doesn't think the Zhao family's main city is the traitor ... Since that's the case, let's not interfere with each other."
 Huang Yu hesitated, but Li Hao was right.
 Director Zhao didn't think that the main city of the Zhao family had betrayed them. He suspected heaven battling city.
 It was normal for Li Hao to suspect the city behind him.
 Huang Yu thought for a while and nodded,"okay, I understand."
 Li Hao laughed."It's good that you understand. I have no ill intentions towards director Zhao. However, I'm still wary of the ancient civilizations that have recovered."
 "This is what I should do!"
 Huang Yu nodded."As a modern person, we can admire and worship these ancient people. However, we can not become their puppets. Otherwise ... We will be the next neo martial artist. We might also disappear from this world very soon."
 Neo martial was very strong, but it still disappeared.

 "Then I will not go to see director Zhao. Commander Yu will talk to director Zhao himself. Also ... This time, commander Yu will choose 10000 elite soldiers. All of them will be wearing armor and will hide in the Lin family's ancient castle or even in the ruins. The monster plant in the Lin family's ruins is very strong and can help everyone improve quickly ... If there are any changes, these 10000 elite soldiers will be the key to our victory in the central region."
 Huang Yu's expression changed." 10000 troops?" he asked."That's too much of a commotion."
 "It's fine. I have a battleship that can carry ten thousand people. If we're fast, we can reach the place quickly and hide in the ruins. While no one is paying attention ..."
 "But there are so many people missing from the Silver Moon Army, it might attract attention," he said hesitantly.
 Huang Yu nodded and quickly smiled."It's fine. We've had similar cases before. We'll just say that we're clearing out Pirates. It shouldn't be a problem."
 "That's good!"
 "Armor?" Huang Yu was curious,"what kind of armor?"
 "Heaven-battling puppet!"
 Huang Yu took a deep breath.
 Where did these tens of thousands of sets of armor come from?
  This guy must have ransacked heaven battling city, right?
 With over 10000 armors and entering the ruins to cultivate, this 10000-man army would appear at a critical moment. Not only would they be able to deal with experts, but they would also be able to sweep through the central provinces and attack the major provinces.
 The imperial family's Black armored Army only had ten thousand people.
 Li Hao still had over 2000 demon hunters.
 Moreover, they were not weak.
 Huang Yu's eyes were also shining. He looked at Li Hao and said,""You've really become a teacher?"
 "Of course!"
 Li Hao laughed."In addition, I can also make battle armors, 100 pieces a day. It's not a lot, but it can be used to repair the battle armors, which will consume some divine power stones. I will give this to commander Yu. This way, even if there is a shortage of members, it can be quickly filled."
 Huang Yu swallowed his saliva. A production line?
 He suddenly felt that he had lived for nothing for the past few decades!
 "I know that all main cities have it, but it's not for sale. You won't even be able to get your hands on it. This is also the key to the main city's Arsenal, you ..."
 "In heaven battling city, I'm now a commander-level figure!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I have the final say in heaven battling city now!" Li Hao said proudly.
 Go to hell!
 Even though Huang Yu didn't believe it, he was still shocked. Old Zhao had been with the Zhao family for so many years, but now, he had barely managed to get the title of counselor of the city Lord's mansion, which was the manager of the city Lord's mansion.
 In fact, he didn't have any military power, but he had some status there, which was not bad.
 But compared to Li Hao, he was nothing!
 After a few decades, he had climbed to the position of counselor of the city Lord's residence. Was that very impressive?
 In the past, he had thought that she was not bad, to actually be able to strike up a conversation with the city Lord Manor, but now ... Bah!
 He couldn't even be considered an advisor!
 It was just a name. The Zhao family's main city also wanted to use this identity to lock old Zhao in so that they could communicate with each other.
  But all these years, old Zhao really didn't get many good things back.  Ancient civilizations were all like this.
 He was very petty!
 "If you're not on our side and you want to benefit from them, you can take the monster plants as an example. If you exchange for the spring of life that costs 3000 Yuan per drop, 50000 to 60000 Yuan is the normal price. They even started with 100000 Yuan.
 It wasn't just one or two, but almost all of them. Even if they didn't communicate with each other, it wasn't just one or two black-hearted people. All of them were black-hearted.
 "Then I'll make the preparations immediately. When do we leave?"
 "The sooner the better. It's best if we move around midnight. If we move at night, we will attract less attention. Can commander Yu solve this quickly?"
 "Of course, it's just 10000 people. Give me half an hour and I can definitely set off immediately!"
 Li Hao nodded."In terms of supplies, we don't lack storage rings now. We should have some here. I have a lot of food. They're all energy-rich food. It's perfect for the Army. Everyone should have experience in entering the remains, so I won't be participating in what to bring. "
 "Don't worry!"
 Huang Yu laughed,"then I'll go to the administrative Bureau right away. I can leave tonight, anytime!" As for old Zhao ... I told him ... He went to exterminate the bandits!"
 As for whether old Zhao believed it or not, he had no choice. Li Hao insisted on not telling him, and he was in a difficult position.
 "Alright!"
 ……
 After he finished talking to Huang Yu, he had achieved his goal of coming back.
 Li Hao was also very busy.
 Later, he had to bring everyone to the city of superpowers and travel back and forth. Li Hao was almost like a transport plane.
 Silver moon's side had also been hollowed out by him.
 ……
 Late at night, Li Hao returned to heaven battling city.
 This was the first time he saw director Wang.
  The Golden armor was still there, but director Wang didn't wear the mask anymore. Instead, he revealed his true appearance. He wasn't chubby like he had imagined, but a strong man with a serious face.
 It seemed a little majestic!
 Seeing that Li Hao was staring at him, director Wang smiled.""What's wrong? is it different from what you expected?"
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 He was a little shocked when he felt the monstrous aura.
 "This ... Director ... His aura is so strong!"
 "I've just formed my physical body and feel a little uncomfortable, but I'll be able to restrain myself very soon. "
 Director Wang laughed."After so many years, I've been used to living in armor. Now that I have a physical body, I'm not used to it."
 After saying that, he looked at the city Lord's mansion with some nostalgia,""I've been out...For countless years. I'm not quite used to it. "
 The old turtle appeared and smiled.""You're not going out to enjoy yourself. After you leave ... Be careful."

 "Thank you for your concern, Guardian!"
 Director Wang laughed. A moment later, he left the city with Li Hao.
 At the city gate, thousands of Black Phoenix soldiers hammered their chests.
 At this moment, it was a little solemn.
 The ninth Division commander and the others also appeared on the city wall and watched them leave.
 Director Wang turned around. With a loud bang, he hit his chest and shouted,""This time, I won't let down the name of new martial arts or zhantian!"
 "Salute!"
 BOOM!
 The sound of armor being hammered reverberated through the clouds.
 Director Wang's face was so solemn that Li Hao was too embarrassed to say anything.
  He said it as if he was going to die.
 However, at this moment, everyone was very serious, so he couldn't say much. This time, he was going out to make a fortune, not to die. It felt like he was sending them off.
 "Triumphant, gentlemen!"
 The ninth Division commander's voice pierced through the clouds as he shouted,""We must fight! Never retreat in battle! Military orders came first! Obey orders! "Wang Ye, don't embarrass the Wang family. Remember, you're a neo martial artist!"
 "I'll remember it in my heart!"
 Director Wang hollered. He didn't argue with this person anymore and turned to leave.
 Li Hao quickly followed. Director Wang seemed to be solemn and sad, so Li Hao didn't say much.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Soon, general Huai brought five monster plants. They were all very weak, and only a faint source of power seeped out. They felt like they were not even as good as the little tree.
 General Huai also sighed."I've already told them to listen to you when we're outside. General Li ... Take good care!"
 "Definitely!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything more and quickly led his men out.
 The relic opened, and Li Hao's five elements domain quickly condensed.
 Director Wang approached Li Hao and frowned slightly. A violent wave of fluctuations bombarded Li Hao. Li Hao also frowned slightly and glanced at director Wang. The spatial fluctuations caused by this person even surpassed that of Redwood.
 The Redwood was at the peak of immortal realm. Even though it wasn't as strong as before, its origin was still very powerful.
 Director Wang didn't say much. His golden armor appeared and in the next moment, a Black Tortoise seal appeared and covered him. It wasn't enough. With a shout, a giant shield appeared and covered him.
 His aura also gradually weakened.
 Director Wang's expression was serious,"if we work together, you are my weakness. Once you are attacked, or your so-called domain is attacked ... I will be in big trouble. Of course, it's fine in the remains. But in the outside world ... If something happens to you, I will be finished."
 Li Hao nodded slightly and instantly disappeared from the entrance.
 Director Wang was very serious, which Li Hao was not used to.  Just as he was thinking about it, he saw that the ruins behind him had disappeared. Director Wang suddenly revealed a bright smile,""I'm finally out! That guy wanted to threaten me before he left ... Does he really think he's the city Lord?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned.
 Director Wang laughed and put his arm around his shoulder."Stop looking, it's so frustrating. The few guys who have revived in the city, the old turtle is The Guardian, general Huai is The Guardian, your Ninth Division commander is a soldier, but I'm not. I'm just from the security Department ... Facing a few bastards all day long, it's so annoying."
 “……”
 Li Hao was stupefied.
 Director Wang laughed as he looked around and exclaimed,""The outside world has changed a lot. It's really different! But ... I like the aura of life! "Little li, we'll be on the same boat from now on, so we have to work together well. I haven't had a bite in countless years. Is there any good food or special food that can bring me some fun?"
 After saying that, the Golden armor quickly disappeared and turned into a set of sportswear. His long hair instantly disappeared and turned into a slickback.
 Under Li Hao's dumbfounded gaze, director Wang quickly finished his disguise.
 Seeing that Li Hao was looking at him, he laughed."When you're outside, you have to integrate into the local environment and respect the local customs. If you wear strange clothes, you'll seem out of place, right?"
 "Do you have money?"
 "What?"
 "Money, don't you need money? You need money to eat, right? Accommodation costs money, right? Give me a little. I'm penniless. I'm out and I don't have any money on me. How can I do that?"
 "I'm not someone who doesn't pay for food!"Director Wang said with a serious face.
 Li Hao was completely speechless!
 "That ..."
 "Stop this and that! When we're outside, even if you're giving me a salary, you should at least give me a little, right?"
 "Oh right, how far away can I go from you?" director Wang smiled.
  "Within 100 meters."
 "This is a little small."
 Director Wang frowned and patted Li Hao's shoulder like a gangster.""That won't do. Work hard and try to expand the domain. It should cover at least ten thousand meters, right? A hundred meters is too small. Can't you see me when I go to the toilet?"
 Do you need to go to the toilet?
 Li Hao was speechless!
 Director Wang patted his shoulder again."Brother, you can't think like that. Life and survival are different. Even at this time, we should eat and drink. We should be happy for a lifetime. After all these years in heaven battling city, I've already thought it through. We should enjoy when we should."
 At this point, he sighed with emotion."Don't look so sad. Be happy. Kill your enemies in a comfortable way. Kill your enemies in a comfortable way ... That's life!"
 Li Hao couldn't help but say,"director, this ..."
 "Call me brother Wang!"
 Director Wang chuckled,"I already said that it's too depressing and depressing inside. Let's not do this and that. Once we're out, we're free men. We should enjoy ourselves. Do you understand?"

 Li Hao rolled his eyes.
 Who's your little brother? how old are you?
 While they were talking, Li Hao flew in the direction of the palace.
 He directly brought director Wang into' the palace '. Little tree was a little surprised, but director Wang didn't care. He looked at' the palace 'behind little tree and exclaimed,""The palace is not as good as it used to be. Things have remained the same, but people have changed. I came here a few times in the past, but I didn't expect it to be so dilapidated now."
 The sapling was a little alert, but he didn't say anything.
 Li Hao smiled."Senior Imperial Guard, don't worry about it. It's time for us to leave. Let's seal this place!"
 The little tree did not say anything and quickly turned into a crystal clear little tree.
 "You're going out too?"director Wang laughed. Alright, come, land on my shoulder. Come with me, so that you won't be minced into pieces! Brother Li, can you handle it?"
 "I can barely do it!"
 "That's good. Otherwise, whoever kills you now, I, the guards of the Imperial Palace, and the five auxiliary generals will all be finished. We'll capture them all in one fell swoop!"
  Jinx!
 Li Hao cursed in his heart. Who can kill me on the ground?
 What a joke!
 Besides, didn't you recover?
 This guy, why did he talk so much?
 Little tree was also very awkward. If he had known that there would be people following Li Hao ... He wouldn't have left. He kept feeling that there was something wrong with the way this guy was looking at him.
 Director Wang seemed to have sensed it and laughed,""Unfortunately, it's a poplar tree, not a fruit tree. Otherwise, we could get some fruit to eat. When heaven battling city introduced locust trees back then, I didn't think it was a good idea ..."
 Li Hao didn't bother to reply. After this person came out, he kept on talking.
 He left the place with little tree.
 The ruins of the Imperial Palace trembled slightly. Li Hao vaguely saw a withered tree covering the entire Imperial Palace. Clearly, the little tree had covered the Imperial Palace with the remains of its father.
 ……
 By the time Li Hao met up with Huang Yu, the Army of more than 10000 soldiers had already put on their armor and were silent.
 On the drill ground, it was frighteningly quiet.
 It was as if there was no living person.
 When director Wang saw the 10000 armored soldiers, he was slightly stunned. At this moment, he looked serious, as if he had seen something. He saw the heaven battling Army of the past, even though their strength was not the same as before.
 However, this Army had strict military discipline.
 ,m He looked at Huang Yu and said nothing.  Huang Yu, on the other hand, only glanced at director Wang and frowned. He didn't say anything. He didn't recognize him, and it was impossible for him to recognize him. He just felt that Li Hao had found another strong Esper.
 He really had some ability!
 Li Hao didn't say anything. Soon, an air combat Ship appeared. Huang Yu took a deep breath and said in a low voice,""Board the ship!"
 Tens of thousands of soldiers didn't say a word and quickly boarded the ship.
 Director Wang silently observed and said,""He's a little weak, but his military discipline is good. He's wearing the armor of the heaven battling Army ... He's not bad. If he's too trashy, I wouldn't be able to stand it."
 "This is the Silver Moon Army, one of the most elite armies in the world."
 "Is that so?"
 Director Wang smiled and didn't say much.
  The most elite army ... Was this it?  Alright, then.
 He couldn't say much.
 The aerial battleship was still very large. This thing could even shuttle through the void, traveling a thousand miles at a time. In the past, it was used to deal with peak cultivators, but now, it could only be used for show.
 With more than ten thousand people entering, it was not too crowded. There was still some space inside.
 Li Hao boarded the warship and quickly connected to the Golden armor. He instantly teleported and disappeared. A large number of divine power stones were burning, but Li Hao didn't care anymore.
 ……
 After Li Hao and the others left for a long time, director Zhao suddenly appeared and frowned.""He left so fast ... Bastard, it's Li Hao again?"
 He didn't get close just now, but when Huang Yu said that he was leaving, he knew that Li Hao, that B * stard, was here to poach him.
 "He took the Army ..."
 He frowned slightly. For Li Hao, what was the point of taking the Army with him?
 He couldn't understand!
 Also, although he didn't get close just now, he could vaguely feel a great threat!
 What was going on?
 Director Zhao thought to himself and sighed. Silver Moon was the center of the world now that they were gone. If they all ran away, would they still be able to protect Silver Moon?
 ……
 With the help of the aerial battleship, Li Hao's speed was very fast.
 It was just that the consumption was a little too big.
 However, he was under too much stress right now. He had to quickly place the five monster plants into the territory of the dead monster plants.
 He shuttled through the void for a while.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The huge warship was wandering in the dark.
 Not long after, they arrived at the superpower City.
 Li Hao was not in a hurry to settle down Huang Yu and the others. Instead, he quickly took the five monster plants and started settling them down. With the five of them to replenish their energy, the energy tide in the vicinity was quickly gone.
 Sure enough, the moment the five of them entered the ruins, the rich energy disappeared in the blink of an eye.
 ……
  Where the Redwood was.
 The Redwood instantly woke up, and in the next moment, it could not help but curse.
 A Hungry Ghost is here?
 Who did Li Hao get?
 In an instant, the abundant energy disappeared in the blink of an eye. Although it had not been hungry recently, this newcomer seemed to have never seen energy before.
 'Damn it!'
 Just as he was thinking, his body suddenly moved.
 In the next moment, a huge warship directly shuttled in.
 Hong Mu was shocked. Li Hao?
 Just as he was thinking about it, a familiar voice rang out in his heart. "Isn't this a base station? There used to be a redwood tree here, right?"

