fileno%d
at this moment, it did not make sense to reason with him.
 To reason with these stupid demons?
 What a joke!
 The only way was to beat them into submission!
 Originally, the Li Dynasty had been prepared to subdue the demon race of the Cang Mountain. It was good ... To get rid of these thorns first.
 However, if the few Silver Moon martial masters managed to escape, the news of the Li Dynasty's invasion might be leaked.
 The Golden body powerhouse chasing him was slightly angry.
 He had to kill these great demons!
 ……
 In the air, the Golden Condor grabbed a few people and made them bleed, but it didn't care about that.
  "Who's the Golden spear?"he asked.
 On the claw, Jin zhengqi was panting, blood was flowing out, and he was weak. His internal organs were broken, and he said weakly,""It's me!"
 "You're one of the thirty-five pieces of trash?"
 The Golden spear was speechless.
 He somewhat knew the identity of these demons.
 In the past, Yuan Shuo had merged the five Forces in the Cang mountains and observed the five demons.
 However, there were only the bird, ape, and Tiger here. Where was the bear? Where's the deer?
 However, there was an additional snake. Could it be that Yuan Shuo had once comprehended the sixth force, but had hidden it?
 However, now that the Condor had saved them, and he was in a hurry to go back and report, he knew that he couldn't afford to offend them. He could only say,""You can say so!"
 "You recognize that earth overturning sword?"
 "Yes, I do."
 "That's good!"
 "Do you know any native silver Moon powerhouses?" the Golden Condor asked.
 Nonsense!
 "I know him!"
 "That's good ... We're going to cross the Silver Moon and enter the four Seas. We'll take you to the Silver Moon ... The Silver Moon Martial Master won't oppose us, right?"
 "No," Jin Jin quickly replied."As long as the powerful monsters can bring us back, we can meet the powerful ones guarding the Silver Moon and pass on the news of the Li Dynasty's invasion. Not only will we not stop them, but we will also be given great benefits ..."
 At this moment, he could only hope so.
 The Golden Eagle was powerful and could fly. Such flying demons were very fast and could avoid many troubles. It was also the Cang Mountain demon clan, so it could avoid the powerful demons.
 If they were able to return successfully ... They would then have a chance to inform Silver Moon about this.
 "Great benefits?"
 The Golden Eagle didn't care. It only sent a mental wave."You look like you're about to die. You don't even have a few drops of the spring of life left. You can't save yourselves ... Where are you going to get us benefits?"
 Pauper!
 This pauper wants to give us great benefits?
 Jin Jin couldn't care less at this moment, and he hurriedly said,"Yes. The Silver Moon Martial Master went to stellarsky city, the Imperial City of the stellarsky dynasty, and has established himself in the Imperial City. Demonic sword Li Hao has obtained great authority and has cooperated with some ancient monster plants, and he can provide you with many benefits ..."
 Li Hao?
 This name was a little familiar.
 The Golden Condor thought to himself. Below, the Tiger that was running so fast that its tongue was sticking out suddenly flew up into the air and asked curiously,""You know a person ... It's ..."
 "Yes, I do. It's yuan Shuo, one of the five bird Kings!"
  Before it could finish its question, golden spear quickly said,""I know who you're talking about. He's also the master of demonic sword Li Hao, and he's also starting to rise ..."  Alright!
 "What is his current level of strength?" the ferocious Tiger was a little curious.
 "It's probably ... A divine power?"the Golden spear replied.
 Who knows?
 After a few months, he had no idea how strong Yuan Shuo was. However, Yuan Shuo was already close to God art.
 "Divine ability?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "It's ... The same as you ..."
 "Equal to us?"
 At this moment, the fierce Tiger's eyes instantly brightened."He only has the power of God art?"
 This meant ...
 The next moment, the great demons were tempted.
 The fellow who bullied us in the past only has the power of a divine ability?
 So ... We can take revenge?
 Kill that bastard!
 "Do you know where he is?"
 "I don't know ... But I can find him!"
 At this moment, Jin gun also realized something, but ... This is a matter for later. Let's talk about it after we get back. As for Yuan Shuo ... He should be fine, right?
 Forget it!
 "I can bring you to him!"
 "Alright!"
 A few great demons quickly gathered and climbed onto the Golden Condor. The Golden Condor didn't care. Its powerful strength quickly burst out. It felt like it was shuttling through the void at an extremely fast speed.
 As for gold spear and the others, they were about to die ... But they were still alive, right?
 As long as they could bring him to Silver Moon alive, what did it matter to them whether he lived or died?
 As for wasting treasures to save them ... Forget it.
 Silver Moon and his group of poor martial masters might not even be able to pay them, so why would he save them?
 As for Yuan Shuo, it's the same if we find him ourselves.
 A few great demons shuttled between the sky and the earth. With the speed of the Golden Condor, they quickly shook off the pursuers behind them. The few great demons continued to shuttle, and soon, the other side of the Cang Mountain could be seen.
 The Golden Eagle screeched sharply and returned!
  They had already seen their territory.
 A wave of spiritual fluctuation spread out,"my sons, come out of the mountain!" Go to the heart of the Central Plains, the Cang mountains are no longer safe. Follow us to Heavenly Star and be the king!"
 In an instant, countless demons at the edge of the Green Mountain roared.
 Soon, hundreds of thousands of demons rushed out from all directions.
 In the air, there were still demons flying over, following the Kings. They were all very excited. Were they going to leave the Cang mountains?
 Go to the human world to have fun!
 The great demons quickly gathered. They didn't care about their family business. There wasn't anything good left in the Cang mountains. They would run first.
 ……
 At the foot of the grey Mountain.
 At this moment, there were actually sentries present.

 In order to defend against the Li Dynasty, director Zhao had also made preparations. However, he didn't expect that many of the origin source avatars of those powerhouses would be killed. The remaining ones were being held back by the ancient city avatars and couldn't play their role.
 The first batch of origin source doppelgangers had average strength, because the world was not as stable as it was today.
 Some of them had only cut off a part of their origin source and did not have any peak power at all. They could barely even use The Power of Six elements.
 When he encountered a true Paragon clone ... How could he be a match for it?
 When they saw a big demon emerging from the mountain, someone at the Sentry post quickly sent a message. The demon race of the Cang Mountain had come out!
 ……
 White moon City.
 Director Zhao was still having a headache over Silver moon's matter when a piece of Jade suddenly vibrated.
 He picked it up and immediately frowned.
 The Cang Mountain Monster race had left the mountain?
  How could this be?
 Many of the origin avatars of the powerhouses from the ancient civilizations should be in the Cang mountains, right? why didn't anyone warn them?
 Frowning slightly, he quickly got up, feeling a little weak. In the past, when he encountered such a situation, he could call for others to handle it, but now ... Those bastards had all run away, and now they were even more successful in the central region.
 He knew that he could not call these people back.
 He could only do it himself!
 "Silver Moon guards, quickly move out and head towards the Silver City ... There are demons from the Cang Mountain coming down!"
 With an order, a team of experts quickly followed director Zhao towards the Silver City.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for director Zhao, he also sped up. He frowned slightly. At this moment, he didn't feel that it was too troublesome. Although the Cang Mountain demon race was strong, they probably didn't send all of them.
 It was fine as long as there were no problems in the Li Dynasty!
 Moreover, he had already made arrangements, so there shouldn't be any problems.
 Silver City was still very far from white moon City.
 However, director Zhao's strength wasn't to be underestimated. Seeing his communication Jade vibrating non-stop, he couldn't wait any longer."Come after me, I'll go take a look first ..."
 In the blink of an eye, the void split open.
 Director Zhao's speed was also extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, he had crossed hundreds of miles. He had crossed over and over again, leaving many cracks on his body. However, they healed very quickly. He was very strong and terrifying.
 ……
 Central region.
 Li Hao was still leading his men to annihilate the experts in the remains, either subduing, banishing, or killing them!
 This was the fourth day he led the team to battle.
 He had killed three monster plants, tamed five monster plants, and two of them were actually willing to serve heaven battling city. Li Hao could only say that a person's reputation was not because heaven battling city was good now, but because heaven battling city represented the inheritance of the new martial arts.
 These monster plants were still afraid of neo martial and felt that neo martial was still there.
 Li Hao wasn't too satisfied with the progress of solving ten remains in four days, but it was still acceptable.
  In addition to the twelve aristocratic families, there were still six known monster plants that had not been dealt with.  As a result ... It would not be too bad to deal with it later.
 At the very least, with the ones in Heavenly Star Town, it was more or less enough to send a monster plant to oversee a martial arts college.
 Just as Li Hao was about to head to the next ruin, Huang Yu, who had been following him, suddenly frowned and said,""Silver Moon has an urgent report. The Cang Mountain demon clan has left the Cang Mountain. They saw a Golden Eagle and seemed to have captured a few people ..."
 Golden Eagle?
 Li Hao was stunned. He looked at Southern Fist, who was not far away. Southern Fist's eyes immediately lit up. "Don't tell me there are Tigers, giant apes, and snakes?"
 He grinned and said,"I was going to look for them, but I didn't expect them to come out of the mountains!" I've sent people to look for them before, and they said they were missing ... These great demons almost killed me!"
 That day, they had almost died in the Cang mountains.
 Later on, it was said that those great demons had all run away. It was unknown if they had known about the danger in advance.
 Now, he had actually come out!
 He's really bold!
 On the other hand, the ninth master's expression was solemn.""The monster race of the grey Mountain? The Cang Mountain Monster race dared to come to the land of Silver Moon? Due to the revival of the main city, the aura in the land of Silver Moon is extremely powerful. It is difficult for the weak to sense it, but the strong can. It is even more so for the monster race. Would the monster race dare to leave the Cang mountains and come to Silver Moon?"
 He felt that it was slightly inappropriate.
 Unless the monster race was very weak. However, a weak monster race would not be remembered by Nan Quan.
 "The demons of the Cang Mountain have come down," Li Hao said doubtfully."The Golden Eagle ... Is it here to take revenge on my teacher?"
 “……”
 Everyone was silent.
 Li Hao also laughed."These demons might be the ones who my teacher observed the secret technique of five birds. They're not weak. Back then, they already had the strength to transform. Now, they might have reached the divine power level ... Of course, it seems that's the case now."
 The sacred arts of the few of them were not weak.
 However, there were many experts in the land of Silver Moon, and director Zhao was there, so Li Hao felt that it wasn't a big problem.
 While he was talking, the communication Jade in Huang Yu's hand suddenly flickered.
  Huang Yu took a look and his expression changed.""Old Zhao has sent a message ..."
 Director Zhao would not send them any messages unless they were in trouble.
 At this moment, he received a message.
 Huang Yu took a deep breath. He did not announce it to the public. Instead, he sent a message to Li Hao."Quickly return! The Li Dynasty raised its Army and crossed the Cang mountains to invade the Silver Moon! Hundreds of ancient civilization powerhouses 'original source avatars have disappeared, either dead or hidden ... The Li Dynasty is unfathomable!"
 Li Hao's expression also changed slightly.
 100 origin doppelgangers ... No matter how strong they were, the origin doppelgangers should at least have the power of a magical ability, right?
 A hundred ... Gone?
 The Li Dynasty sent out their troops and crossed the Cang mountains!
 How could this be?
 Li Hao's expression changed. There were people from the dynasty in the four big countries. The inspection Office had arranged for them to do so, but they had yet to send back any news, unless they were extremely fast!

 Before this, the other party did not show any signs of sending out troops. It was a sudden attack, which was why it was so abrupt.
 Li Hao frowned.
 The chaotic situation in stellarsky was not over yet, the four continents had not been resolved, the new martial arts had not been completely spread, and the strong had not appeared yet ...
 He had originally thought of appeasing the internal forces and letting heavenstar rest for a period of time before raising his troops to deal with the four countries. Who knew that the other party would take the first step?
 "Why now?" Li Hao frowned and said in a low voice.
 Strange!
 Even if the four countries wanted to send out their troops, this timing was really good.
 It just so happened to be the time when there were many things to be done!
 If Li Hao had more time, he could take over the square continent and clear all the ruins except for the Silver Moon continent. With more experts under his command, he would not have to fear the square continent.
 But now ... It was only the beginning.
  Li Hao thought of the 14 origin avatars that had been killed. He had a vague guess. Could it be related to these people?
 Li Hao looked around and sighed.
 He had wanted to clear out all the ruins in the central continent, but now ... He might have to go to Silver Moon first.
 Li Hao did not wish to return to Silver Moon.
 However, the Silver City was at the foot of the Cang mountains. If the Li Dynasty sent out their troops, there might be a lot of powerful people, and if there was someone supporting them from behind ... The Silver Moon might not be able to stop them.
 After taking a deep breath, Li Hao said,"Demon Hunter Army, prepare for battle!" From this moment on, he rushed to the Silver Moon! Summon 10,000 night patrollers and 30000 Foundation establishment supers to the Silver Moon!"
 "The nine divisions and the imperial family have left behind a super Army. Recruit 20000 people. Mu Qingsong and Chen Zhongtian will personally lead the Army ... And quickly rush to Silver Moon!"
 Everyone's expression turned grave.
 Had something happened to Silver Moon?
 "The Li Dynasty ... Has invaded!"
 Li Hao's loud voice stunned everyone. Li Hao's voice was cold."Tell the world that the Li Dynasty is invading with tens of millions of soldiers and millions of transcendents, wanting to wipe out the entire planet in one fell swoop. I also want to see if the overlords of the other continents are going to take the opportunity to cause trouble or what? I'd like to see ... What will these people do when their homes are invaded?"
 "Send a message to the 19 provinces in the North. The Civil War has stopped. All major provinces, send 100000 soldiers, 10000 transcendents, and all super cannons ... Bring them all! Send out the Silver Moon Army to stop the enemy!"
 "Anyone who doesn't obey ... Will be exterminated!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao's voice was cold and harsh. At this moment, a murderous aura rose.
 He didn't want to use too violent means to take down the four continents. He wanted to make the overlords surrender on their own initiative, so that they would lose the support of the people and choose to surrender earlier.
 To take down the four continents without shedding a single drop of blood ... But changes always came faster than plans.
 "In addition, send a message to the Wu country Duke's public house, quelling country Duke's public house, and the dingguo Marquis's public house to be on guard against the three great countries outside the three continents. The civil wars in the four continents can temporarily stop and we can work together against the external forces! If I can't ... And the three continents are invaded ... I'll chop off their heads as a sacrifice to the flag!"
 "Yes!"
 Everyone responded one after another. They were extremely solemn.  The Li Dynasty was invading ... What about the other three parties?
 If it was just the Li Dynasty alone, heavenstar was not weak and did not fear it. However, once the other three parties also began to attack heavenstar ... Then it would be a big problem.
 The four continents were not in Li Hao's hands yet.
 "Governor," someone said in a low voice,"why don't we ... Wait for the other three countries to invade the three continents. We'll wait until the three continents 'strength is exhausted, their people have fled, and their hegemony has disappeared ... Then we'll go ..."
 He didn't finish his sentence, but his meaning was obvious. If he were to care about the other three continents now, he might be attacked from both sides.
 Moreover, it might not be enough to manage all of them.
 It's better not to care!
 Silver Moon could not ignore this, but the other three parties ... Why would they care?!
 "The people have suffered, and the Overlord has been destroyed. It might be better for us to go and clean up the mess.
 In this way, after suffering, the people of the three continents would see them as saviors, and the overlords would no longer be able to cause any trouble. Although they would suffer a lot of losses and many people would die ... For the ambitious overlords of the world ... This was simply a heaven-sent opportunity!
 Moreover, the fact was that Li Hao's side couldn't resist all four sides at the same time.
 Although it was only the Li Dynasty's invasion, didn't the other three parties take any action?
 It was very likely to be the same!
 Silver moon's situation was very complicated, and everyone would be stuck in a quagmire soon. It would be better to give up on supporting the other three continents and let the experts of the other three continents fight them!
 Would those overlords be willing to give up their territory?
 Li Hao looked at the man who spoke. He was not surprised as it was Qian Wuliang, the scholar who chose to side with him in SuperPower City.
 It has the ability to sense emotions.
 Due to their special abilities, he and clairaudient had been following Li Hao's group.
  The two of them had also contributed to the annihilation of the 14 powerhouses last time.
 This was a leader-class elite who could gather thousands of supers in a single night. It was not that he was powerful, but that he had abilities that no one else had.
 Was this suggestion wrong?
 It did not count.
 Even though no one agreed to it directly, no one dissuaded it at this moment. This meant that this suggestion had been approved by some.
 Right now, Li Hao's side didn't have enough people.
 They did not have enough soldiers!
 Furthermore, many of the superpowers had just surrendered not long ago, so it was not a good time to use them. They were recruited to Silver Moon, and Li Hao was in charge.
 However, did the three continents still need to recruit these people?
 Were they not afraid of colluding with the experts of the three continents and betraying Li Hao?

 In that case, it would be better to let the three continents be destroyed ... Although there would be great losses, as long as Li Hao could defeat the Li Dynasty and counterattack, he would be able to resolve the trouble of the three continents and unify the world.
 There was no difficulty at all!
 No one said anything. At this moment, even the ninth Division commander and the other neo-martial experts didn't say anything, because ... What this person said wasn't unreasonable. Moreover, Li Hao really couldn't do it alone.
 There were internal and external problems, Silver Moon still had many ancient existences, the mastermind behind the betrayal of neo martial, and the three major organizations in the North ...
 How could he solve the crisis with his clones?
 Li Hao took a deep breath."My ambition ... Isn't simply to unify the world!" He said.
 He looked at the crowd."Everyone, perhaps I, Li Hao, am too arrogant and have overestimated myself. Perhaps I'm young and impulsive. I understand logic! That's all there is to his strength. "
 "But ... What I want to deal with isn't those overlords. I just want Heavenly Star and silver Moon to live a different life from the other eras ... Do the people have to live in misery at the end of the dynasty? I'm not a scholar ... But I'm a Jianghu swordsman ... I'm half a scholar ..."
 Li Hao laughed and said,"but I think, even if I can't become a saint, I still have to see injustice and draw my sword to see blood!" Don't forget who we are. Most of the people in the governor's office were Jianghu heroes! Then let's act on impulse for once. Will the people of the martial world ... Cower in fear of difficulties?"
 Li Hao's voice spread."The strong take the lead. There's a good saying in neo martial arts. Only by protecting the weak can we create continuous strong people!" Were the four countries very powerful? In this era, infighting is already enough to make people despair. At this moment, if we don't care about the invasion of foreign enemies, even if we conquer the world, how many of those survivors will submit?"
  "The other three forces have not made any moves yet. As long as we are fast enough and break the Li Dynasty's dog paws ... We will have the time and strength to deal with the other three forces!"
 Then, Li Hao shouted in a low voice, light, we will create it ourselves! In the end, darkness could not rule this land! Li Hao wasn't talented, but he was willing to be the flame of this era and light up the direction for the world! Even if it's extinguished, we must let people see the road ahead. An Army can't be an Army, an official can't be an official, the dark era ... Is ultimately just the past!"
 "Fight!"
 It was like a tsunami!
 At this moment, the Demon Hunter Army all shouted loudly!
 At this moment, the silent heaven battling Army pounded their chests. The heaven battling Army ... Was also willing to contribute to the light of this era.
 The ninth Division commander glanced at Li Hao. After a moment of silence, he slowly said,""In this battle, heaven battling city can send 10000 soldiers! The heaven-battling Army ... Can be the vanguard!"
 "Many thanks!"
 Li Hao didn't say much. He ordered,""Let's go to the Silver Moon!"
 "Yes!"
 The sound shook the world!
 Earth burrowing shuttles and airships appeared one after another.
 As for Li Hao, he put down everything and led a group of experts toward Silver Moon. He continuously sent out military orders, asking for support from stellarsky city!
 The news of the Li Dynasty's invasion also began to spread quickly.
 The Heavenly Star shook once again.
 Li Hao didn't try to hide it.
 He wanted to see if the world ... After so many years of suffering and baptism, was it still in the chaotic end of the world?
 ……
 At this moment, in Silver City.
 Director Zhao's expression was extremely ugly.
 'Damn it!'
 Before the internal problems were solved, the external problems came. Looking at Jin gun and the others, he quickly took out a large amount of spring of life to repair their internal organs. Then, he looked at the mighty demonic beasts, took a deep breath, and bowed,"Thank you for your help, my monster race friends! I appreciate your kindness, but if you have any requests, feel free to state them and I'll do my best to fulfill them!"
 The great demons looked at each other ...
 In a poor place, if there was a request, he would try to satisfy it ... Satisfy my ass.
 The Tiger's spirit fluctuated."You don't look weak ... You should have some treasures. First, give us the Silver Moon. Second, give us hundreds of thousands of divine power stones ... Eight to ten drops of the spring of life ... Do you have any?"
 Director Zhao was stunned.
 Just this?
  These greater demons weren't weak either. They had the power of divine abilities. Honestly speaking ... It wasn't too much to ask for such a small amount.  He thought for a moment, then nodded and said,"sure, it's a small matter ... But the Silver Moon ... Are you sure you want to pay the Silver Moon?" It's not safe outside of the Silver Moon ... And once we go out, we might run into the reinforcements ..."
 "You're really giving it to me?"
 The White Tiger did not care about the reinforcements. Instead, he thought,"the Silvermoon people are rich now?"
 There were hundreds of thousands of divine energy stones!
 "Of course!"
 Director Zhao nodded."If you guys really want to use the Silver Moon ... I'll send someone to escort it. However, it's best if you don't go out. Even if you insist on going out ... If you encounter the reinforcement Army, you must report your background and name at the first moment, just in case."
 The few great demons didn't care too much.
 What was there to be afraid of?
 The few of us can do as we please on Heavenly Star.
 "You guys should be worried that the Li Dynasty will breach this place. Next, the Li Dynasty will enter Heavenly Star!
 Seeing the few demons so insistent, director Zhao was helpless.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, on second thought, it shouldn't be a big problem.
 Now that they had left Silver Moon, it was very likely that they would encounter the various experts from heavenstar who had come to their aid ... At that time, these guys would know that it was even more dangerous outside. They would know that it was a few great demons who had sent people back to report, so they probably would not kill them directly.
 They were only a few Sacred Arts with the strength of two or three elements. Now, any famous Martial Master of Silver Moon could easily kill them.
 The few great demons happily accepted the benefits and thought that this old man was probably an idiot. They didn't care how he persuaded them and instantly left with a Silver Moon Guard. They didn't want to stay here. The powerful cultivators of the Li Dynasty were here, and none of them could escape.
 Even after they left, director Zhao still felt helpless.
 "Let them go," Jin Jin said as he coughed up blood."They saved us, so let's send the news back as soon as possible ... It's dangerous to stay here ..."
 Director Zhao was speechless.
 "That's not what I meant. I don't want them to stay and die ... Forget it, you won't understand even if I tell you."
 Director Zhao shook his head. This guy probably thought that he left them behind to defend.
 What's the point of leaving a few divine powers behind?
 The Golden spear ... He had really overestimated these great demons.
 He exhaled and said,"don't worry. The Heavenly Star military governor's office has already sent a message. Reinforcements will come immediately. If the Li Dynasty dares to invade ... This time, they will definitely be destroyed here!"
 Jin gun and the others all looked worried.
 Anyone could boast.
 But ... The Li Dynasty was really strong.
  An old Martial Master said in a low voice,"the Li Dynasty has sent millions of soldiers, and all of them are transcendents. There are countless powerhouses. According to the Golden spear, there are probably no less than a thousand people in the transcendent realm ... It's extremely terrifying!" It's even said that the king of Dali is as powerful as the powerhouses in the ancient ruins ... Silvermoon, evacuate the people as soon as possible!"
 "We're not weak either!"
 "Silver Moon has millions of soldiers and millions of supers at Heavenly Star," director Zhao said."There are tens of thousands of mountain and sea supers ... There's nothing to fear!"
 The martial masters cursed silently. F * cking idiot Zhao Shuguang!
 You're still bragging at a time like this.
 As an official, was he really not afraid of Silver moon's death?
 When director Zhao saw this, he was helpless.
 I'm not bragging, it's Li Hao who said it. As for whether or not the mountains and seas exceed 10000 ... I'm just passing on the message. Even if they don't exceed 10000 mountains and seas, they're still extremely powerful and don't have to be afraid of the Li Dynasty.
 At this moment, he was more worried about the ancient city experts inside the Silver Moon City. If origin source clones appeared one after another, it would be a huge problem. He would be attacked from both sides!
 Of course, he didn't feel like explaining it bit by bit. He quickly began to make arrangements to evacuate the Silver City's people. He didn't have to evacuate the other places, as the Silver City might become one of the main battlefields.

 The star dynasty was shaken.
 Previously, when Li Hao said that the four countries had invaded, killed his family, and destroyed his civilization ... Most people had thought that Li Hao was just bluffing and that it was nonsense.
 The dynasty had lasted for 200 years. Although it was unstable, almost no one knew of the existence of the four dynasties.
 They all thought that the star dynasty was the only one in the world.
 However, on this day, a Military Order spread out.
 The Li Dynasty had invaded!
 In the North, opposite the grey Mountain, the Li Dynasty had raised an Army of tens of millions and millions of supers. They crossed the grey Mountain and were about to invade the star dynasty. Not only that, but the other three parties were also about to go to war.
 On this day, the entire heavenstar was at a loss.
 Were there really four countries?
 On this day, a large number of supers began to gather and set off for the North. The Heavenly Star governor's office ordered to transfer 100000 infrastructure supers and nine imperial family supers to the land of Silver Moon in the North to fight against the Li Dynasty.
  For the other three continents, the Heavenly Star military governor had also given the order to give up on civil wars and be on guard against the invasion of the three great countries. The Heavenly Star military governor would provide full support.
 There was no need for internal peace to resist foreign aggression!
 It was everyone's responsibility to guard their territory. It was for their family, friends, people, and themselves.
 The governor's office quickly issued another Military Order.
 All the superpowers and martial masters in the world could receive the order and head to the four continents to face the enemy and defend Heavenly Star. It was not the responsibility of one family!
 Military orders were issued one after another.
 In the Heavenly Star Town, a large number of divine power stones were excavated. All the monster plants only had one order, which was to produce the spring of life. A large number of resources were sent to the front line.
 In the era of the extraordinary, when the sky screen had already been opened.
 At this moment, the speed was still very fast.
 The Heavenly Star military governor's office was even more efficient without any constraints.
 Director Zhou and Lin Hongyu were in charge of the deployment and were in charge of Sky Star City.
 Hong Yitang hadn't been transferred away. At this moment, Li Hao had given him the position of Heavenly Star Inspector, who was in charge of supervising the middle section and eliminating rebellions in case of any accidents.
 Kong Jie and the six elders were also left behind to oversee the various provinces and continue to supervise the construction work. They were also there to watch over the supers just in case.
 ……
 In the North.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The moment the news came out, everyone was shocked.
 In the past year, the 19 provinces in the North had also been in constant turmoil. However, even the turmoil in the three northern provinces was only on a small scale. This time, it was the neighboring Li Dynasty who had sent troops to invade!
 Linjiang governor's mansion.
 Fan Chang was overjoyed."Good!"  Fan Chang was extremely excited!
 In the past few days, Silver Moon had sent out his troops to clear out the Pirates and seize control of the North Sea. His Army had arrived at Linjiang, and he was terrified that Silver Moon would come to Linjiang Prefecture one day and take his head.
 Seeing Silvermoon's Army charge straight into the Linjiang Prefecture, he was also in despair.
 But now ... The Li Dynasty had invaded!
 The Silvermoon Army, which was already close to the Linjiang Prefecture, quickly retreated and began to withdraw from the Linjiang territory. Zhao Shuguang's hope of quickly pacifying the North was disrupted by the Li Dynasty's invasion.
 How could fan Chang not be happy?
 Not only was he happy, but he also gritted his teeth and said coldly,""I have a grudge against Li Hao and the others. The others can surrender, but we can 't! This is also an opportunity. Linjiang has also been in contact with the grey Mountains ... Although it's only a small section, don't forget that the grey Mountains are not only connected to the Silver Moon!"
 "Governor," a tactician said in a deep voice from below,"now that the enemy has invaded, Silver Moon is facing the invasion of millions of transcendents from the Li Dynasty ... Once Silver Moon is destroyed, Linjiang will be in danger! Now, the Heavenly Star governor's office has also sent an order ... In the four continents, those who have made great contributions in the war can be punished at their discretion ..."
 "Bullshit!"
 Fan Chang shouted coldly,"Li Hao is a joke if he still wants to be punished after he has won the war!" Since ancient times, who would investigate the crimes committed during the struggle for hegemony? Li Hao is the only one who wants to investigate the crimes of the old dynasty. Isn't that laughable?"
 Li Hao was too much of a scholar.
 At least, that was what he thought.
 Fighting for hegemony ... Who could be a good person?
 Did they have to kill all the overlords of the world?
 If he was willing to surrender, as a wise Lord, he would let bygones be bygones. However, because he was close to Silver Moon, he had actually wanted to surrender when Li Hao was dominating the central region.
 In the end ... Li Hao said that the guilty would be punished!
 What a joke!
 Among the current overlords, how many of them were innocent?
  So, surrendering meant death?
 Li Hao's order put an end to his dream of becoming a king. Many people in the four continents actually wanted to surrender, but after hearing these words ... They all chose to wait and see, not daring to surrender.
 Who would dare to have a clear conscience?
 Now, the Heavenly Star military governor's office had given another order. If the local overlords had rendered Meritorious Service in this war, they could be exempted from death at their discretion ... What a joke, they were only exempted from death, not promoted to a higher rank ... They had to go to jail if they had to!
 The trial had to be judged!
 So, after winning, there will be countless deaths and injuries, and I'll put in a lot of effort just because you don't want to cut off my head?
 In fan Chang's eyes, this was a joke.
 It was a joke!
 As long as the world's Overlord was a clear-headed person, they would not make such a choice. After winning the four countries and making contributions, they would only be spared from death. Who would be willing to do so?
 Below, the tactician frowned slightly. After thinking for a while, he said,""Governor, the Silver Moon's side is currently strong and powerful. Although the world has yet to be unified, there is almost no room for resistance in the central region. We are adjacent to the Silver Moon, and the nine divisions and imperial family have been destroyed! Linjiang is unable to fight against Silvermoon, and this is a rare opportunity ..."

 This was an opportunity.
 Previously, no one had tried to persuade fan Chang, because doing so would be sending him to his death. No one dared to do so.
 But now, as long as they immediately mobilized their troops and helped Silver Moon resist the Li Dynasty, they would be able to defeat the Li Dynasty. Even if fan Chang was guilty, Li Hao had given the order to spare his life ... As long as he did not die, he would have a chance.
 Therefore, as a tactician, he was still willing to persuade her.
 However, his words made fan Chang extremely annoyed.
 A rare opportunity?
 Was this an opportunity?
 What a joke!
 He looked at the man and said in a low voice, it seems that many people in the Linjiang Prefecture have been frightened by Li Hao. You guys don't really think that he's speaking the truth about the tens of thousands of mountains and seas, do you?"
 "Your Excellency ..."
  "Alright, that's enough!"
 "I know what I'm doing, so there's no need to say anything more!" Fan Chang said indifferently.
 Seeing this, the tactician felt a little helpless and spoke again,""My Lord, you can not collude with the Li Dynasty! The Li Dynasty, according to the records in the history books, was a Savage Land. During the barbaric era, civilization was broken, and they believed in the gods of the beginner level martial arts. However, the beginner level martial arts had long been replaced by the new martial arts, and they were defeated again and again ..."
 Choosing to collude with the Li Dynasty was the most unwise decision.
 "The people of the Li Dynasty are treating us like grass ..." He said hurriedly.
 "Alright, that's enough!"
 Fan Chang's eyes gradually turned cold,"I've already said that I know what I'm doing!" Director han, are you giving me advice?"
 Below, the tactician sighed and retreated back into the ranks, no longer speaking.
 A general dressed as an expert took a step forward and said coldly,""Your Excellency, don't listen to the words of a scholar like Han Yang. Linjiang has a strong Army. If Li Hao is really a wise leader, he would have been contacted and promised benefits. He wouldn't have threatened to exterminate us!"
 "The Li Dynasty is invading," he said."We can wait and see ... There will definitely be reinforcements in the central region. If we can stop them ..."
 Fan Chang coughed lightly. This ... Don't joke around, I really can 't.
 The general knew that it was impossible, but he quickly added,""With the Li Dynasty's invasion, the Silver Moon is bound to be in turmoil. If it comes to a critical moment ..."
 Fan Chang pondered for a moment before saying,"mobilize the Army first. Have the governor's manor's Linjiang guards gather together and raise the banner to assist Silver Moon. Gather the troops at one spot. Don't act rashly for now. We'll just wait and see!"
 ……
 At this moment, there were some movements in various places in the North.
 Some of the provincial armies had already moved out and were heading towards Silver Moon. Some of the provincial armies had gathered and chose not to move, choosing to observe. There were also some who sat by the side and waited for the right opportunity.
 Originally, everyone had given up hope when Li Hao instantly took over the central region.
 But now, with the Li Dynasty's invasion and silver moon's return, the opportunity had come.
 ……
 At the same time.  On the coast of the North Sea.
 A warship floated in the air, and the banner of the fierce tiger li fluttered in the wind, ready to devour people.
 Li Hao stood on the deck and looked down at the North Sea.
 After crossing the North Sea, he would reach the Northern Territory.
 Ever since he had left Silver Moon, he had returned to the place a few times, but he had always left as quickly as he had come. He had never stopped to take care of matters in the North.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Now that he had returned with his Army, a great battle was imminent.
 As someone who was well-read in history books, he clearly knew that at this time, anyone would jump out. What National righteousness, what protecting the country, they were all jokes. Some people, in order to win, would become emperors and bring in foreigners.
 p Even if they had to give up their land or become slaves, it was no big deal to them.  Paying Tributes every year was not a big deal.
 Li Hao looked around. He was surrounded by Warriors, but no one could see through his thoughts at that moment. Li Hao was a little tired, mentally exhausted. Sometimes, he didn't want to think too much.
 However ... There was no one who could come up with a plan.
 Lin Hongyu and director Zhou were not bad, but they had to take charge of the central region just in case. Now, he could only rely on himself.
 The Silver Moon land had risen too quickly. Li Hao lacked such talents.
 He looked at the North Sea, which had yet to thaw.
 After crossing the North Sea, he would be in the territory of the three northern provinces. The three northern provinces 'North Sea province, Heyuan province, and fog province were like the sharp blades of the northern continent, piercing into the North Sea and becoming the bridgehead of the North.
 Behind them was the hinterlands of the North, Linjiang. Linjiang was close to the cloud River, which was also a tributary of the North Sea.
 After that, it was the Silver Moon province.
 The three northern provinces had been in turmoil. In the past few months, the people had been displaced. Now that Dali had entered the North, the people of the three northern provinces had started to flee again. On the ice, there were still a large number of people moving with their families.
 The surface of the ice was not as thick as before, and it was showing signs of cracking.
  Once it split open, these people would fall into the North Sea and die.
 However, in order to escape the North, they could not care less.
 At this moment, when Li Hao's warship passed by, someone raised his head and saw the flag. He said excitedly,""It's Governor li!"
 "Yes, I know about the ferocious Tiger flag!"
 "Governor li has already returned to the North. Are we still going to escape? I heard that Governor li is going to lead his Army to fight against the Li Dynasty from the North at Silver Moon ..."
 "Let's just run. It's said that the people of the Li Dynasty are man-eating beasts. Governor li and the others ... Might not win."
 In the sky, Li Hao waved his hand, and a chill exploded. The ice of the North Sea became even more solid.
 His voice reverberated,"the people of the North can head to the central region. There's a place to live and a place to do. We can help the superpowers of various places, build infrastructure, and have food. In three months at most, the North will be pacified. By then, spring will be warm and the flowers will bloom. Everyone can return home!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the warship had already flown over the North Sea.
 Li Hao's voice was so loud that it spread across the North Sea province. Li Hao's figure also appeared in the sky."Three northern provinces, stop all turmoil! The heads of the administrative, military, patrol, and night patrol departments of the three northern provinces, come and see me as soon as possible! The rebels have elected their leaders and come to see me. The country is in turmoil and in times of danger, we must work together to resist the enemy!"

 At this moment, the experts of the three northern provinces received the news, but ... Li Hao made it sound simple.
 Did Wars end just like that?
 How could it be that simple!
 ……
 On the warship.
 Yao si also said in a deep voice,"I'm afraid it's not that simple. I know about the war in the three northern provinces. Since the death of general kou, the three provinces have been in turmoil. Also ... It's said that after the first revival, the three northern provinces have been in turmoil. It may be related to the three major organizations. Now that the three major organizations have entered the North, they are likely to be hiding in the three northern provinces."
 He wasn't sure what Li Hao was thinking. It was actually very difficult to stop the war in the three northern provinces at this time.
 Moreover, it was very likely that he would be entangled here.
 Li Hao nodded. At this moment, he had made a decision. He said,""If the three northern provinces don't listen to me, the other three provinces will be out of my reach for the time being. But the North ... I have to settle down first! Execute the decapitation strategy and kill the rebel army, the three provincial governors, and the military officers! Take the Army and move into Silvermoon ..."
 Everyone was shocked!
  They had thought that Li Hao was going to rule the dynasty with his saintly way, but today ... He actually said that he would kill everyone regardless of right or wrong.
 "Governor, this matter is still open for discussion ..." Huang Yu said in a low voice.
 "No!"
 Li Hao shook his head."The country is in a crisis and the enemy is invading. If they're still unwilling to call a truce, fight the enemy together, and hand over their military power ... Then there's no need for these people to exist!" Although it would be turbulent for a period of time ... At this moment, he had to be ruthless! They all think that I won't do anything to them right now ... Wrong!"
 Li Hao grinned,"I was gentle before because I wanted a peaceful transition!" However, if they think that I, Li Hao, am unwilling to kill, that I can't kill, then they are gravely mistaken! Before tonight, if he did not see the leaders of the three provinces ... He would kill them all! If the person in charge of the Army doesn't show up, then we'll break into the camp and execute the beheading plan!"
 "General Yu and the other generals are in charge of gathering the Army. Kill the rebels and the escapees. At this moment, we can't let the Army scatter ... We can't let them scatter even if we have to send them to the battlefield as cannon fodder!"
 Everyone's heart turned cold. Even if they had to become cannon fodder!
 The armies of the three provinces had exceeded one million.
 However, Li Hao knew better than them that the armies of the overlords had long decayed. To put it bluntly, once they collapsed, they could cause more damage than the Li Dynasty.
 Therefore, he had to end the battle quickly and be ruthless.
 These people, even if they were all buried in the Cang mountains and killed by the Li Dynasty ... They could not be defeated just like that. Otherwise, the entire North would be in chaos.
 Li Hao didn't say much. He quickly ordered,""Yao si, you're in charge of leading a team of experts and a thousand demon hunters to search for troops stationed in the Beihai province. Wait for my orders and take over the Beihai Army at any time!"
 "Huang Yu, you too. You are in charge of the garrison at Heyuan."
  Both of them had been commanders before, so they could still complete the mission.  Li Hao looked at the crowd. They were strong, but they could hardly complete some tasks. Soon, Li Hao looked at the ninth Division commander."Ninth Division commander ... You'll be in charge of taking over the Wu province Garrison with hou Xiaochen's help!"
 "Me?" the ninth Division commander was stunned.
 "Right!"
 The ninth Division commander was silent for a moment before he nodded.
 "Kill!"
 The ninth Division commander didn't say anything else. Li Hao's words made things easier.
 Li Hao looked at the crowd."There are many rebellions in the three northern provinces, both strong and weak. Of course, they call themselves the rebel army. I don't care whether they're rebellions or rebels. In fact, they're about the same ... Who can take over their Army?"
 Everyone looked at each other, feeling a little troubled.
 None of them had any experience in this area.
 Li Hao also frowned.
 "Let's use a powerhouse as the leader," Huang Yu said."We can also use some experienced military powerhouses. They don't have to be very strong!"
 After saying that, he looked at the commanders of heaven battling city and said,"These regimental commanders used to manage the heaven battling Army. Although they were only 1000 regimental commanders, they should have some experience. With some soldiers, they should be able to take over the Army!"
  Li Hao looked at the other Regiment commanders. When the seventh Regiment commander saw Li Hao looking at him, he said awkwardly,""We ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao laughed,'the seventh commander once said that as long as you dare to think, you can do it! They were just a group of random soldiers, not even worth mentioning compared to the heaven battling Army! We must take down the three northern provinces because they are the bridgehead of the northern continent. Next, we will March straight in, and the reinforcements will have to pass through the three northern provinces. "
 "There's also Linjiang ... Linjiang's fan Chang. He's a vicious man who has been keeping Silver Moon under lockdown for many years. He even slaughtered the upper echelons of Linjiang. Initially, I didn't make a move because I was worried about unrest, but now ... He can't be kept alive!"
 "I want to take down four provinces by force within a day. I want to take away the local troops and penetrate Silver Moon, the three northern provinces, and Linjiang!"
 After hesitating for a moment, Li Hao looked at someone and said,""Qian Wuliang!"
 "Here!"
 The vicious scholar Qian Wuliang stood out quickly in fear.
 Li Hao looked at him."You've been under my command. You haven't been doing anything serious recently. The only thing you suggested was that you don't care about the three continents ..."
 "Governor, I ..."
 "Not everyone in a force is a good person. They are all true, kind, and beautiful. There must be some villains, some people with vicious thoughts ..."

 Qian Wuliang swallowed his saliva, wondering if this was a compliment or a condemnation.
 Li Hao continued,"you can see through people's minds. Linjiang is in chaos, and the Army is rotten ... There are more troops stationed there than Silver Moon, more than 500000. I'll give you 1000 demon hunters. In addition, send radiant sword, Jade Rakshasa, and Southern Fist to assist you. Can you take down Linjiang quickly?"
 Qian Wuliang trembled.
 Three silver Moon martial masters assisting him ...
 In the star military governor's office, no one could surpass these Silver Moon martial masters. Even if Lin Hongyu had joined them, her status was not as high as these people.
 But now ... Li Hao was making him his leader to take down Linjiang.
 He was a little nervous.
 "Speed is the most important thing in war," Li Hao said."I can let you use the Demon Hunter Army's earth-drilling shuttle. If you have any other requests, just tell me!"
 Qian Wuliang suppressed the trembling in his heart and said,""I will do my best since you trust me. Other than these people ... I also want ten million divine power stones, one thousand drops of spring of life ..."
 Many people glared at him!
  "I'll bring these things back if I can complete the mission,"Qian Wuliang said immediately.
 "Sure!" Li Hao nodded.
 Qian Wuliang was overjoyed!
 He immediately said,"also ... There's no need for the seniors of the southern Fist sect to follow me. Just ... Just let senior Tian Jian follow me."
 When he said this, the southern Fist and the others were furious.
 Are you looking down on us?
 "Please don't blame me, seniors. I'm not looking down on you. It's just that senior sky sword is faster ..." Qian Wuliang explained in a hurry.
 This reason ... Was bullsh * t.
 In fact, Qian Wuliang felt that these people were not as powerful as sky sword, and they liked to talk a lot, especially the southern style, which was not so obedient and liked to cause trouble.
 Tian Jian was much easier to talk to.
 Although he was cold ... He would do whatever he was told to do and would not ask too much.
 In addition, there were two women, which made it even more troublesome.
 He felt that instead of bringing three people, it would be better to bring Tian Jian alone. It would be more convenient.
 This was his first time making a name for himself, and he didn't want to make any mistakes.
 "Alright!" Li Hao nodded slightly."Then, I'll let senior Heavenly Sword follow you!"
 After saying that, he looked at Nan Quan and the others."Then you guys should quickly head to the Cang Mountain area. I'll be staying here for a day and won't be able to return to Silver Moon for the time being. Senior Nan Quan is the company commander of heaven battling city ... You and director Wang should go to heaven battling city and ask them to send 5000 troops. Adding the heaven battling Army here, we'll send 10000 troops!"
 Director Wang saw that he had his own matters to attend to, so he didn't reject. He nodded, "I'm fine with it ... But I'll need the ninth master's orders. He's the current highest-ranking military officer."
 The ninth Division commander did not say much. He took out a token and handed it to him, saying in a low voice,""Just mobilize the revived 9th Division ... Bring one thousand inspectors to make up for the losses."  "Understood!"
 Director Wang nodded and didn't say anything else. Very quickly, everyone split up and spread out in all directions.
 After they left, Li Hao made another call. Before tonight, the leaders of the three provinces would all come to see him, and he would wait for them at the intersection of the three provinces.
 ? At this moment, there were still a few people left.
 Liu Long was also there.
 Seeing that Li Hao was deep in thought, the others didn't dare to say anything. However, Liu Long walked over and said softly,""If these people really don't come ... Not to mention them, those troops ... Are we really going to throw them to the Cang mountains?"
 When Li Hao moved, a sea of blood and a mountain of corpses would appear.
 If these ordinary troops were thrown into the Cang mountains, whether they could resist Li Dynasty or not, or whether they were willing to ... Once they were thrown in, it was almost certain that they would die. The three provinces and Linjiang had an Army of more than two million.
 This was an extremely huge number.
 At that time, perhaps ... There would be millions of deaths and injuries!
 A million might not sound like a lot, but Liu Long could imagine how cruel it would be at that time.
 Li Hao was silent for a while, then slowly said,"boss, do you think the troops of the three northern provinces and Linjiang can still be saved?" That day, I saw them colluding with the Pirates and killing the people with my own eyes. In the North, except for the land of Silver Moon, the armies in the other places are all rotten!"
 "But ... Not everyone can decide their own fate."
 Liu Long said softly,"they also have an officer and a leader. They are only following orders ..."
 Li Hao nodded."That's why. If I successfully take over them, and if these troops don't become unstable and listen to me obediently, I won't kill them all!" However, if they don't listen and keep causing trouble ... I'll banish them into the Cang mountains and have a bloody battle with the Li Dynasty. If they all die ... Then let them all die!"
 Li Hao didn't care that he would be cursed.
 He had always hoped to achieve these changes in a more moderate way, but it was really not feasible, and there was no other way.
  Swift and decisive!
 ……
 On this day, the three northern provinces were also in turmoil.
 Li Hao was here.
 At the intersection of the three provinces, they were given a day to meet Li Hao. They even vaguely revealed that they were going to hand over their military power, gather the troops, and set off for Silver Moon.
 To those in power, it was actually ... Very difficult to tolerate such a thing.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Moreover, Li Hao had a strong Army. If they went to see Li Hao now, they would likely be captured by him.
 North Sea province.
 At the administration Bureau.
 An old man's voice was loud and clear,""Everyone, do you think we should go? The Li Dynasty is invading ... We haven't seen the Li Dynasty's shadow yet, and the Heavenly Star military governor's office wants us to meet that Governor li ... We might not be able to return this time!"

 "Then I won't go! Although Li Hao is strong, he doesn't dare to rashly fall out with us due to internal and external troubles. He can just ignore us ... I don't think the others will go either. "
 Whoever went would be a fool.
 "The star military governor's office is powerful," someone else said."Li Hao is personally leading a team back. If we don't go ... We'll have to be careful of Li Hao's bad impression of us ..."
 "What are you afraid of?"
 "This isn't the central continent!" Someone said disapprovingly. Moreover, judging from Li Hao's style of doing things, he didn't kill many people in the central continent. Those spineless people in the central continent are easy to deal with, but we are not like those spineless shrimps! If Li Hao dares to touch us, he'll have an Army of millions in three provinces ... If there's any unrest, countless people will die. Since Li Hao wants to be a Saint, he won't do anything to us!"
 Everyone had seen Li Hao's recent behavior. He promoted education, built roads, wiped out illiteracy, and promoted martial arts ...
 By now, many people had died except for those from the imperial family.
 Only a few of the nine divisions had died.
 As for the 22 Central provinces, only a few Governors-General had been captured, a few had died, and the remaining few had been imprisoned. Li Hao had not killed them.
 This kind of peace made the changes in the Royal power in the central region appear extremely gentle.
  For generations, which dynasty did not have countless deaths and injuries and rivers of blood?
 Since Li Hao wanted to be a Saint ... They would just fulfill his wish.
 I'll ignore you!
 We'll see the results after you and da li battle.
 If you win ... Your strength is indeed formidable, and we will consider other things. If you lose ... Then there's nothing else to say, the world will no longer be surnamed li.
 "Everyone ... Don't forget that Li Hao is known as the demonic sword ... He killed many people in the land of Silver Moon. You can't really treat him as a kind person ..."
 Now, they were not afraid of Li Hao, even if he wanted to become a saint.
 However, did he forget Li Hao's previous title?
 "That was in the past. It's just a small fight. Now, the dynasty is changing ... Since Li Hao has established the image of loving the people like his children, he has to follow it! Otherwise, if they attack us, the three provinces will instantly be in turmoil, and countless soldiers will be defeated ... Can Li Hao bear the world's infamy?"
 Everyone thought about it and felt that it made sense.
 Asking them to meet Li Hao, give up their authority, and perhaps even die at Silver Moon ... Was indeed too difficult.
 Of course, the administrative Director of the North Sea province was not really unafraid. He still said,"We still have to go, but we won't go. We can just send people over ... Just say that there are too many trivial matters and that the North Sea is unstable. We can't let go of all of these for the time being ... But support Governor Li's action to resist the enemy. Once the unrest in the three provinces calms down, we will immediately send troops to assist ..."
 On the surface, he still had to be able to live with it.
 The director smiled,""We'll send some disobedient fellows who insist on sending troops to fight against the Li Dynasty ... I think they'll be very willing to go over and discuss it with Governor li ... What do you all think?"
 When everyone heard this, they immediately nodded. This was a good idea.
 There were still people who were willing to resist the Li Dynasty, but today, someone suggested sending troops to Silver Moon to fight the Li Dynasty. These troublemakers were very troublesome ... So it was better to send them to negotiate with Li Hao.
 If Li Hao really wanted the three provinces to send troops, he would just let them bring some old, weak, and disabled people.
 "Then it's decided!"
 Very quickly, the North Sea province made a decision.
  The other two major provinces had the same meaning.  As for the rebel forces in the three provinces, some were willing to pay Li Hao a visit, while others simply ignored him. The Emperor was far away, so what if Li Hao was nearby?
 The three provinces would probably ignore him!
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com One day, someone went to the intersection of the three provinces to see Li Hao.
 Most of the people were watching coldly from the side.
 Going to the Silver Moon was suicide. Who would go against a million supers?
 If Li Hao hadn't leaked any information, they might have helped him. They didn't want Li Hao to waste their military power by making it sound so scary.
 ……
 At this moment, a group of powerhouses had arrived in each of the three provincial capitals.
 On the North Sea side, Yao si led his men over.
 Huang Yu also went to Heyuan.
 The ninth Division commander was the fastest in the mist province, and together with hou Xiaochen, they quickly arrived at the designated location.
 ……
 The meeting place of the three provinces.
 It was a plain area, but there was no one there. This was the place where the three provinces had the most battles. Many people died in the battlefields of the three provinces.
 At this moment, many people had arrived one after another, panting.
 In the center of the plain, a huge warship stood in the void, waiting silently.
 As for Li Hao, he was sitting on the deck. In front of him were three seats.
  One day was enough for people from three provinces to arrive.
 The sky was already dark.
 At this moment, the warship's lights lit up, and Li Hao's voice echoed.""Since everyone is here, let's stay for a while. The battle is tense, so I won't be polite with you!"
 Very quickly, many people quickly arrived. They were all experts with strength.
 However, it was only the light of the three suns.
 Not a single person had divine powers!
 Near the plains, there were also some soldiers. However, there were not many of them. The three sides added together only had about 10000 people, and there were even some rebel soldiers among them.
 Soon, about 20 people stepped onto the deck.
 He saw the young Li Hao.
 Li Hao glanced at them one by one. Some of them looked worried, some were indignant, some had determined eyes, and some were scared.

 "Three provinces, four division leaders, none of them came?" Li Hao asked.
 In the crowd, a chubby middle-aged man hurriedly said,""Reporting to the governor, a few of the senior officials of fog province had to stay in the province because of the sudden changes in the province, just in case ..."
 A middle-aged man from the North Sea province snorted and said in a low voice,""What sudden change? Only a few people are willing to go to the Silver Moon Army. I've brought 5000 men with me, and they're all my soldiers ... This is all the military power the North Sea can provide! This time, I'll be heading to Silver Moon with the governor ... As for the others who aren't here, don't even think about them!"
 As soon as these words came out, some people trembled even more.
 Although it was the truth ... It wasn't a good thing to say it so directly. In a fit of anger, Li Hao couldn't do anything to those people. Those who came here ... Would probably be in trouble.
 Li Hao smiled and nodded."Alright, I understand. Please take your seats."
 Seeing his attitude, the man who spoke was a little unhappy and snorted,""The governor is really ... Better known than met!"
 He could still laugh at such a critical moment.
 "Governor," he said coldly,"you're not lying to the world on purpose, are you? the Li Dynasty didn't even come?"
 "Why would I?"
  Li Hao chuckled, I won't lie to everyone with this information.
 "Then, commander, you still have the mood to stay here for a day? Speed was the most important thing in war! It's obvious that it's impossible to send out a large number of troops in three provinces. At this moment, we should head straight for Silver Moon and not wait for the impossible news!"
 Li Hao looked at him, somewhat surprised. He smiled and said,""How should I address you, general?"
 "Yue Hongchang!"
 As soon as he said that, Yu Luosha, who had been temporarily left behind beside Li Hao, quickly sent a voice transmission.""I know this person. The Beihai Garrison is divided into six divisions. He was originally the head of one of the divisions, but after offending the previous governor of three provinces, Governor kou, and the current Beihai Administrative Director, he was demoted again and again. Now, he's only a Captain. Moreover, he's in charge of some old, weak, sick, and disabled soldiers. The number of soldiers is not full ... According to him, there are only 5000 people left."
 This Yue Hongchang's strength was not bad. He was at the peak of the rising light Stage.
 From the looks of it, he had also opened some apertures, but not much.
 Li Hao nodded slightly and looked at the others. The others also introduced themselves. This time, some people had also brought troops, but the number was very small. Yue Hongchang had the most troops.
 In the fog province ... There was only a team of 100 guards who escorted the fatty here. There was no one else.
 On Heyuan's side, there was a civil and a military officer, leading an Army of 3000, who were also old, weak, sick, and disabled.
 In addition, there were a few rebel army leaders ... They had brought thousands of soldiers this time, but not all of them had arrived. Some of them were still stationed in the same place in case of a surprise attack.
 Li Hao sighed."When the country is in danger, millions of soldiers from three provinces ... More than 10000 people came. The most powerful one is a major General. This is really ..."
 Yue Hongchang said impolitely,"a country can't become a country, and a home can't become a home. It's nothing more than changing the Emperor!" Whether it's the Li family that rules the world, the Li Dynasty, or someone else ... As long as it's not them, who cares?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com A national crisis?
  He found Li Hao's words laughable. At this moment, he suddenly felt that with an idealist like Li Hao, they might not be able to resist the Li Dynasty.  This demonic sword used to be decisive in killing, but now it was so gentle ... Could such a person resist the Li Dynasty's invasion?
 The Li Dynasty, in the records, was a group of wild beasts.
 Li Hao smiled and nodded. Without saying anything, a sky screen appeared in front of him. "Everyone's right, general Yue is right ... There's no rush, we'll see what happens. "
 Yue Hongchang was a little angry."We still have time. We should break camp and head to the Silver Moon. We're still thousands of miles away from the Silver Moon. What's the point of wasting time here?"
 "General Yue's temper is really bad, no wonder he offended so many people ..."
 Yue Hongchang did not say anything.
 He only looked at Li Hao coldly. Hot-tempered?
 You're not irascible, but what about now?
 At this moment, there were many small images on the screen. Yue Hongchang didn't pay much attention to them at first, but he suddenly froze and looked in one direction."North Sea Administration Bureau ..."
 It was the Beihai Administrative Bureau.
 "The Wu province Garrison ..." Someone said.
 "The Heyuan Governor-General's Office?"
 Everyone was a little distracted. This ... These places, how did they appear here?
  Li Hao smiled, and a set of golden armor appeared on his body. He said slowly,""Those who should come have come. Those who don't ... There's no need to stay. Attack, kill them all, and take over the three armies!"
 As soon as he finished speaking.
 Under everyone's shocked gazes, in an instant, on the screen, there were continuous rumbling sounds and loud explosions.
 On the North Sea side, Yao si smashed out a punch, causing the sky to collapse and the earth to crack. The North Sea administrative building instantly collapsed. Waves of painful cries and wails came from inside. Someone flew out and roared,""Who is it ..."
 BOOM!
 Yao si threw out a punch that caused the sky to collapse and the earth to split. That person was directly split into pieces. Yue Hongchang's expression changed drastically."The North Sea Marshal ..."
 Today, these people were all discussing matters in the administration Bureau.
 It was a good catch!
 The powerful North Sea Marshal, who had already stepped into the God art level, was killed by Yao si with one punch!
 The next moment, under Yue Hongchang's shocked gaze, the upper echelons of the North Sea administration were killed on the spot. They were unable to fight back at all. In the blink of an eye, all the experts of the North Sea administration were killed, except for some weak people and ordinary people!

