fileno%d
ivision commander was silent for a moment before nodding,"that's true ... However, if we do this, the spirit of the heaven battling Army and their faith will all disappear!" We've become mercenaries. You have to understand that they're dead ... They're already dead! Before he died, he thought of fighting for the neo martial artists, fighting for the human King, and not ... Fighting for Li Hao!"
 Li Hao was silent for a moment."You mean to say that once they change their beliefs and methods, they will completely disappear?" he asked.
 "It's very possible. "
 The ninth Division commander said calmly,"our spiritual belief is not in the new era, but in the new martial arts!" So, if it's purely a employment ... This is an insult!"
 Li Hao frowned.
 Looking at the other party, he didn't know if this was a way of bargaining or if it was really the case.
 After a long time, Li Hao said,"if you say so ... I can't listen to you." "The spoils of war can be split in half, but there's one point. You need to provide enough strength, at least not weaker than us. If you're weak, then we'll split it according to your contribution! As for what you said, freedom of choice, no coercion ..."
 Li Hao was silent for a moment, then slowly said,"how about this, if there are any neo-martial artists who are unwilling to work for me or cooperate with me, but have not participated in the current turmoil of the dynasty, I can move them to heaven battling city ... And you will be responsible for providing for them!" However, you can't stay where you are!"
 At this moment, someone was furious.
  They felt that Li Hao was compromising with neo martial arts.
 "Governor, this ..."
 Li Hao raised his hand."It doesn't matter. I respect the seniors of neo martial arts very much. I'm willing to understand anything related to faith and the spirit of the Army." However, the times have changed. If you are willing, we will come to an agreement. If you are not willing ... Please return to heaven battling city!"
 Li Hao pointed outside."Ninth Division commander, heaven ... It's no longer the heaven of neo martial arts!"
 He was also very calm."You have your beliefs and your thoughts. As for me ... I think the ten billion people of heavenstar all want peace and the support of the heavenstar military governor's office. If we still can't come to an agreement ... Then there might be some conflicts in the future."
 This was the first time he had a disagreement with heaven battling city's side.
 And this was perhaps inevitable.
 The ninth Division commander was silent for a moment before saying,""Sure!"
 Li Hao smiled."That's good. I also hope that my cooperation with heaven battling city can continue."
 The ninth Division commander did not speak again.
 Director Wang heaved a sigh of relief.
 The others were still a little dissatisfied, but since the ninth master had made a concession, they did not say anything.
 At this moment, someone among the puppet students said,""Governor li, then we ..."  Li Hao, however, did not hold back at all,"shut up!" If this has nothing to do with you, why are you getting involved? You're too talkative! If you want benefits, ask your Managing Director to return the Heavenly King's body to me!"
 “……”
 The puppets instantly shut up. That was true!
 "We seem to have obtained quite a lot of benefits. Moreover, we are all students ... The conflicts between these forces and civilizations have nothing to do with us.
 Li Hao laughed and said,""Don't learn from heaven battling city ... Heaven battling city is now treating itself as the representative of the new martial arts. When I take control of the Li family's sword city, the representative identity of heaven battling city ... Will be gone! In the end, sword city was still the number one city among the eight main cities! By then ... You won't be able to be so unyielding, right?"
 Li Hao looked at the ninth master, who calmly said,""If you can really control sword city, the head of the eight cities will naturally obey you!"
 Li Hao smiled and nodded,"yes!" "I think ... It won't be a big problem. I hope it won't hurt our relationship this time, ninth brother, right?"
 “……”
 The ninth Division commander could not be bothered with him and left immediately.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Behind him, director Wang was embarrassed, but he still quickly followed. Li Hao said,""Director Wang, please advise the 9th Division commander. We are all family, why do you have to do this?"
 Director Wang laughed dryly and quickly left.
  ……
 Outside the governor's office, director Wang caught up to the 9th Division commander and said,""Li Daozong, what are you doing? If Li Hao really won, heaven battling city would definitely benefit, so why mention it? It'll make everyone look bad. "
 "Foolish!"
 The 9th Division commander didn't want to bother and continued to walk forward. Director Wang quickly followed and was a little annoyed,""How am I stupid? Tell me about it!"
 The ninth Division commander paused and stopped in his tracks. After a moment of silence, he transmitted his voice,""Say, if he wins, what will happen to me, a new martial artist? If the Stargate doesn't open ... We'll cast our vote to him?"
 Director Wang was stunned.
 The ninth Division commander sighed in his heart and said,""Instead of making things difficult for us in the future, why don't we make it clear now? it doesn't matter if he wins or loses. If he can send us out of the Stargate, then he can leave this place. If he can't ... I still hope to leave behind some inheritance as a new martial artist, the inheritance of civilization ... I don't want to be assimilated by him in the end! Haven't you noticed ... That you've been assimilated a little?"
 He sighed."Wang Ye, I didn't say that your choice was bad. I just want to say ... Time flies. A hundred thousand years have passed. Neo martial arts is no longer here, but I ... Still hope that neo martial arts can leave some traces here!" You do your thing, I do mine, there's no conflict! If he wins in the end and unify the Silver Moon, but the Stargate still can't be opened ... Then let the heaven battling Army become the last Army in the new martial era!"
 Wang Ye was slightly startled and didn't speak again.

 The ninth master left and transmitted a message to him,""It's better to make things clear today than to make things difficult the next day! While we still have some friendship and heaven battling city still has some power, we should fight for some opportunities for neo martial ... Otherwise, in the future, when he's really strong enough, he won't need heaven battling city at all ... We won't have a chance to bargain!"
 After he finished speaking, he left.
 Wang Ye stood in place and didn't say anything for a long time.
 After an unknown period of time, he sighed.
 Li Daozong was sometimes extremely stubborn, and sometimes extremely shrewd. It was clear that he had done that on purpose.
 However ... Would Li Hao really end the inheritance and civilization of neo martial arts?
 He thought to himself, but he wasn't sure.
 He turned back to look at the star military governor's office ... At this moment, his mood was a little complicated.
 Li Hao wasn't as domineering as the human King, nor was he as ruthless, but ... He had followed Li Hao for a while, and he knew that Li Hao had something more to him than the human King.
  He couldn't say for sure. Perhaps ... There were more things that human Kings didn't have, and only Supreme martial artist Zhang had the ability to accommodate all rivers into the sea?
 Was it like this?
 He didn't know, but he knew that after following Li Hao for a long time, he might forget about neo martial arts. Li Hao was actually very scary. He was slowly assimilating everyone.
 Just like that moment earlier, if it was the human King, the human King might have instantly turned hostile and not be threatened at all.
 But Li Hao didn 't.
 He chose to agree. Although the conditions had changed a little, he still agreed.
 The ninth master must be in a dilemma.
 Since Li Hao had agreed, he couldn't refuse. As a result ... Perhaps he would gradually be assimilated by Li Hao and silently erase the traces of neo martial art.
 Director Wang shivered. No, it couldn't be.
 Neo martial artists would not forget neo martial.  ……
 In the hall, Li Hao looked in the direction they left and smiled.""Don't be angry, everyone. It's just a small matter. Neo martial arts pay attention to the martial Dao and must fight. Respect their faith ...... Of course, learn from their strong points. Commander Yu, lead the Demon Hunter Army and follow the heaven battling Army. Learn from their every move, their words and actions, and their beliefs! The Army should have a military spirit. You should follow the ninth Division commander and protect him closely. Learn some new martial arts experience!"
 "Yes, sir!" Huang Yu's eyes flickered as he said in a low voice.
 Li Hao smiled. Ninth master, you're so cute!
 The Li family also knew how to play tricks ... Interesting.
 However ... I don't believe that you can bear to let those soldiers become lonely souls. As long as they want to recover their physical bodies, I recommend the physical bodies of the new era ... They will be my soldiers sooner or later.
 In the main hall, Lin Hongyu saw this and said,""Military governor, in order to give the heaven battling Army more combat power and motivation, I suggest that we send someone to send ten million divine power stones to heaven battling city as a meeting gift for our friendly cooperation ... It's also a small token of appreciation from you, the eleventh Division commander. What do you think, military governor?"
 "Ten million is too little. Let's make it thirty million!"
  Li Hao laughed and nodded."Have someone arrange it. Have someone convey my respect for you two guardians."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Yes, sir!"
 Lin Hongyu didn't say much and just pointed it out.
 The 9th Division commander is a soldier, why would he play politics? sooner or later, he will assimilate all the other people in heaven battling city.
 In the hall, there were still people who were indignant. They actually took the initiative to send gifts over?
 It was really ... Infuriating!
 ,m At this moment, Yuan Shuo suddenly thought of something and shouted,""Li Hao, what about me? you haven't arranged for your master to ..."  "Teacher, go ahead and compile the teaching materials. The great cause of the future will be in teacher's hands!"
 Li Hao had already left. Yuan Shuo was completely speechless. I was just saying that day, and this brat actually arranged for me to write teaching materials!

 As soon as the new martial arts were introduced, the world was in turmoil.
 People from all four continents raised their flags and shouted, demanding that the overlords surrender to the central region and restore the unity of the dynasties.
 At this moment, some people hesitated, while others gritted their teeth and prepared to surrender.
 However, there were still overlords in the continents.
 The East's Duke dingguo's mansion, the West's quelling Duke's mansion, and the South's Duke of Wu's mansion. These overlords had yet to make a decision, and the others were also observing.
 He was observing the actions of the central Heavenly Star military governor's office, as well as the choices of some ancient existences.
 ……
 Just as the world was watching.
 The central region was in full swing.
 Building schools, roads, houses, and everything else ...
  Infrastructure first!
 After learning from neo martial arts, Li Hao turned all the supers in the world into construction fanatics and built everywhere. More and more supers joined the city of supers and became the construction teams in various places.
 ,m While building the road, everyone was also switching to the new martial Dao.  The xiuqiao acupoint!
 These superpowers had the foundation of breaking meridians. When they cultivated acupuncture points, some acupuncture points could be opened instantly without any effort. It was a pity that they could not connect the magical Meridian with the 36 meridians.
 As a result, the power of the divine ability was greatly weakened.
 Southern Dipper.
 The largest Martial Arts Academy in nandou was to be built on a large construction site. At this moment, nearly a thousand superpowers were working overtime to build the Academy.
 A large scale Academy had been formed under the efforts of a group of supers.
 At this moment, a night patrolman from the southern Dipper flew over and shouted,""Good news! The governor's office has sent an order. If the superpowers that are being built in the various Academies are successful in changing to a new Dao and can open 73 apertures before the start of school, there is a chance that they can stay and become an instructor in the Academy!"
 The thousands of superpowers who were working were stunned.
 "The governor has said that we're not letting you become slaves," the night watchman said loudly."We're letting you experience the sufferings of the human world so that you can understand the hardships of ordinary people! If the school is in need of instructors, those who have passed the assessment can stay and become the instructors of teaching and educating people. We will respectfully address them as Sir and professor!"
 "If you become a teacher, your salary will be ten times what it is now. Not only that, martial arts colleges from all over the world will send powerful people to personally oversee and conduct martial arts lectures. At that time, there might be Shanhai, sun and moon who will personally teach new martial arts!"
 Below them, many of the superpowers were shocked.
  His mood instantly surged!  Stay, become a mentor, teach, be respected as Mr. And professor, pay 10 times the salary, and Shanhai will personally teach ...
 In the past, even the first layer of the mountain sea realm would have been considered a transcendent Power Expert.
 Divine powers ... To many people, they were already considered the heavens.
 Someone could not help but ask,"is the news true?" Is it the same in the southern Dipper, or is it the same in other places?"
 "It's all the same!"
 "At least, that's the case in the central region ..." The night watchman laughed."However, as you all know, the number of martial arts academies is limited. At this stage, only 23 martial arts academies have been built, one in each province and one in stellarsky city. And the number of instructors ... Was also limited! The governor's office will also send someone over ... So, I hope that everyone will treasure this opportunity!"
 "The governor's office has also sent an order. In order to build a Martial Arts Academy, a Holy Land of martial arts, monster plants will be dispatched to guard various places if the situation permits. They will be responsible for assisting you in your cultivation and absorbing the energy of heaven and earth ..."
 "What?"
 "Monster plant?"
 "An ancient monster plant?"
 As soon as these words came out, everyone was shocked.
 In many people's eyes, monster plants were ancient existences and invincible existences. The major forces were established by relying on these monster plants or monster beasts and these ancient existences.
 But ...
  Now, not only did the star military governor's office not have any vassals, but they also had to let the monster plant stay in the martial arts college to absorb the energy of heaven and earth to help everyone cultivate. This ... Was simply unbelievable!
 The God in their eyes would soon become a member of the Academy.
 "That's how the news came, but I'm not sure how it will be carried out!"The night watchman said excitedly. What the governor's office meant was that all the powerful people of the present and the past should work together to build a home of Peace! "We respect the neo martial civilization, but the neo martial civilization must also respect us and create a harmonious society ... For mutual benefit, just like in the neo martial era, where the monster plant is in charge of the big city ..."
 "There aren't many monster plants now. We can only focus on the Academy and help the students speed up their cultivation!"
 At this point, the superpowers below were so excited that they were about to fly up.
 "My Lord, do I have to cultivate to 73 apertures?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The night patrolman nodded and said,"yes!" As a teacher, he couldn't be too weak. With 73 apertures opened, he would be as powerful as three suns rising light ... Without this kind of power, how could he be a teacher? Of course, there was still a chance for the younger ones to become students ... As for the exact details of the recruitment process and the requirements, they were still unclear. Also, the governor's office will probably hire some teachers with special abilities. There's a high chance for special abilities!"
 "By the way, the governor's office has an additional arrangement," he added."Martial masters who have comprehended 'force' can enter the academy directly regardless of whether they have entered a new Dao or not. They will be treated well!"
 A Martial Master who had comprehended force!
 As soon as these words were spoken, no one became excited. In the past, only martial masters who had broken through the hundred Great Perfection realm could comprehend force. Although breaking through the hundred Great Perfection realm wasn't very strong ... Speaking of which, there weren't many martial masters who could do so.

 Most of them were in Silver Moon.
 Other than Silvermoon, there were very few martial masters in the world who could comprehend force.
 At this moment, the night watchman looked at two people not far away. It was a man and a woman. They were not old, but their eyes were full of arrogance and indifference.
 "Sun Hongxiu, are you and your brother interested in joining the martial arts Academy?"
 They were two martial masters from nandou.
 They weren't weak and had comprehended force.
 They had also hired a few local powerhouses to build the school. The main reason was that resources were hard to come by. In order to obtain some resources and not to be in danger, many of the local superpowers and martial masters chose to apply to build the school together.
 Below, the woman's eyes were cold. She looked up at the night patrol and said in a low voice,""Thank you for your good intentions, but we are used to freedom, so we will not consider it!"
 The night watchman felt a little regretful. The two martial masters were not weak.
 This was especially so for sun Hongxiu, who was about to enter the thousand-fighting level. If she were to join the Academy, it would be a merit of his recommendation. Now, the world had no lack of superpowers.
  However, martial masters, especially martial masters who had comprehended force, were indeed very rare.
 "You guys should consider it!"
 The night patrolman did not say much. After announcing the news, he quickly left.
 After he left, the siblings continued with their work. There was nothing special, just moving some huge mountain rocks. Nowadays, most martial arts academies were built beside the mountain for the convenience of collecting materials.
 "Senior Sister ..."
 At this moment, the arrogant man beside him said in a low voice,""This bastard is so powerful now. Why don't he join the Academy and wait for the future? if I can rope in some of the students and teachers, as well as the thousands of supers here ... Even if I can't defeat them, I can at least cause him some trouble!"
 Sun Hongxiu lowered her head in silence.
 The two of them joined the team and busied themselves with obtaining resources. They also wanted to see if they could rope in these supers who were rumored to be slaves.
 However ... When they actually joined, the two of them were very disappointed.
 This group of supers did not have the courage and courage to resist. Instead, they were satisfied with their current situation.
 This made them very depressed!
 Ever since their master and senior brother had died in the Silver Moon battle, they had returned to the southern Dipper bearing the blood debt. They had wanted to seek revenge from Li Hao, but ... Who would have thought that Li Hao would take over stellarsky city without shedding a single drop of blood in just a few months?
 He had defeated the imperial family of the Jiusi Empire and replaced them, and all the overlords in the world had watched helplessly. He had even allowed Li Hao to preach to the world ...
 Now, there was almost no hope of revenge.
 Sun Hongxiu was at a loss.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Junior Brother said that after joining the Academy and becoming a teacher, he would be able to rope in students and teachers for future plans.
 But ... Was there still hope?
 These superpowers did not even have the heart to resist.
 The arrogant Junior Brother beside him said in a low voice,""Senior Sister, if you join the Academy, you'll get ten times the cultivation resources. This way, we'll have a chance to become stronger and have a chance to take revenge ..."
  Sun Hongxiu looked at her Junior Brother, who was trying to avoid her gaze.  Sun Hongxiu laughed at herself in her heart.
 If he really joined the martial arts Academy ... He would be exhausted and would have to compromise with Li Hao. Would he still have any hope of revenge?
 Although she couldn't see any hope right now, not compromising with Li Hao was her bottom line.
 However, he was still young.
 Yesterday, Shidi even said that he would first cultivate the new martial way, know himself and know the enemy, and win every battle, using the enemy's methods to defeat the enemy ...
 Even though she said that, sun Hongxiu understood that her Junior Brother ... Wanted to compromise.
 She did not blame her Junior Brother.
 The enemy was too powerful and terrifying.
 The three major organizations were forced to flee to the central region. The seven sacred mountains were even more low-key now. The imperial family of the nine divisions and the Fengyun Pavilion were annihilated. All 22 provinces in the central region bowed to them.
 The city of supers, which was filled with millions of supers, was even more peaceful. The millions of supers were captured, and Lin Hongyu, the most powerful woman in the world, was at Li Hao's beck and call.
 Such an enemy ... Other than despair and helplessness, what else could he do?
 He couldn't do anything.
 Her persistence now was only her final struggle, a battle between herself and herself.
 "Master ... Senior brother ... I'm afraid ... I can't take revenge for you!"
 As he said this in his heart, he still couldn't hide his sorrow.
 Even though Li Hao and his disciple had killed their master and senior brother in an official challenge ...
 However, she was still unwilling to let it all go.
 At this moment, the junior Brother next to him lowered his head and continued to work. Back then, he was only at the peak of the tenth severing realm. Now, he had broken through a hundred perfection. His progress was still very fast.
  However, compared to Li Hao, they were not worth mentioning.
 Her Senior Sister wanted to take revenge ... But ... Was there really hope?
 The young man sighed in his heart. His Senior Sister was unwilling to learn neo martial arts or join any Academy. Without resources and a powerful inheritance, could she really kill Li Hao with the eyebrow-raising stick that her master had passed down?
 Senior Sister, times are changing rapidly.
 "We ... If we don't integrate, we might never have a chance in our lives. Becoming a Martial Master has become an old way of martial arts.
 His master was a Silver Moon Martial Master. Yuan Shuo had killed countless Silver Moon martial masters, but weren't there many of their descendants working for Li Hao now?
 The senior Sister and Junior Brother were thinking about these things.
 The night patrolman who had just left suddenly came back. Not only did he come back, but he was also followed by someone.
 The man's face was as cold as a statue.
 The night patrolman beside him, however, was very respectful and had a look of admiration on his face. He did not dare to say a word.

 At this moment, the middle-aged man beside the night patrolman looked down. Without the night patrolman's guidance, he disappeared in an instant and landed in front of sun Hongxiu and her senior brother.
 Sun Hongxiu looked as if she was facing a great enemy!
 At this point, the other superpowers were also very confused. Some of them recognized the man and looked frightened.
 Heavenly Sword!
 Yes, it was none other than the famous sky sword, the owner of the sky sword villa, and one of Li Hao's fierce generals.
 Although sun Hongxiu did not know the other party, she could already feel an endless sense of oppression.
 A look of despair flashed in his eyes.
 At that moment, Tian Jian said slowly,"I thought you guys were hiding somewhere. I didn't expect you guys to come here to build an Academy."
 He wasn't a person who beat around the bush, so he calmly said,""It's Silvermoon martial forest's loss that Qi Mei cudgel died in battle. However, he's dependent on Ying Hongyue and died in a direct fight with Yuan Shuo ... There's nothing much to say about that."
 "Governor li has been looking for you all for a while, but there has been no news ..."
  "Are you going to kill us?"
 Sun Hongxiu said coldly,"I don't need to change my name!" If Li Hao wants to kill me, he's welcome to come!"
 Tian Jian chuckled.
 "Do I need him to kill you guys?"
 Sun Hongxiu frowned and did not say anything.
 Tian Jian did not say much and said indifferently, "It's just that the governor still has one more thing to do. The day the eyebrow-raising stick died in battle, he left behind half of the stick forged by spiritual will. This item is extraordinary, and the governor asked me to hand it to you!"
 Li Hao was clearing the ruins nearby when he happened to pass by this time. The southern Dipper had handed in a labor list, and two martial masters among them had attracted attention.
 Upon closer inspection, he found that it was the disciple of the eyebrows-abrest stick.
 Before this, the two of them did not have a fixed residence and were difficult to find.
 Tian Jian didn't say much. He took out a half-broken eyebrow rod and looked at the two of them. He looked at sun Hongxiu and then at the young Martial Master. The young man was quite talented, but sun Hongxiu's talent was obviously not good.
 However, Tian Jian still gave it to sun Hongxiu.""Keep it and try to comprehend it. The will of the eyebrow-raising stick is in this half of the stick! You can study the new martial Dao. I hope you can continue to pass down the inheritance of the Qi Mei staff King ..."
 Sun Hongxiu looked at him, gritted her teeth, and didn't speak.
 Tian Jian sighed ruefully."Martial masters are like this. The martial world is like this too. That's why the military governor hopes to create a different martial world. He wants to keep these battles, blood, and death far away from Heavenly Star! Even if a powerful Martial Master dies in battle, he shouldn't die from internal friction, but to annihilate external enemies!"
 "Silver Moon used to be the Holy Land of the martial arts world. It was a place for heroes to make a name for themselves. Silver moon's hero list harmed many people ... But it also helped many people achieve their goals."
 "The governor intends to make up a new list of heroes, but it's no longer those people from back then, and it's no longer first-class powerhouses with internal strife. Yuan Shuo is now compiling teaching materials for the new martial arts. Governor li hopes that a group of true Jianghu swordsmen can emerge!"
 After saying those words, he stepped into the air and left. His voice still echoed in everyone's ears,""No matter how fierce the internal strife is, he's not a swordsman! When the governor fought with the first disciple, he said that fighting is a kind of spirit and killing is a bit of regret ... However, the martial arts world at that time was like that. If your Senior Sister and Junior Brother want to take revenge on him, they are always waiting for you, but ... I hope you don't fall into the abyss of hatred!"
  As soon as he finished speaking, he disappeared.  Sun Hongxiu held the half of the eyebrow-length rod, gritted her teeth, and said nothing.
 Li Hao knew that they were here.
 He told Tian Jian to deliver his master's belongings and said that he would wait for them if they wanted revenge. However, he only felt regret and did not think that he was wrong.
 Was it wrong?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Sun Hongxiu closed her eyes and didn't say a word. Perhaps ... No one was wrong, right?
 Didn't master go to Silver Moon that day to deal with Yuan Shuo?
 However ... Why was he pretending to be a Saint!
 Sun Hongxiu was furious. She wanted to throw away the eyebrows-abrest stick, but it was her master's relic and the essence of her master's martial arts. How could she throw it away?
 In the end, he sighed and his eyes were filled with bitterness.
 ……
 On a barren mountain in the outskirts of the southern Dipper.
 The heavenly Sword fell to the ground.
 Many people were there, including several high-level officials of the southern Dipper.
 "I've already given the item to the disciple of the eyebrows-abrest stick,"Tian Jian said as he landed on the ground.
 Li Hao nodded slightly and didn't say anything.
  This was a matter of the past. When he received this half of the eyebrow-raising stick, he had said that he would pass it to the disciple of the eyebrow-raising stick. However, he had not found the person. Now that he had passed it to the disciple, he had fulfilled his promise.
 That half of the eyebrows-abrest stick was not simple.
 It even contained some staff will. If he could really digest it, perhaps ... There would be one more top-notch staff expert in the world. At present, there were really no experts in staff techniques.
 "The other party might not be grateful to you," Southern Fist muttered.
 "Why should I be grateful?"
 Li Hao chuckled,'I just don't want this world to lose the legacy of a Martial Master! Every secret skill and manual was created by the predecessors after they had spent a lot of energy, talent, and wisdom. One less secret skill would wipe out the efforts of many people. As for the disciples of the eyebrows-abrest stick, if they come to me for revenge and are killed by me, I'll continue to help them preserve their inheritance ..."
 "How ruthless!"
 Nanquan muttered.
 Are you going to kill the other party's descendants and generations after generations?
 Li Hao was really vicious when it came to taking revenge.

 How could a disciple of the eyebrows-abrest stick be his match?
 Of course, Li Hao didn't know what he was thinking. If he did, he could only say that this guy, Southern Fist, was still so narrow-minded.
 After dealing with this small matter, Li Hao looked at the barren mountain in front of him. He stomped his foot, and the earth cracked!
 A stone door was revealed.
 A faint mental energy surrounded the area.
 Li Hao took the lead and introduced himself.""The Heavenly Star military governor Li Hao invites senior to join the Heavenly Star military governor. At present, many seniors have chosen to join heaven battling city, Heavenly Star Town, communication tower, and Imperial Palace guards. There are only two paths for senior to take. The first is to join the Heavenly Star military governor's office, and the second is to join heaven battling city!"
 A faint spiritual power surrounded Li Hao, carrying a hint of coldness.""You and I don't interfere with each other's business, I know who you are! However, this is my territory ..."
 "No, this place is the territory of the star military governor! This place is called the southern Dipper!"
 Li Hao said,"senior, let's be polite before resorting to force. In the past, I would have chosen to kill you, but now, the commander of the 9th Division of heaven battling city's reserve army is pleading for you, so I choose to take a step back ... Senior, I'll be polite first. If you don't allow it, then I'll have to see the weapons!"
 Behind him, everyone's breathing was high.
  Behind them, the blood and Qi of the ten thousand strong Army were like dragons.
 The real heaven-battling Army was mixed in with them, and their momentum was like thunder!
 "I am undying! Undying and imperishable! The world hasn't recovered yet, so it's fine if you dominate it. But if you dare to enter the stone gate, I'll let you know how high the sky is ..."
 Li Hao didn't bother to say more. His divine clone appeared.
 In an instant, he slashed out with his sword and destroyed the mental energy outside. He shouted in a low voice,""Attack!"
 The group of people quickly followed.
 In the blink of an eye, more than a dozen people had entered the ruins.
 Outside, the higher-ups of the southern Dipper were scared witless.
 Such courage, such boldness.
 They had actually managed to charge into the ruins!
 Could the human race of the new era really rival the ancient existences in these ruins?
 This wasn't a clone, but the opponent's main body.
 Just as the upper echelons were feeling uneasy, a golden fruit tree was suppressed by the God's clone. It flickered like a child and was enveloped by the five elemental domain.
 At this moment, he was no longer as arrogant as before, only shocked and desperate.""I, the little demon, am willing to surrender!"
 Li Hao smiled and looked at little tree.""Senior was so polite just now, there's no need for so much trouble! Even though an undying is strong, it's not as strong as before. The current undying is only at the peak level back then. What's more, senior hasn't fully recovered, and is only at the later stages of the peak level ... Why are you talking so much?"
 “……”  Little tree wanted to cry but had no tears.
 Just a moment ago, these people had rushed in, and the God's avatar had instantly turned into a mountain, directly suppressing it and almost crushing it. It had thought that its immortal body was extremely powerful, and these people had come in to die.
 That was why he was so arrogant!
 But ... Who knew that the other party was even stronger.
 It felt helpless after sensing how powerful Li Hao was. It had only been 21 years since the world's first awakening, and Li Hao was so young. How could he be so powerful?
 Not only was the clone powerful, but Li Hao's sword attack had almost cut off its great Dao of origin.
 It was too terrifying!
 The few higher-ups of the southern Dipper outside were so scared that their faces turned pale.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com An ancient existence, a top expert who had lived to this day, was finished in such an instant?
 At this moment, they vaguely understood why Li Hao had gathered the local high-level officials to follow him. Seeing this, they would not dare to rebel even if they had ten times the courage.
 "The mighty Governor!"
 The few higher-ups hurriedly lowered their heads and bowed, each of them showing a submissive attitude.
 The terrifying star military governor's office!
 ,m What a terrifying group of experts!  What was even more terrifying was, how did he capture this undying and enter the world without being crushed by the world?
  As the higher-ups, they still knew some things. Nowadays, most of the experts were unable to enter the ruins. They were strong in the ruins, but when they came out, they could only use their avatars.
 This tree didn't look like a clone.
 Perhaps his true body had been captured outside!
 Li Hao also smiled. This was the first time he had used a divine clone, and the effect was extraordinary. The divine clone turned into a huge mountain, and even if the opponent was an immortal, he couldn't resist it and was suppressed!
 At this moment, seeing the higher-ups of the southern Dipper bowing down, Li Hao also smiled.""There's no need for that. If this monster plant senior from the ancient civilization is willing to cooperate with the governor's office, he might come to take charge of the nandou martial arts college in the future! When the world has recovered a little, I'll take charge. If it hasn't recovered, I'll send a clone to take charge ... You're all pillars of nandou. I hope you can work with senior to manage nandou province well!"
 The higher-ups were all scared witless.
 Little tree was a little surprised.""If I can subdue the governor's office, I can ... Go out?"
 This was unbelievable!
 Li Hao smiled and said,"why not?" "I didn't say that I'm restricting your freedom, but ... There are also tasks to complete. Gather energy, protect the martial arts college, cultivate some food ... It's similar to the tasks you had in neo martial arts back then."
 Speaking of this, Li Hao continued,"monster plant clan prefers silence to movement, and is also the best choice to guard a place!" "It's a win-win cooperation. Compared to neo martial, I'm willing to give you more freedom ... After the mission is completed, you can do whatever you want. As long as it doesn't violate the law, everything is not a problem!"

 The little tree was a little surprised.
 It was ... Just like that?
 "Then ... The spring of life ..."
 Li Hao said,"I'll exchange 10000 divine energy stones for one drop. You only need to provide 1000 drops of the spring of life to the military governor's office every year. In return, the military governor's office can provide you with 10 million divine energy stones!"
 The small tree instantly shook a little.
 Although it was better to exchange with the powerhouses of some forces, it knew that since Li Hao had subdued many monster plants, he must know how much they had consumed.
 Since that was the case ... Offering 10000 Yuan per drop was already giving them a lot of preferential treatment.
 Li Hao continued, these 1000 drops are a must! "If senior has any extra, the governor's office can collect it for 5000 Yuan per drop ... That 1000 drops is special treatment. The rest is up to senior's free will. If you're not willing, then forget it!" "In the future, when the martial arts college is established, we can also directly contact the martial arts college!"
 Little tree was slightly shaken. After a while, he said,""Then if I join heaven battling city ..."
 Li Hao looked at the ninth Division commander.
  The ninth Division commander was silent for a while, then said in a deep voice,""No benefits! Only ... The duty to revive heaven battling city!"
 “……”
 Little tree cursed in his heart!
 Do you take me for an idiot?
 At Li Hao's place, he could move around freely and come and go as he pleased. He could exchange 1000 drops of the spring of life for 10 million divine power stones, and he could leave behind 7 million as his salary and reward.
 I went to heaven battling city, but in the end, I didn't get any benefits, only obligations?
 What a joke!
 Moreover, he didn't have freedom.
 Besides, there were also many monster plants in heaven battling city, so why would he go there?
 It ignored the other party and quickly said,""I'm willing to submit to the governor's office. I'm willing to protect the martial arts college, provide the spring of life, protect the governor's office's territory, and create a Holy Land for martial arts!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao glanced at the ninth Division commander.
 These words ... Were really firm!
 Li Hao thought to himself, does this mean that the ninth Division commander is cooperating with me to subdue these monster plants?
 If they went to heaven battling city, they wouldn't get any benefits, but they would still have to work hard to restore heaven battling city ... How many of these monster plants would be willing to agree?
 In comparison ... It would be strange if he didn't choose the governor's office.
 Li Hao said,"then follow us for now. When there are more than five of you, I'll escort you to Heavenly Star Town. Senior, do you know the ruins nearby?"
 "I know, I know. There's a Daoist temple about 500 miles to the East, and there's a fellow Daoist there too ... He's as strong as me, and I've fought with him over the local energy absorption before, so I know of his existence ..."
 "Very well. Senior, please lead the way and discuss our cooperation with this senior!"
 "I should!"
 At this moment, the little tree instantly turned into a guide. As monster plants, they could not leave the remains, but they were all drawing energy to revive themselves. They would definitely know where the other monster plants were nearby.
 This was because the other party was also drawing energy.
 If they found one, they would be able to find two. After pulling out the radish and bringing out the mud, more and more monster plants would be discovered.
 The central region was a huge place.
 Back then, there was more than one Heavenly Star Town on the Heavenly Star Island. This place was where the mineral veins were located. Countless experts were willing to come here to cultivate, establish families, sects, and even martial science universities.
 ……
 From this day on, Li Hao personally led a team to clean up the ruins in the central region.
 Some Fey plants surrendered, while others were stubborn and unwilling to surrender. They even spoke arrogantly and rudely. In the end, they all died, and even the ninth Division commander had nothing to say.
 He had personally tried to persuade an undying monster plant, but not only did the other party ignore him, he even scolded heaven battling city.
 In the end, he was suppressed by Li Hao's divine clone. Li Hao personally cut off his opponent's great Dao of origin, absorbed its origin, and took away the immortal wood, intimidating the few great demons who had surrendered.
 ……
 While Li Hao was clearing the ruins in the central continent.
 Silver Moon.
 Further north of Silver City.
 At the Cang Mountain.
 At this moment, four powerful demons were flying through the air. There was a ferocious Tiger, a giant snake, a giant ape, and a Golden Eagle.
 ,m The four demons were extremely fast.  At this moment, the Golden Eagle was flying through the air at an unbelievable speed."Hurry up! Those barbarians from Li Dynasty are catching up! We're all doomed!"
 He had spent some time in the Li Dynasty in the North, and had fought with the Li Dynasty's powerhouses many times in the Cang mountains.
 These demons were much bigger than the last time Li Hao saw them.
 But at this moment, he was very anxious.
 On the ground, the giant ape kept jumping around impatiently, and its mental energy kept on going berserk."Damn it, why did these Li Dynasty barbarians suddenly send out so many experts?"  The ferocious Tiger roared, and its spirit shook.""Can't you tell? The Li Dynasty might have to cross the Cang mountains and charge into the Silver Moon ..."
 "It can't be?"
 "What do you mean you won 't! I think ... I see an Army even further away. It's boundless ... I'm afraid they're going to invade the Silvermoon land!"
 "The martial masters of Silvermoon aren't to be trifled with."
 "That was in the past ... How many experts does the Silver Moon Martial Master have now? We've already surpassed sunguang, and now that earthbound sword is here, we'll be able to kill him as well...But that fellow is already a top-tier Silver Moon expert!"
 "If even we don't dare to provoke those barbarians ... I think Silver Moon is done for!"
 "That's true!"
 The few great demons fled in a frenzy. Behind them, figures appeared one after another.
 Indistinctly, a battle could be heard.
 In the distance, a long spear shot towards heaven and earth.
 "Retreat!" Someone shouted angrily. Return to Silver Moon and send out the news that the Li Dynasty is invading!"
 "Golden spear, you go first!"
 The angry shouts continued, mixed with some incomprehensible language, and the rumbling continued.
 In front of him, the great demons did not even turn their heads as they fled quickly.
 In the Li Dynasty, there were also some martial masters from Heavenly Star who were training there. This time, with the Li Dynasty's invasion, these martial masters were the first to bear the brunt and became the Li Dynasty's targets of extermination.
 Some of the martial masters were also extremely powerful and managed to escape.
 At this moment, the giant ape transmitted its voice,'golden spear ... One of the thirty-five pieces of trash? Those who are with that overlaid sword ... Should we save them?"
 "Save my ass ... Why should I?"
 "No, since we saved someone, we can say that we're going to report to the Silver Moon Martial Master. Otherwise ... What would we do if the Silver Moon Martial Master doesn't let us go? The land of the Silver Moon is also a bit dangerous. It's best for us to leave the grey Mountains and the Silver Moon ... Go to the four Seas and become the king ..."
 "That makes sense!"
 "The guys coming after us don't seem to be too strong ... Condor, do you think we should save them?"
 "Let's take a look first!"
 The great demons were extremely fast, but they still had some brains. They thought of saving a few people and using them as Silver moon's travel fee. Silver Moon still felt that there was some danger on his side.
 In the rear, the battle was getting more and more intense, and killing intent was soaring.
 Several martial arts powerhouses swept across the world.
 The long spear swept across the sky. Jin Jin, who had disappeared for a long time, was also among them. He was fighting against the strong enemies with a few martial masters. Jin Jin's face was ugly.
 This was big trouble!
 The Li Dynasty had invaded!
 If the Li Dynasty crossed the Cang mountains, the Silver Moon would be the first battlefield. This time, he had to send the message back no matter what. There was no communication base in the Cang mountains, so he couldn't send messages with his communication Jade.
 Only by running back and telling Silvermoon's experts would they be able to organize their forces and stop the enemy at the Cang mountains.
 Otherwise, once they entered the Silver Moon, there would be another bloodbath.
 "Kill!"
 "Retreat!"
 "I'll Cover You, you guys run! This is not the time to show off ... We must send the news out as soon as possible ... Silver Moon is in danger!"
 There had been no news of the Li Dynasty for more than a hundred years, and this time, they had chosen to invade Heavenly Star. This was something that the martial masters had not expected.
 Of course, having been in the Li Dynasty for some time, they knew how powerful it was.
 Although there weren't many people, there were many experts, and the Army was extremely powerful.
 A group of intrepid martial artists who had inherited the strong physical bodies of the ancient civilization, and even powerhouses with indestructible golden bodies ...
 Golden Spear's expression was also grave.
 In Dali, he had also met a few of his old friends, but today ... Can we still go back?
  In the distance, there were already experts flying over.
 Just the aura alone was enough to make them feel suffocated!
 That was a top-tier expert who had surpassed Sunglow, perhaps even thirty percent stronger. Perhaps ... He was even more powerful than the so-called divine power. At least, the Golden spear knew the level of divine power.
 Those who had arrived earlier were already in despair. With such power, could Silver Moon ... Stop these powerful existences?
 Even if he broke all the Super locks on his body, he would not be able to withstand it!
 "I'll break the SuperLock to stop them ... The rest, run!"
 Someone shouted in anger. A giant axe split the sky and earth as it flew towards the expert. The superpower locks on his body broke one after another, erupting with unparalleled power.
 Jin Jin roared and shot out his spear, breaking the SuperLock!
 Then let's fight!
 The Silver Moon golden spear never feared death!

 In the depths of the Cang mountains, a great battle broke out.
 The superpower lock broke, superpower emerged, and his internal organs exploded.
 The first battlefield of the Li Dynasty's invasion at the Silver Moon.
 At that moment, the gold spear men had no desire to kill their enemies. They only wanted to escape and return to Silver Moon so that they could inform Silver Moon in advance and make preparations.
 For more than a hundred years, there had not been a war with the Li Dynasty.
 Most of the Silver Moon martial masters who had fought against the Li Dynasty in the past were not in the land of Silver Moon now. In fact, Silver Moon had been suppressed by the dynasty for 200 years and was no longer as strong as it was in the past. The current Silver Moon might not be able to stop the Li Dynasty.
 However, at this moment ... Everyone knew that they could not escape.
 The divine ability appeared.
 In other words, experts who could compare with the level of divine abilities had appeared. There were even some who were more powerful than the two divine abilities.
 The combat strength of the martial masters was not weak.
  If it was just a two-elemental divine power, it would be hard to make them stay.
 However, at this moment, in the depths of the grey Mountains, a few more powerful existences were flying over. They might not be comparable to two elements, but four or even five elements ...
 To Jin gun and the others, they could fight any two or three elements after breaking the Super Lock.
 However, how could he fight with four or five elements?
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, one of the Dali martial masters smashed a Martial master's head with a bone stick-like weapon. The other martial masters roared in unison!
 His killing intent soared!
 BOOM!
 The sound of explosions rang out continuously, and the world was filled with light.
 "Fight and retreat! I'll bring up the rear!"
 The Golden spear roared and pierced through the sky.
 That day, in order to break hou Xiaochen's spear will, in order to prove himself and to make sure that the Golden spear would no longer be an embarrassment, he had gone to the Li Dynasty alone. Now, his strength had improved greatly.
 In the beginning, the superpower lock could not be saturated. Now, it could be saturated and even broken.
 He also possessed the strength of the people from the earth overturning sword before he left.
 He could break the superpower lock and fight.
 In the Li Dynasty, he had also killed people and fought against powerful cultivators. He had even fought a group of demons in the Cang mountains.
 However ... Today, powerful cultivators from the Li Dynasty had appeared.
 These powerhouses were much more powerful than the common martial masters of Dali.
 "Kill them all, don't leave a single one!"
 In the distance, the voice of an expert could be heard. The few Li Dynasty powerhouses who were charging over were even more excited, their blood and Qi soaring!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Jin gun and the others kept retreating. They were no longer a match.
 ……
 On the other side of the mountain.
 The million-strong Army was densely packed. Their qi and blood rushed to the sky and the earth, and the dark clouds were scattered.
  Many terrifying existences stood in the void.  The leader was dressed in a black robe and held a scepter in his hand. He didn't feel any uneasiness from the escape of the Silver Moon martial masters. Instead, he ignored everything and said in a different tone,""Advance! Annihilate Silver Moon, annihilate heavenstar! The Li Dynasty will dominate this world!"
 "Kill!"
 "Kill!"
 "Kill!"
 The million strong Army was like a tsunami.
 There wasn't much armor, and most of them were topless, making them look like savages.
 A thousand or ten thousand people formed a square team.
 In front of each team, there was an expert. They were either riding on demonic beasts or holding special divine weapons. They floated in the air and their auras were incomparably valiant, like wild ancient demons.
 Beside the black-robed priest, there were also several people standing in the void.
 There was a strong man in beast skin. He was covered in golden light and was extremely tall, more than three meters tall. He was the king of the Li Dynasty.
 The black-robed priest was indeed a priest of a dynasty.
 The power of the monarch was bestowed by God!
 In the Li Dynasty, there were gods.
 Unlike the gods of the Western Kingdom of God, there was another type of God in Dali, the God of beginner martial!
 They were far more ancient and powerful than the gods of the divine Kingdom.
 That was the era of the nine emperors and four Emperors.
 It was a race that had walked out of Supreme existences like the sun god.
 However, many of the gods of the beginning martial world had been killed in the era of the new martial world and the era of the nine emperors and four Emperors. However, there were still some gods who lived to the new martial world and chose to submit to the human King.
 As for Dali, it was said that it was a country passed down from a God of beginner martial arts.
 The Li Dynasty believed in the God of beginner martial.
 As for who it was, the current king of Dali had actually forgotten, or rather ... He had made some changes. He no longer believed in the original God of Chu Wu, but was said to be the strongest God in the Chu Wu era, the sun god!
 They were existences that were still above the human King after he had unified the world.
 It was an existence that walked the chaos, alongside the world Lord.
 The king of Dali actually did not care who he believed in.
  They only cared about whether the person they believed in could fill the people of Dali with courage.
 And the sun god ... Could give everyone such courage.
 In the new martial era, he was the only one who could truly stand shoulder to shoulder with the human King.
 Beside the Dali King, there were several top experts. Among them, there were a few experts who were also wearing black robes, but these black robes were slightly different from the black-robed priests.
 At this moment, the black-robed priest gave the order, and the million-strong Army began to cross the Cang Mountain.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for the Dali King, he was floating in the air. His body was extremely strong. He looked into the distance, and his eyes flashed."Heavenstar, is there really such a big mine?"
 "There really is."
 Beside him, a black-robed man said softly,"that big mine is worth billions of energy stones, and now it's been seized by Li Hao. Li Hao has previously informed Your Majesty that the successor of the neo martial Swordmaster is not weak. Now, he's even promoting the new martial arts in the stellarsky domain. Once he succeeds, the Li Dynasty may become Li Hao's first target soon!"
 The big mine was only secondary.
 The key was that the new martial arts would spread, and soon, countless martial masters would emerge from heavenstar. The Li Dynasty might become heavenstar's number one target for external attacks.

 The king of Dali actually didn't care.
 In his eyes, heavenstar was no longer the heavenstar of the past.
 Even though the black-robed experts all said that they shouldn't underestimate Li Hao ...
 Yes, these people did not want to use deceptive means to deceive the king of Dali. If the other party was careless, he would be easily annihilated by heavenstar. They had reminded the king of Dali many times to be careful.
 He must pay attention to it!
 But the king of Dali obviously didn't seem to care.
 This made the black-robed experts very helpless.
 Beginner martial artists ... Even if they weren't considered as beginner martial artists and only had some inheritances left behind, but ... They were still so arrogant and conceited!
 Chu Wu was defeated by the nine emperors, Four Emperors, and the human King ...
 It was indeed not easy for him to pass down his failures to this day.
  However ... If he underestimated Li Hao again, he might fail again. That wouldn't be good. Even if he failed, he should at least weaken Li Hao a little.
 The black robes were speechless.
 The priest's gentle voice rang in his ears,""Don't worry, the king is not underestimating the enemy. It's just that the king has the courage of millions of soldiers and can not show any respect ... However, I know what I'm doing and will not advance rashly."
 As soon as these words came out, the few powerhouses felt a lot more at ease.
 "There are similar existences like the venerable ones near the Li Dynasty ..." Black robe continued,"and there are quite a number of them. I hope that the venerable ones can help me with this ..."
 A black-robed man from the ancient city said in a deep voice,""Don't worry! "Those origin avatars were only released previously. Their strength is average. We've already eliminated some of them recently. The rest are nothing to worry about! "The reason we didn't kill them all in one fell swoop was because we were worried that Silvermoon would know about it in advance ... Killing a portion of them might have been an accident, but if we kill them all, then the experts of Silvermoon's ancient city will know that something has happened."
 "Our men have already surrounded and killed those guys ... We won't let them escape back to the Silver Moon land!"
 "It's still the venerable's side. They're really strong."
 "I can see that there are quite a number of people," the black-robed priest said gently."The venerable one didn't seem to have sent many people, but they were able to kill and besiege him ... I hope that this cooperation will work out for both sides."
 "They will. Not only the Li Dynasty, but we've also sent people to the Holy Kingdom in the West, the great wilderness in the East, and the raincloud dynasty in the North to contact them. However, the communication is not smooth, and the nine base stations are out of control. We can't contact them quickly ... However, we're still working hard to take down heavenstar in one fell swoop!"
 The black-robed priest nodded slightly."Heavenstar is indeed powerful and has a large population. Even the four dynasties added together can't compare to one-tenth of them ... They have the Central Plains, the core of the world, and many experts. The Li Dynasty will not underestimate them."
 A few top-tier experts were conversing with each other.
 "Cross the Cang Mountain! Anyone who blocks the way will die!" King Dali shouted.
 The Dali King's aura was unparalleled. Even the void was shattering and cutting his body, but it could not tear his body apart. An ancient city black-robed man exclaimed,""What powerful strength, what a powerful body. The Dali King's strength is probably not weaker than the mid-stage of the peak of neo martial realm ... It's comparable to some of the current undying!"
  However, the other party did not feel much of the suppression of heaven and earth. The space slicing was just a perfunctory gesture.  The fact that he was not torn apart by the space despite his powerful strength made everyone envious and confused.
 Their true bodies were not weaker than the Dali King.
 However, they could not get out.
 The black-robed priest smiled and said softly,""The king is the will of the heavens! He has the aura of a King and the blessing of the heavens, so he naturally has some preferential treatment. "
 Everyone nodded.
 In fact, they could tell.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Because of the existence of the Dali dynasty, hundreds of millions of Dali people admired the Dali King very much. He might have attracted the attention of the Heaven's Will, and the Heaven's Will had given him some protection.
 Home field advantage!
 Li Hao wasn't the only one who had this advantage. The other Kings also had this advantage.
 It was because of this that the king of Dali felt fearless.
 Because of this, the black robes from ancient city felt that they were not seeking death by going to Li Hao. An expert who truly had the battle strength of an undying of this era might be much stronger than Li Hao's sun and moon.
 Since that was the case ... It was not as if the Li Dynasty had no hope of breaking through heavenstar.
 Cut off Li Hao's martial arts transmission!
  The black-robed priest also looked at the Dali King and chuckled,""Everyone, let's go together. There are still some powerful demons in the Cang mountains that we might need to trouble you to subdue. There are many powerful demons in the nine mountains and eighteen levels of the Cang Mountain, and they will be of great help. If we can subdue them and work with the Warriors of the Li Dynasty, we will definitely be able to form an extremely powerful demon cavalry!"
 The few black robes knew that this person was using them as free labor.
 But ... Everyone was working together, or perhaps using each other. The few black robes had nothing to refute when the chief priest of the temple said so.
 "Don't worry, we will help Dali to subdue the demons of the Cang mountains!"
 "Also, if I may be so bold as to ask, are there still the true bodies of the gods that are worshipped in the temple?" one of the black-robed men asked.
 They still didn't know which ancient God Chu Wu Dali temple worshipped.
 As for the sun god ... That was nonsense.
 The few of them did not believe him at all.
 How could that be possible!
 It was only because the sun god did not care, or because the Stargate was sealed that he could not sense them. Otherwise, if these guys dared to call themselves believers of the sun god ... The sun god would have punched through the world and killed them all.

 The black-robed priest smiled."Of course there is. It's just that the heavens and earth can't tolerate it. We still need time to invite the divine Lord to descend."
 The black-robed men did not ask further.
 It was obvious that this person didn't want to say too much. They didn't care if there was or not. When that person could descend into the world, they would do the same. At that time ... It would be hard to say who would be stronger.
 In the beginning martial era, most of the ancient gods had been killed. The top existences, such as the sun god and the Emperor of earth, were not interested in spreading the beginning martial era.
 At most, it was the inheritance left by some surviving beginner martial stage powerhouses on the Chu Wu continent that was preserved by the human King.
 Among them, only some existences with the combat strength of Heavenly Kings were at their peak.
 It was almost impossible for those people to become venerable sovereigns.
 As they thought about this, they didn't say anything.
 The black-robed priest also smiled gently and didn't say much.
 Whether or not ... Only he would know.
  The Army set out. At this moment, the Cang mountains were in a riot. Countless demonic beasts felt great pressure. A powerful man who was like a god was overbearing and pushing the Cang mountains.
 In the depths of the Green Mountain, many powerful demonic beasts floated in the air and looked into the distance. They were all terrified.
 Could this world accommodate such an expert?
 A few days ago, nearly a hundred strong cultivators had appeared in the sky, and they were already extremely frightened. They did not expect that today, there would be so many strong cultivators. Was it the Dali King?
 Sure enough, there was a legend in the Cang mountains that the Dali King had been blessed by the will of heaven and had unparalleled magical powers.
 Seeing it today, it indeed lived up to its reputation!
 The powerful demonic beasts quickly retreated, not daring to fight with the Dali King at this moment. There were countless powerful cultivators under the Dali king's command. Although the demons of the Cang Mountain were usually fearless, they had crossed the Cang Mountain and fought with the powerful cultivators of the Dali dynasty.
 However ... Today, the millions of troops of the Dali dynasty were crossing. The king of the Dali dynasty was personally leading the expedition, and the priests of the divine Hall were following. These demons did not dare to provoke them at all.
 …………
 At the same time.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Gold spear and the others became more and more courageous as they fought, and they kept retreating.
 Although they were no match for the enemy, they still managed to stop the enemy's Vanguard.
 The other people ran like crazy toward Silvermoon.
 The Cang Mountain had many twists and turns, and it was extremely difficult to cross.
 Normally, they had to be careful when crossing the Cang Mountain, but today, no one could care about this.
 The powerhouses of the Li Dynasty's Vanguard Army were about to take down Jin gun and the others when suddenly, the void trembled, and the high-pitched cry of an Eagle was heard. It shook the hearts of the people, and in an instant, a fierce tiger roared and came.
 In the blink of an eye, a giant ape smashed down with a cudgel in its hand!
 A powerful golden body powerhouse saw this and shouted angrily,""How audacious! You guys?"
 There were many demon clans in the grey Mountain.
 However, there were a few who were famous, including these newcomers. They had entered the Li Dynasty a few months ago and committed all sorts of evil, robbing the property of many powerful people.  These demons weren't extremely powerful, but they were somewhat special and had a feeling of being one with the heavens and earth.
 In addition, the four demons had always been traveling together, so ordinary experts could not do anything to them.
 But today, the Li Dynasty's million-strong Army had been deployed, and the king had personally led the Army. How dare these great demons ruin the dynasty's plans?
 "Roar!"
 The ferocious Tiger roared and clawed at the Golden body. A few bloody marks were left on the Golden body. It was also secretly complaining. What a strong body. Its claws were indestructible, but they were almost broken by the other party!
 How terrifying!
 The ferocious Tiger was a little regretful. Provoking these guys ... Was really dangerous.
 But now, since he had already done it ... Why would he care about that? it was not like he was going to fight them to the death. He was only saving a few people as a passing fee for Silver Moon.
 Are you as familiar with the Cang mountains as we are?
 With a loud bang, a powerful being was knocked away by the giant ape. The Golden Eagle flew across the sky and grabbed Jin gun and the others with its sharp claws."The wind is tight!"
 "Whoosh!"
 The four demons were like bandits. They succeeded in one strike, saved a few people, and fled frantically.
 In the blink of an eye, they crossed a tall mountain.
 A powerful demon floated in the air and shouted,""Trespassers in my territory ..."
 The Golden Eagle's spirit exploded."The Li Dynasty is coming. They want to exterminate the Cang Mountain demon race. Mad bull King, they said they want to stew you to eat beef...Go and kill them!"
 In the mountain, the huge ox demon seemed to be a little violent.
 After hearing this, he quickly roared and charged towards the Dali cultivators behind him with his giant red Horn, his mind rampaging."How dare you northern barbarians be so arrogant! I'll eat you!"
 The Dali powerhouses were furious!
 This stupid ox demon!
  "You guys deal with it, I'll go after them ..."
 "Yes!"
 A few cultivators responded one after another. A golden-Arhat cultivator soared into the sky and left a few people to fight the giant Grey Mountain bull.
 In the distance, the Golden Condor streaked across the sky. Below, the three brothers, the Tiger, the giant ape, and the Python, were also extremely fast. They ran towards the places where the great demons were. Soon, another great demon was awakened.
 Before he could come back to his senses, he heard the giant ape roar,""The Li Dynasty has invaded and wants to exterminate the demons of the Cang Mountain. Brothers, let's work together to kill the enemy. We'll inform the demon kings of the nine mountains and eighteen levels to fight to the death!"
 Before the big demon could react, he saw a powerful golden body flying over. He was shocked and his mental energy exploded."Little ones, follow this King to kill the enemy. You bold fanatics, you dare to invade my Cang Mountain ..."
 BOOM!
 The Golden-Arhat powerhouse was furious. What a stupid demon.
 As expected, the four demons were quite intelligent.
 Perhaps they were influenced by the cunning Heavenly Star people and were likely from the other side of the Cang mountains. The demons from the South of the Cang mountains were only in contact with the cunning Heavenly Star people.

