fileno%d
r Moon Martial Master had gone to various places to impart cultivation techniques.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, began his new journey.
 Opening the remains.
 Lu Zhen Research Institute.
 The Yun family had always hoped that Li Hao would activate it, but Li Hao had been worried and dissatisfied with the Research Institute's mental resurrection method, so he had been stalling for time.
 The method of spiritual power resurrection, for example, Yun Yuming of the Yun family, had the tendency of mixing the spirits of ancient and modern people, and even showed signs of possession.
 Li Hao didn't want to see such a situation.
 Although Zhang an had said that neo martial artists looked down on the physical bodies of the human race of this era, Li Hao had still been worried.
 However, Li Hao still decided to open it today.
 There weren't enough sky screens. Although the stellarsky city was still producing them, the production speed was very slow, and it was difficult to cover the entire central region. Moreover, the quality and image quality were average. It was said that the sky screens of the ancient people could even reflect the small freckles on one's face. However, the sky screens produced today couldn't do it.
  The difference in technology made it difficult for people of today to overcome these difficulties.
 The sky screen was one of them. The second was the qi and blood pill of the new martial era. This was also one of the difficulties. In the new era, pills were not popular. At most, there were some pills that were purely made of energy, but the specific division was very vague.
 Li Hao needed support for all these.
 The Lu Zhen Research Institute was an extremely important place.
 ……
 Outside the stellarsky city.
 Near a small mountain.
 At this moment, Li Hao, Yun Yuming, Yun Yao, and Yun Yuqi, the three members of the Yun family, had all come. Yuan Shuo, as an archeologist, also came.
 Other than them, Li Hao also brought another person, director Wang.
 Director Wang was preparing to reverse his physical body, but it was still in the preparation stage and he hadn't succeeded yet. The Dao Meridian wasn't that easy to get unless he possessed someone, but he wasn't willing to do so. Therefore, he came to the Lu Zhen Research Institute to look for an opportunity.
 Of course, director Wang was here just in case.
 Although the Yun family had said that there was no powerful entity inside and that it was just a Research Institute, everyone still hoped that they could be assured of their safety when Li Hao came.
 With an undying like director Wang, at least for now, their combat power would surpass Li Hao 's.
 If Li Hao wanted to truly possess director Wang's combat power, he would most likely have to reach the ninth stage of the sun Moon tier and open more than 30 Dao meridians. This was in the modern era. In the past, if director Wang had his natural source, he might not even be able to match him even if he opened 36 Dao meridians.
 At this moment, Yuming, a teenager, had a complicated look in his eyes.  Yunyao was as quiet as ever.
 Ever since she had killed the seventh Princess, she had been quietly carrying out missions or cultivating in the Demon Hunter Army. Now, she had also reached the three-sun realm, far ahead of Li Hao and the others.
 However, yunyao had always been calm and indifferent.
 Li Hao actually admired this style.
 After all, sometimes, not everyone could become a top-notch expert. One had to have a good attitude. He couldn't take care of everyone. For those who couldn't keep up in martial arts, they had to be more peaceful.
 In fact, there were very few people who could do it, and it was very easy to have a mental imbalance.
 At this time, he needed to adjust it himself.
 At this moment, Yuqi was still the same as before, chattering,"Yuming, is this the place? How did you know it was here? Don't lead Governor li in the wrong direction ..."
 Yuming glanced at her sister. Ever since she found out that the Yun family had been avenged, her sister had been in a good mood.
 However, there was something Yuming didn't dare to say. For example, he didn't know if he was Yuming or someone from the neo martial era.
 However, his sister was very good to him. Five years ago, the young Yuqi took him to the stellarsky city to survive. Even though they were extremely poor, she used all kinds of means to feed Yuming. Sometimes, she even had some spare money for him to buy books and help others.
 Back in the slums, the children in the courtyard were all picked up by Yuming, but they were all raised by Yuqi.
 Even though he would find a way out for those children, Yuming felt that his sister had doted on him the most in the past five years. He didn't dare to say that he had some memories of the ancient people.
 Yuming smiled when she heard her sister."Sis, this is the place. I won't take the wrong way!"
  "Okay, that's good."
 Yuqi didn't care about all this. She just felt that her life was good now. Her aunt was still alive, and her brother, who was naturally intelligent, had been entrusted with important tasks by the governor. It was said that he had become a member of the sky screen team on the governor's side, and he was installing the sky screen everywhere with some old people from the Academy.
 Those old people were his grandfather's colleagues. They took great care of his younger brother and valued him.
 She felt that such a life was very good.
 As for herself, she didn't have much to pursue. Now that she was in the Heavenly Star military governor's office, she wasn't assigned any specific work. She was just doing some small things within her ability, so she was quite content.
 This time, when she found out that they were going to open the Yun family's remains, she had specially followed them.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com She was the one who had come to Li Hao and asked him to avenge the Yun family, who would then trade the remains for it. At the very least, Yuqi knew that she had to keep her promise. If she failed to do so, the Yun family's reputation would be ruined.
 Now that the imperial family of the ninth Department was gone, most of the nobles who killed the Yun family had been executed, and a small number of those who were involved were either exiled or imprisoned ... Yuqi was very satisfied.
 As for clearing the name of the Yun family, there was no need for that.
 Because even if the Yun family died, they would not be tainted. They would only frame the three major organizations and would not say that the Yun family colluded with the three major organizations. In that case, there was no need to clear their name.

 "Governor, now that the remains are open, I'll have completed what I promised you!"
 Yuqi was overjoyed, and a little slyness was hidden in her eyes.
 If there's no harvest ... It has nothing to do with me.
 I only said that I'll give you the ruins, but I didn't say that there must be treasures inside. In her opinion, the Yun family was so weak back then, and now that the governor is in charge of the world, treasures might not be of any value to them.
 She couldn't be blamed for the small gains.
 Li Hao smiled and nodded."Yes, after we enter the remains, the agreement we reached back then is complete!"
 "Do you want to wait outside, or do you want to go in together?" he looked at Yuming.
 Before Yuming could say anything, Yuqi said, "Let's go in together. Otherwise, if it's too dangerous, everyone will think that the Yun family is trying to harm the military governor. I remember grandfather saying that there's no danger in these remains."
 "Sister ..."
 Yuming was just about to speak when yunyao said calmly,""Let's go in together. Yuming, you know this place a little, so there shouldn't be any danger, right?"
  Yunyao glanced at Yuming. She knew some inside information.
 Yuming might have inherited some of the ancient people's memories.
 This was the best opportunity to harm Li Hao.
 If that was the case ... The Yun family would be too embarrassed to face anyone. If there was really danger, she and Yuqi would be buried together in the ruins, so that Li Hao would understand that the Yun family ... Had no intention of harming Li Hao.
 Li Hao actually didn't care about this.
 These two people were indeed very weak. It might be dangerous to enter.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao said,"you two can stay. Yuming knows something. Just go with us."
 "Commander ..."
 Yunyao wanted to say something, but Li Hao smiled and said,""It's fine. If we don't come out after a day, you can inform the others. Just stand guard outside for now."
 Yunyao thought for a moment and didn't say anything.  Yuming, who was at the side, was also extremely depressed. He didn't say a word. Obviously, everyone was worried about him.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao didn't say anything else. The ground cracked open on its own. He cast an earth-type technique, and a passage appeared in the cracked ground. At the end of the passage was a door that needed a key to open, which yunyao had given to Li Hao Long ago.
 The four of them walked in. This time, Gou 'Zi didn't come as he was searching for his Dao Meridian.
 Yuan Shuo was an archeologist. He looked at the two sides of the road and said,""The Yun family opened it themselves. The ancient monument is at the end."
 When he reached the door, he looked at the door and said,""This is the military alert zone's isolation door."
 Li Hao nodded.
 Director Wang glanced at Yuan Shuo. This guy knew quite a lot. It seemed like he had dug up the graves of his generation.  Li Hao took out the key and inserted it into a socket on the door.
 He twisted the key, and the iron door opened automatically.
 In an instant, the light was scorching.
 "An automatic sensing system!"
 Yuming explained immediately,"there's an automatic sensor system in the Research Institute. It was broken before. Now that the world is recovering and there's some energy, it's activated again."
 They entered a long corridor.
 The lights were bright!
 Seeing that Li Hao was about to enter, the other three shouted at the same time,""Stop!"
 Li Hao instantly stopped.
 Yuming said immediately,"this place was destroyed before. It's fine to leave. Now that it's recovered a little, there are energy cannons everywhere. It's still dangerous to deal with invading enemies."
 Director Wang also nodded. Obviously, he knew about this.
 Yuan Shuo had done so purely out of experience.
 Only Li Hao seemed a little ignorant. He hadn't explored many ruins, and most of them were guarded by monster plants, so he didn't have these messy things.
 "Let's use the city Lord seal!"
 Yuming looked at director Wang, who nodded. At the entrance of the tunnel, the Black Tortoise seal appeared. Also, a mechanical voice came from the screen at the entrance,[The arrival of heaven battling city's city Lord has been detected. Trying to identify him ... Identification error. The person is Wang Ye, the director of heaven battling city's security Department ...]
 "Examining the origin ... The examination was wrong. He is not the city Lord of heaven battling city!"
  "Searching through the internet ... Network failure ... Checking the transfer of the master Seal ... The transfer is complete. Wang Ye is temporarily acting as the city Lord. He has level two authority and can enter!"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 Director Wang explained,"in the past, there was a National Information Network system that could instantly send messages to all places. The nine base stations were responsible for operating it. Later, the nine base stations lost contact, which was where the Sequoia tree was ... Now the network connection is cut, and there is no way to communicate with other places."
 "Yes." Li Hao nodded and asked curiously,"if we restore the nine base stations ... Can we do it again?"
 "I should be able to."
 Director Wang nodded."I asked the Redwood tree last time. I know where the other eight base stations are, and there is a high chance that they are still alive. If we can take them down and activate the nine base stations again, we should be able to restore the network coverage. In this case, the sky screen system can be perfected even more. Otherwise, it'll be easy for problems to arise. The base stations that Yuming has set up are all very simple and can be easily destroyed. "
 "It's indeed troublesome without the nine main base stations,"Yuming nodded.
 While they were talking, something seemed to have disappeared from the long passageway. Some of the hidden dangers had disappeared.
 Just as they were about to move forward, Li Hao suddenly walked to the screen, thought for a moment, and then took out the starry sky sword.
 A probing force came over, and soon, the machine made a sound,""Fluctuations of the starry sky sword detected ... Not the arrival of a sword venerable ... The successor of the sword venerable has arrived at the Research Institute ... First-level authority granted to the Research Institute ..."

 Li Hao's heart moved, and director Wang was helpless."It really is ..."
 It's all about judging the person!
 The sword venerable didn't even come. The starry sky sword only rippled.
 Yuming explained,"there are three levels of authorization in the Research Institute. Ordinary researchers have level three authorization and can enter and leave freely. Some leaders have level two authorization and can activate some special devices. The director has level one authorization and can control most of the machines and storage in the Research Institute. The venerable sword has special authorization and can control the Research Institute."
 Special-grade was clearly not in the ranks of this third-grade.
 Li Hao nodded. He had just come up with this idea on a whim. He remembered that Red Moon had spread some rumors that the starry sky sword could control many relics, but he had never tried it.
 From the looks of it now, it would probably be very difficult to take charge, but it would give him a lot of face.
 At this moment, the starry sky sword also started to fluctuate slightly.
 Li Hao glanced at it and smiled. This thing ... Ever since he opened the bright star sector, it seemed to have recovered a lot and was much more obedient. Before this, Li Hao could only operate it through the breathing technique of five birds.
  But now ... He didn't need to.
 With Li Hao and director Wang's permission, they brought Yuming and Yuan Shuo to the corridor. Yuming started to introduce,""This is the entrance to the research facility. The facility has a total of eight experimental departments, and the facility on Silver moon's side is mainly in charge of eight different research directions."
 "They are the spiritual reincarnation method in the Silver Moon region, the research in the direction of the gods, the difference between the main and sub-worlds, the mapping range of the great Dao of origin, the construction of the universe channel, the research on the sealing of stargates, the transmission of void signals, and the separation of influence of small worlds."
 Hearing this, Li Hao was stunned. The things studied in this place were all quite high-end.
 However, wasn't this place just a small branch?
 Director Wang seemed a little surprised,"the Research Institute's branch is mainly researching this?" I thought you were researching a new generation of armor or something. "
 "That's the weapon Research Institute's responsibility. We're not responsible for this. "
 The moment he said that, the few of them looked at Yuming.
 Yuming said helplessly,"stop looking at me. I'm here, and my memories are recovering more. I'm more easily affected. That's why I said 'we'. Now, I'm replacing myself with that old senior."
 Li Hao frowned slightly."That's not good!"
 Yuming sighed and didn't say anything.  It was actually quite normal for Li Hao to be disgusted.
 The ancient man had taken over the body of a modern man ... Although it was not a complete possession, the memory of the ancient man was constantly recovering, and he had taken over most of Yuming's memory. He would grow more and more like the ancient man.
 This was something that could not be helped.
 "Does your behavior involve the spirit reincarnation technique?"
 Yuming nodded."In the main world, there are two realms, yin and yang. This was achieved after the human King created the heaven and earth realm and took control of the world. In the inner world of the human King, this change can be completed. However, in Silver Moon, we don't have this ability ... So, we want to try it out in Silver Moon."
 "I know someone who did the same thing. He's Hongtu from Fengyun Pavilion."
 Yuming thought for a moment and said,"if he did it ... He might have followed the Yin Yang reincarnation method of the main world. There are many disadvantages. His memories will be separated, and he won't be the same person. It's just that seeing someone else's memory is like watching a movie. It doesn't mean that he can completely integrate into it and be in it! "This has a huge drawback. You can even say that we're not the same person anymore. The reincarnation method of the Research Institute is to allow the memories to completely merge. You are me, and I am you. The kind that can't be distinguished from each other."
 "But there are also some difficulties and drawbacks here at the Research Institute," he continued."Because this world ... Is actually not perfect. The Dao of life and death is not perfect, so it is very difficult to complete such a reversal."
 He explained,"this kind of drawback ... Just like what I'm doing now, I have to rely on the spiritual power of this world as a attachment. This is what the governor calls possession. The real reincarnation method doesn't need to do this. The reversal of life and death, the reversal of yin and yang, only consumes energy, special energy, and not this kind of low-level possession method."
  "You admit that you've taken over my body?"
 Li Hao snorted. Yu Ming said helplessly,"Since that's what the governor thinks, I can only say this. Actually ... I don't want this to happen either. My mental strength has always been in the Research Institute, and it's actually quite free. In the end, Yun Haoran, who is my grandfather, insisted on guiding my mental strength into my body, triggering an irreversible reincarnation process. I'm also very helpless."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao didn't say anything else and continued moving forward. At this moment, after passing through the passage, he saw an area of buildings that were brightly lit as if it was daytime.
 It was no longer as dark as the other ruins.
 "Are there any other spiritual power powerhouses here?"
 "I'm not sure,"
 Yuming shook his head."At that time, there was a director, three Deputy Directors, eight department heads, two to three hundred researchers, and more than a thousand guards." Later, the venerable sword wanted to go to war, and the director and two deputy directors followed him. A few of the eight supervisors also left, and two-thirds of the guards were withdrawn ... The remaining people were responsible for maintaining the operation of the Research Institute. I was previously in charge of the spirit reincarnation technique ..."
 "You're one of the eight Chiefs?"
 Li Hao asked. Yuming thought for a while, then nodded,"Yes, it's too weak ... Its spiritual energy has long dissipated! If there are still people alive now, they should be in charge of the first floor. As for the guards, if they are still alive, they can only be like the guards of other cities, with only a few remnant thoughts left. "

 "One of the eight supervisors ... How come I don't know you?" Wang Ye suddenly said.
 Yuming was speechless."Director Wang, do you know anyone else other than our director?"
 Wang Ye was a little embarrassed, but he still said,"I do. I know one of your Deputy Directors. Deputy Director Liu pinghao. I know him!"
 Yuming thought about it and said helplessly,"we don't have a Deputy Director. Director Wang is really ... As a police officer, he's always setting traps!" Liu pinghao, I think he was one of the Deputy commanders of the guards here. "
 Li Hao looked at Wang Ye. Director Wang grinned."Ahem, I remembered wrong. Sorry!"
 Yuming was speechless.
 He didn't say much and continued,"the sky screen and the vitality pill that the governor is looking for are all in the first warehouse. There are some miscellaneous items inside. They should still be there. Those are all low-level research. It's just that in your spare time, everyone will relax and do some basic research to improve ..."
 Alright!
 Li Hao was also speechless. So, the things that we value are actually nothing here?
 At this moment, Li Hao was somewhat interested in the research in the eight directions."You have eight departments and a deity Research Institute?"
  "Yes,"
 Yuming nodded."When the small world was first created, some local gods were born. Some of them were killed. Some disappeared, but some bodies were left behind. There's a God's body here, and we've been studying it."
 "What God?"
 "The God of the earth!"
 Yuming explained,"he wields the power of the earth, and his body is extremely strong. That's why his body was left behind after he was killed. When he was killed, his combat power wasn't weak. He even had the combat power of a peak Saint! You must know that at that time, the origin Dao could still radiate over, so it was a true peak Sage and not the kind of Sage without the origin Dao now ..."
 "It won't resurrect, right?"
 "The recovery of the world," Li Hao suddenly said."It might resurrect some dead gods."
 The death of an old God did not mean that he could not be resurrected.
 If the world recovered, these old gods might also come back to life, and that would be a big problem.
 Even though the Saints now were not as good as the Saints of the past.
 However, the current king ye wasn't the king ye of the past. Even if ... There was still a huge gap between the two of them.
 Yuming shook his head."No, he was killed by the sword Saint himself. As long as the sword will of the sword Saint is not destroyed, he will not be revived. Even if a new God is born, it will not be this person." Don't underestimate the strength of a new Martial Emperor. If they want to resurrect the powerhouses they killed ... Unless this world is as powerful as the origin world, no one can do it!"
 Okay.
 While they were talking, they had already entered the Research Institute.
 Eight buildings were scattered throughout the entire Park.
 The eight departments did not interfere with each other.
 Yuming took a look and sighed."Back then, everyone was doing research here. When the disaster came, the Research Institute was closed. In the end, we were all trapped here."
 Li Hao frowned."They knew that they were going to die. Didn't they escape and beg for a way out?"  "I can't get out."
 Yuming explained,"after the Research Institute was sealed off, no one but the director could open it." It's not like the main city, where we can still go out and explore. We couldn't even go out back then. "
 Li Hao nodded and looked at director Wang."We were about to die. Director Wang, why didn't you all go out and take the risk?"
 "Someone has gone out. Didn't the main sect go out? There's bound to be a portion that needs to stay behind. "
 Director Wang smiled."They chose to stay behind ... Then they can't run around. Otherwise, if there's a crisis, it'll be troublesome if there's no strong person to hold the fort."
 Pedantic!
 In any case, Li Hao felt that he would definitely choose to go out at that time. Even if he had a slim chance of survival, he might still have a chance.
 However, director Wang and the others still chose to stay.
 Of course, it could also be said that it was his duty.
 Those who were not neo martial artists might not be able to understand that feeling.
 The eight buildings were all brightly lit.
 But there was no one.
 It was very quiet!
 Li Hao looked at Yuming and said,"you can shout, maybe some old friends are still here." To avoid any misunderstandings! Otherwise ... If there are a few people who want to possess us, we won't show any mercy. "
 Yuming thought about it and found it reasonable. He didn't find anyone else alive before, but he still shouted,""Are there any comrades still alive? I'm hu Xiao from the spiritual reincarnation division! If you do, come out and meet me!"
 Silence.
 It was still so quiet.
  Director Wang also looked around,"there aren't many experts in the Research Institute. They might have all been completely wiped out." Let's take a look at the first storehouse and take away the things we need ... This place ... We'll slowly explore it later!"
 The group nodded, and under Yuming's lead, they walked towards a few small houses.
 Soon, a small building appeared.
 A huge door blocked their way.
 "Governor Li can open it himself!"
 Li Hao had the authority.
 Li Hao didn't waste any time. He took out the starry sky sword and showed it to the screen at the door. The door opened automatically. It was a high-tech weapon.
 When he entered the storeroom, it was not the usual messy storeroom.
 Instead, it was divided into different categories and was very clear. There were various small storage spaces, and on it were clearly marked the locations of various items.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao's eyes swept across the room. Soon, he stopped in front of a small room.

 "Sky screen projector, 13260 Yuan remaining in stock."
 Yuming was overjoyed."This is it. I didn't expect there to be more than ten thousand left. I thought there would only be a few thousand left ..."
 Li Hao also smiled."More than 10000 pieces ... There are more than 3000 cities in the entire star dynasty. On average, each city can store a few pieces. Not bad. I don't have to put in much effort in production ..."
 Yuming shook his head."These things are easy to destroy. The more, the better. Also, there are only three in a city. That's too little! It would be best if every small town and even every village had a piece of land. Only then would it be considered a basic coverage! If you want to achieve full coverage, you need to have one in every household and use it as a TV. That's what you call full coverage!"
 Li Hao was speechless. Forget it.
 That would take billions of dollars.
 If a family of three used one piece, it would cost 3 billion. The dynasty might not be able to support this alone.
 Of course, this could be considered a future goal.
 At the current stage ... It would be good enough if they could have it in every city.
  He then looked at the other small rooms, and even he himself was a little tempted.
 "Vitality pill, bone-honing pill, bone-strengthening pill, internal forging pill ... Formulas. 127 copies of the formulas are left."
 Li Hao was speechless. So many pills?
 Did the ancient people like to take pills so much?
 At that moment, Yuming found a small screen from a corner and smiled.""It's actually still working. This is for the storage records. Whatever you're looking for is recorded here ..."
 Li Hao looked at it curiously, but he actually didn't understand many things. Even if he knew their names, he didn't know what they were used for.
 Yuan Shuo also looked over and suddenly said,""This is good stuff!"
 He stretched out his hand and pointed,"Level 1 energy train manufacturing blueprint!" I've read about this thing in an ancient book. It can travel at a speed of 1000 li per hour. It's an incredible thing. If it can be used in the Silver Moon land, it can travel 22 hours from white moon City to stellarsky city, which is 22000 li!"
 "This thing can carry 30 carriages, and it's not difficult for each carriage to carry 50 people. It can carry about 2000 people in one trip, and it will take one day to reach stellarsky city from the North!"
 "So fast?" Li Hao's eyes moved slightly.
 Yuming didn't pay much attention to it before, but seeing that Li Hao was concerned, he nodded and said," 1000 miles per hour, 500 kilometers per hour, based on the speed of the energy, it's not that fast. To ordinary people, this speed was already very fast. To experts, this speed...Was actually not of much use. For example, if a battle broke out, and they took 22 hours to arrive, then all the battles would be over! Of course, this is useful for ordinary people. The blueprint is here ... Let me think, it should have been left behind in the past in order to lay such a track in Silver Moon, but it was unsuccessful. "  Director Wang nodded."I know about this. Later on, many people suggested that we build a teleportation portal directly. That's why we temporarily gave up on this research."
 p Li Hao had an idea,"good stuff!" Now that we have so many superpowers, we can build a track that runs through the continent and the four Seas. If we can build such a transportation tool, it will only take a day for us to reach the central continent! This way, the entire star dynasty will be able to complete the exchange of personnel ..."  It had only been a day. The speed was too fast.
 Even if Li Hao flew, he wouldn't be much faster if he didn't accelerate. Before that, it would take at least a week to arrive.
 If you walk ... Then you'll just walk to your death.
 A year's walk for more than 20000 miles wasn't considered much. It was considered iron legs, and ordinary people wouldn't even be able to walk for a year.
 Li Hao was in a good mood."Find the blueprint. Let's see if we can make it with our current technology. Even if we can 't, we can replace some machines or technology with superpowers. There should be hope."
 The benefits of superpowers could be seen at this moment.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com For example, if some metals were not hard enough, the metal element would come out and strengthen them. As long as you wanted the strength, the other party was strong enough and could make it for you.
  If the skills were lacking, the superpowers would make up for it.
 The neo martial era did not have as many superpowers as today. In the neo martial era, the body, spirit, and vitality were the mainstream. There were no messy superpowers.
 Yuan Shuo nodded as well. He then set his eyes on a few other things, and a smile appeared on his face."This place is a treasure trove! He should have come earlier! If we empty this place, many technical problems can be solved ..."
 With the support of these things, he believed that Li Hao's ideas would soon become reality.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo was also overjoyed.
 "It's a pity that neo martial didn't invest too much in Silver Moon back then. A lot of things only exist on the surface. In fact, they probably haven't been put into use yet."
 Director Wang shook his head."It's not that we didn't do it. It's just that it was a short period of time back then. We've only been in Silver Moon for a few years. "This is the first reason. The second reason is that this place was considered the fief of venerable sword at that time. Venerable sword's idea was to do nothing and rule. In any case, they all moved here from the origin world, and those who could come here weren't weak. Even the ordinary people had strength, so there was no need to do some things."
 Li Hao looked around and said with a smile,"it's a waste to leave the things in the warehouse here. Move them back!" It's all good stuff!"
 Yuming didn't say anything when she saw him acting like a bandit.

 Move out then!
 "Then let's move it back. Now ... Do you want to go to the spiritual power reincarnation Department to take a look?"
 "There's some special equipment over there that can reincarnate spirit energy,"Yuming said.
 Li Hao thought for a while and nodded. Since he was already here, it wouldn't be a bad idea to take a look.
 They didn't stay in the warehouse for long. They quickly left the warehouse and walked toward a building.
 The door of the building was also tightly shut.
 It was Li Hao again. He used the starry sky sword to open the door, and Yuming quickly entered. With a nostalgic look, he said,"This is the psyche reincarnation Department. There used to be 34 members in the Department, but now ... It's probably all gone."
 "Among the departments, the most important is the reincarnation Department at the top, which is in charge of the reincarnation of spiritual power...I'll bring you there to take a look."
 The few of them weren't familiar with this place, but they were all very interested, especially director Wang. At this moment, the group of them took the elevator and followed him up.
 ……
  Top floor.
 The elevator doors opened.
 The moment the elevator door opened, Yu Ming's expression changed. Li Hao frowned as well. Director Wang's expression changed as well, and he reached out to grab Yu Ming.
 "It has nothing to do with me!" Yuming said hurriedly.
 However, director Wang didn't listen to him and captured him instantly!
 There was no other reason!
 At this moment, a figure sat up on a machine in the empty Hall. His aura was thick and powerful.
 Like a god, his eyes glowed with a golden light.
 He looked at the few people in front of him and said in a dignified and cold voice,""Isn't it bad to rashly enter someone else's territory?"
 Yuming's face changed. He didn't fight back, he just looked at the man and said,""Who ... Who are you? Damn you, you took over that God's body and used the mind reincarnation technique to take over his body. You are not a member of my mind reincarnation Department!"
 Li Hao also frowned.
 Seizing the body of a deity?
 In that case, this God was the corpse of the God who had been killed. However, had it been possessed by someone using mind power reincarnation?
 The earth-Yellow Warrior with golden eyes glanced at Yuming and kept silent for a while."You ... Who are you?"
 Yuming could still hold it in before, but now he couldn't hold it in anymore. He shouted, "I'm hu Xiao! Who are you? Who gave you permission to come to my spiritual reincarnation Department? How did you get in? When I left this place five years ago, this place was already sealed off. How did you get in?"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. Divine runes circulated in his body, and super locks appeared.
 Yuming had said that there was no one else here.
  In the end, a God suddenly appeared.  Li Hao sensed something unique in front of this person. It seemed to contain extremely powerful Earth Force. The divine character "earth" in his body trembled. Not only that, but his own Earth Force and the mountain were also trembling.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The God of the earth?
 This made Li Hao frown. Was this how gods were?
 His earth God art was greatly affected just by being in front of him.
 However, there was one good thing. The 'Dao' character in his body was glowing and dispelling these effects. Gradually, the earth God art was restored.
 The divine text of the word 'Dao' was a gift from heaven and earth.
 It was a reward for Li Hao's achievement in integrating the great Dao.
 It was not under the control of these gods.
 God ... The Western God Kingdom.
 Li Hao's expression was grave. It wasn't just the problem of one God, but countless gods had been revived in the West. If all of them had the ability to control divine powers ... Then divine power users would be greatly suppressed for Li Hao and the others!
 If it was just a single sacred art, it would be even more troublesome if it met the corresponding God.
 Of course, the 36 Dao meridians would not be affected.
 Because they were all attribute-less!
 This was a blessing in misfortune.
 At this moment, the yellow-skinned elite didn't say anything. He walked down from the machine and looked at Yuming. After a while, he said,"Hu Xiao? Did you possess someone from the outside world? I only took over a useless corpse, and it's useless to leave it there ... And you're blaming me?"
 Yuming was a little annoyed,"I didn't possess him!" It was all an accident! I'm in charge of the spiritual reincarnation Department...And the deity's corpse is in charge of the deity's Department. Who are you, daring to rashly steal the Research Institute's property?"
  Director Wang didn't say a word. He just observed and tried to find out the strength of the other party.
 The body of a God ... Back then, it was an existence at the level of a Saint.
 The other party was not a cultivator of the great Dao of origins, but a special orthodoxy of the Silvermoon world. Now that the Silvermoon world was isolated, the other party might have the strength of his peak, which would make him a true Saint!
 To an undying without an origin like him...It could be said that he was almost completely suppressed.
 Director Wang was also regretting. If he knew, he would have called him senior uncle.
 The main thing was that this Research Institute didn't have any top experts back then. Even the director here was only at the peak of the undying realm. Without the core, he was just a scholar. Even here, director Wang didn't fear him.
 But now ... There was a guy who had seized the body of a God.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had been observing him.
 The earth energy was extremely dense.
 There was no golden light on his body, which was somewhat different from the Masters of the new martial era. It seemed that it was not the Golden body cultivation method of the new martial era.

 After taking over a God's body, he could then use the mind reincarnation technique to merge his mind power with his body ... This was a good method, and he would not suffer any loss in power.
 However, it was said that the spiritual power reincarnation technique would weaken the spiritual power, and the opponent might not be able to control the powerful earth-type power.
 At this moment, an earth-colored armor appeared on the other's body. He looked at the others, then at Yuming, and said calmly,""Alright, Minister Hu, this is an urgent matter. It's against the rules of the Institute to occupy a God's body, but so many years have passed, and you've disappeared. I can only choose this ..."
 "I'm Qi Yun!"He slowly said.
 Yuming paused and looked at the man,"Director Qi? You're still alive?"
 "You're still alive. Is it surprising that I'm still alive?"
 "The only Deputy Director of our research Institute who stayed behind, Qi Yun!" Yu Ming said to Li Hao and the others.
 Director Wang's brows rose. He wasn't familiar with this person.
 They did not belong to the same system, so he could not possibly recognize them all.
 Li Hao also watched for a while and said,""Director Qi ... I've heard so much about you! This is Wang Ye, the security Director of heaven battling city, acting city Lord! I'm the Li family's descendant, the master of the starry sky sword, and also the division commander of the 11th Division of heaven battling city's reserve forces. "
  "In order to prevent unnecessary conflicts, I would like to ask director Qi to accept military control in accordance with wartime regulations!" Li Hao said.
 "Director Qi, please withdraw your spiritual power from your Divine Spirit form and give up on controlling your body!" Li Hao paused.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Qi Yun raised his brows,"isn't that a little inappropriate?" The Research Institute is a very important place. You can't give up your resistance at will and let the enemy invade you so easily ..."
 Li Hao smiled, and the starry sky sword floated outside.""Do you know the starry sky sword, director Qi? Was this not enough to prove his identity? "Or does director Qi think that neo martial arts has been in the past for a long time and these rules are useless?"
 It was beyond everyone's expectations that they would suddenly encounter an expert who had taken over the body of a God.
 However, the other party was an expert of the new martial era. Unless it was absolutely necessary, no one wanted to have too big of a conflict.
 Director Wang also shouted,"director Qi, during the war, everything will be under the military's control!" "All powerhouses have military ranks. Your military rank should only be a Colonel. Right now, the eleventh Division commander has a general position. You just have to listen to my orders!"
 "Director Qi," Yu Ming said,"it's been so many years since you took over the godly Spirit's body, so it's understandable ... But now ... Director Qi, you should give up on controlling the godly Spirit's body for the time being. The mind power reincarnation technique isn't perfect. If you infuse your mind power into the godly Spirit's body rashly, it'll cause great harm."
 The other party was silent for a while.
 He didn't know what he was thinking.
 After a while, Wang Shu's great Wall main seal appeared. The words at the bottom were shining. He sighed,""I don't mean to disobey military orders, but you've just arrived and your identities are unknown ..."
 With that, a wave of mental energy spread out and quickly turned into a figure, but it was a little illusionary.
 The body of a God had also lost some of its luster.
 Qi Yun's illusionary body trembled slightly.""I have given up on controlling the body of a God. How do you want to deal with me?"
 Director Wang was in a difficult position, but Li Hao wasn 't.
 Director Wang quickly locked onto his mental power while Li Hao approached the God's body.
 He reached out to touch it. At first, director Qi didn't pay much attention to it, but in the next moment, he was slightly startled and turned around to look.
 At this moment, divine text appeared on Li Hao's body. It was the word 'Dao'.
 At this moment, he was also shocked after examining it.
 The body of a God ... Was incredibly powerful. Second, there were no superpower locks on it, only a single Dao Meridian that ran through its entire body.
 Earth-elemental Dao Meridian!
 He didn't say anything. The divine text of the word "Dao" instantly merged into his Dao Meridian. Li Hao continued to emit light, and a special force emerged. In the blink of an eye, the connection between the thick Dao Meridian and the bright star World was cut off by Li Hao under director Qi's somewhat shocked gaze.
 Li Hao sealed the entrance to the bright star sector with the divine text "Dao."
 The aura of the God's body instantly weakened.  Li Hao finally heaved a sigh of relief. He looked at the man with a smile.
 No matter what he was thinking just now ... He couldn't think of anything now.
 Meeting the other party was an accident.
 But it was also luck.
 The body of a God!
 Moreover, the other party was the Deputy Director of the Research Institute. Li Hao had many doubts, and the other party might be able to help him resolve them.
 As for Yuming, his memory wasn't very clear. He was only in charge of the spiritual power reincarnation Department, so he might not know as much as the Deputy Director, who was in charge of the entire Research Institute for the time being.
 Director Qi was also surprised.""How did you do that? The power within a God's body is endless, and there is no way to seal it. It has been absorbing energy from who knows where ... How did you seal it?"
 Li Hao smiled,"director Qi, you'll find out in the future!" Are there any other living people here besides director Qi?"
 "There's nothing else,"
 Director Qi shook his head,"there were very few researchers at the undying level back then. Those who weren't undying ... After so many years, they'd all rotted away." It's already a surprise that Hu Xiao is still alive. His spirit power should be slightly stronger than the others. I only had a chance to survive because I reached the immortal realm back then. However, my consciousness has only recovered in recent years. "
 "I found that the body of the God was still there even though the people were dead, and it did not show any signs of weakness. Or rather, in recent years, this body showed signs of resurrection, so I chose to occupy this remains."
 "Resurrection?"
 Li Hao's heart moved, when did it start?
 "It was a few years ago."
 Director Qi replied,"I'm not sure about the exact time. When I came back to life, this corpse was already showing signs of resurrection. In order to suppress the other party's resurrection, I chose to reincarnate with my spirit energy and invade the body, just in case."
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. If that was the case, the gods of the Western countries might really be in the process of resurrection.
 This was not good news!
 Also, the second recovery had not begun, and the powerhouses of other ancient civilizations could not appear, but what about the gods?
 Maybe ... He could!
 This was because they were a part of heaven and earth. It was difficult for others to appear, but perhaps they could.
 Li Hao had a headache. Troublesome!
 However, he was lucky.
  At this moment, he had actually obtained the body of a God spirit in this place. He could study it carefully. This thing might be of great help to the development of his Dao meridians.
 "Let's go back to the Heavenly Star Town first!"
 Li Hao didn't say much. Director Qi pondered and said,""We can't get out ..."
 "I can bring it out. Don't worry, that's how director Wang got here."
 Director Qi looked at him and nodded,"Alright," he said.
 Li Hao didn't think too much about it. He would leave this person to Zhang an. As for the good and the bad ... He couldn't be bothered to distinguish them. Perhaps the other party was just trying to stop them, or perhaps they wanted to catch them off guard ...
 That didn't matter. He had sealed off the power of the bright star sector, so the power of this divine body was under control.
 Even if this person had any intentions, it wouldn't be of much use.
 Moreover, Li Hao was also very surprised that a deity only had one Dao Meridian. It was big news that a single Dao Meridian could have the combat power of a Saint!
 This God's body might be the biggest harvest this time.

 In the Research Institute.
 Director Qi chose to compromise, and Li Hao and the others didn't say anything. Li Hao used divine runes to seal the body of a God and left the Institute with the body of a God and director Qi's spiritual power illusion.
 As for the things here, he could come back later to get them.
 In any case, the current stellarsky city was Li Hao's territory.
 The two members of the Yun family were still outside.
 Li Hao didn't say anything.
 They thought that Li Hao was unhappy because of Yuming, and that Yuming had lied to him.
 Yuming wanted to say something, but Li Hao didn't care.
 He was not angry about this.
 In fact, he didn't even have any thoughts of getting angry.
  At that moment, he thought of something.
 The body required for the reincarnation of spiritual power.
 How did Hongtu's body come about?
 Or was he going to be resurrected as a baby?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com What if he was like director Qi and the others, who needed to reincarnate?
 What about those whose spiritual energy could be stable and compatible?
 What about those whose strength didn't decrease much?
 Director Wang also wanted to obtain a new era body ... What should he do?
 Fabricated?
 Could he create an extremely powerful human body?
 The human body was so complicated. How could one create so many super locks?
 Li Hao's thoughts made him feel that the structure of the human body was extremely difficult, especially for the humans of this era, who were born with countless Dao meridians and were even more difficult to copy. If a human body could be created ... It would be a world creation!
 Or even Dao creation!
 However ... It was difficult to copy thousands of great DAOs, but what about one great Dao?
 What if he only gathered a single divine rune?
 For example, the body of a God!
 Could a great Dao be cultivated to the extreme?
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 There were countless Dao meridians in the human body, so he had considered cultivating all the Dao meridians. Of course, he had only picked 36, but it was difficult to cultivate all of them.
 Could one be repaired?
 To what stage and realm could he cultivate to?  The bloodline ... Was too weak!
 "Then how can gods be so powerful?"
 The body of a Sage!
 Too many thoughts appeared in Li Hao's mind.
 Could it be that ... The great Dao can not be cultivated just like what I said?
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo saw his apprentice's frown, as if he was thinking about something. He could guess that Li Hao wasn't angry because of Yuming or director Qi. His apprentice was sometimes narrow-minded, but sometimes he wasn 't.
 Seeing that even director Wang was embarrassed to speak, Yuan Shuo could only say,""What's going on?"
 Li Hao was startled awake.
 He glanced at his master and suddenly said,""Teacher, isn't it just the power of one Dao when a Dao Meridian is cultivated to the extreme? Wasn't it just the power of one Meridian? No matter how powerful he is...Shouldn't he not be able to surpass the peak?"
 Yuan Shuo was stunned. He looked at Li Hao, but he didn't check the body of a God. After some thought, he said,""Not necessarily! There are strong and weak Dao meridians. For example, are newly discovered Dao meridians of the same strength as Dao meridians that have been cultivated to a saturated state?"
 He looked at Li Hao."Therefore, the Dao Meridian will definitely become stronger in the end. It will continue to become stronger until it's too strong for the body to bear!"
 Li Hao was slightly dazed.
 Yuan Shuo continued,"also, the Dao Meridian can roam the bright star World, devour the void of the universe, and devour the power of great DAOs. It can definitely continue to grow stronger. It can even devour other Dao meridians! You don't know the breathing method of five birds? Won't You Be able to combine the five meridians into one in the end?"
 Li Hao was stunned again.
 Yuan Shuo chuckled and said,"you're trying to ask if a single Dao Meridian can be cultivated to the extreme, to the point where it can rival Saints and Heavenly Kings, right?" I don't know, but ... That doesn't mean it's impossible! However, it's too difficult to cultivate a single Dao Meridian to this level!"
 "The development of a Dao Meridian is a problem," Yuan Shuo said emotionally. "It can easily lead to the collapse of the physical body. That's the first reason. Second, when one's Dao Meridian was developed to the extreme? If that's the case, then there's a problem ..."
 Li Hao suddenly shook his head."No, no, no. Teacher, you said that a Dao Meridian can devour other Dao meridians?"
 "Of course!"
 "Fusion?" Yuan Shuo was stunned."Is there a problem?"
 Li Hao was stunned. No problem.
  He knew he could!
 So ... The cultivation of the divine power system might be different. There might be a problem.
 Li Hao mumbled,"teacher, everyone has their own force and techniques. Not everyone can use any technique like me. If we follow our deduction, we'll all have everything!"
 "But ... Everyone has their own strengths. Some are good at sword techniques, some are good at fist techniques. If we really cultivate like this, everyone will know everything, but they will not have their own unique characteristics!"
 "Oh?" Yuan Shuo was stunned for a moment before he nodded."It's true that we won't have our own unique characteristics, but everyone will be stronger this way."
 "No, no, no... Cultivation, how can you cultivate without your own characteristics?"
 Li Hao's eyes flickered as he said, teacher, one Dao combines ten thousand Dao! "If you walk the Dao that you're good at, you can develop all of your Dao meridians and eventually choose a suitable Dao Meridian as your main Dao Meridian. Then, you can devour the other Dao meridians and become one with all the DAOs!"
 "Yes, that's it!"
 Li Hao suddenly looked at the body of a God."He doesn't necessarily have only one Dao Meridian. The other Dao meridians have been devoured and strengthened. That's why it looks like he only has one Meridian and is good at earth-type divine powers. But that doesn't mean that he really only has one Meridian!" Using the power of another Meridian to strengthen the power of the one he's good at ... This is also a divine ability!"
 Li Hao mumbled to himself and was suddenly overjoyed."Yes, that's it! Magical powers ... Shouldn't be cultivated like what I said ... Or rather, not everyone can cultivate like that. That's exclusive to top geniuses and top powerhouses! "Otherwise, if everyone cultivates countless Shi and countless divine abilities, it's impossible for them to continue on indefinitely. Only by fusing one branch into ten thousand branches and walking the path they are most skilled in can they reach the peak!"

 "In the end, it can even devour Dao meridians without attributes. Dao meridians with attributes can be devoured and integrated into one Dao Meridian to form the Dao integration!"
 "Yes, the Dao integration!" Li Hao mumbled.
 He looked at his teacher, his eyes bright."Teacher, the sun and moon can go according to what we've said. Can we proceed to the Dao integration stage next?"
 Yuan Shuo was stunned. Dao integration?
 "Teacher, it's the harmonious and harmonious meridians of the five birds breathing technique! They can be considered as fusion God and unity God ... Only in this way can everyone continue down this path. Otherwise, it would be very difficult to continue down this path!"
 "What do you think, teacher?" Li Hao was ecstatic.
 Yuan Shuo pondered for a moment before nodding his head."Yes ... We can do it this way. It's not just divine powers. In fact, we can also do it in the Dao integration realm in the Dao of physical body. However ... This way, everyone will lose their other divine powers ..."
 Li Hao smiled and said,"no, teacher, they don't care!" Even someone as strong as teacher is only skilled in the sacred arts of the five elements. Could it be that teacher can cultivate light and darkness, wind and thunder, life, ice and snow ... And countless other mutant Sacred Arts?"
 "A person's energy is limited, after all. His life is also limited. If you want to walk, you must walk what you are best at!"
  The more Li Hao spoke, the more excited he became."It's just that ... Dao integration ... It's not a big problem to integrate a Dao without an element. But will there be a conflict when it comes to the Dao with an element?" The breathing technique of five birds could make the five elements not conflict ... So it definitely can. But at this stage, it's hard to make the other elements not conflict ..."
 At this moment, director Wang was dumbfounded.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao didn't care about the remains at all, but he was actually thinking about this.
 But Li Hao suddenly asked, teacher, can the created body penetrate the bright star sector? Only a physical body that passed through the bright star sector was a real physical body. Otherwise ... It would just be a puppet body? How can one create a Dao Meridian out of thin air and run through the bright star sector?"
 Yuan Shuo had a splitting headache. He felt that his student was thinking too deeply.
 Create life!
 This ... This was really not something he could understand.
 Director Qi, who had been silent all this while, suddenly said,"Bright star sector? Is it another Dao universe space?"
 "Yes!" Li Hao's eyes lit up and he nodded.
 "The body of a God is constantly drawing power from a single place. Is that the bright star sector you mentioned?" director Qi continued.
 "Yes!"
 Director Qi understood,"so, you want to create a real body to go through the bright star realm and cultivate with it?"
 "Right!"  Director Qi heaved a sigh of relief and said,"I might be able to answer this question. Of course, I don't know if it's right or wrong, but I can try ..."
 "What?"
 Director Qi explained,"actually, it's the same principle as origin creation!" It's the same principle as the Yin Yang resurrection of the origin world. The origin universe is the most important thing in the origin world. In the origin universe, one can create an origin to receive the origin of the dead and then resurrect them by occupying the vast stars of the origin universe. In this way, the dead can be resurrected, provided that the other party's origin is still there!"
 "Resurrection from the dead can't be done out of thin air. It requires the essence that can still be collected!"
 He explained to Li Hao,"you're thinking of creating a physical body ... It's not exactly difficult, but it's not exactly easy either." Can you enter the bright star sector?"
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly!
 Director Qi was also amazed,"you can actually enter ... That's even simpler!" It's just like the great emperor back then who could roam the universe of origin. If you can roam the bright star realm, it'll be simple ... First, you have to find an entrance and exit ... In that place, you have to forge a vessel equivalent to the star of origin, and then use your so-called Dao Meridian to connect it ..."
 "The physical body is actually very simple. Flesh, blood, life force, bone armor, and other things can all be easily created. The main thing is still the mind power. Who doesn't have some mind power when they reincarnate with mind power?"
 "At this time, it's the problem of the Dao Meridian!"
 After saying that, he added,'the Dao Meridian you're talking about ... Should be something similar to the great Dao of origins, something that bears the power of a great Dao! Am I right?"
 Li Hao nodded.
 Director Qi continued,"that's even simpler. It's very, very difficult to have more than one Dao Meridian ... But if you want to create one Dao Meridian, it's actually very simple. You just have to replace it with the great Dao of origin ... Actually, it's just transferring the great Dao of origin to the bright star World. It can actually be transferred!"
  "If the great Dao of origins can withstand the input of power of origins, it can also withstand the input of power from the bright star field ... This way, the transformation of the Dao Meridian can be considered complete!"
 Li Hao opened his mouth wide!
 He looked at the illusionary man with a look of horror on his face."You mean ... No, you mean that the great Dao of origin and the bright star Dao Meridian can be used together?"
 "I don't know the details."
 Director Qi shook his head."But according to what you said, it should be possible. They are all things that bear the power of the great Dao. Why not?" It's not just the great Dao of origins. I feel that many other things can be used as well. For example, powerful treasures, weapons, and many other things ... They can all be used as vessels!"
 "A vessel?"
 Li Hao was stunned."A vessel? a vessel that bears the power of a great Dao?"
 "Right!"
 Director Qi nodded again."As long as your weapon is strong enough, but you're worried that opening the bright star World and the Dao Meridian will destroy your physical body. Why don't you use a vessel instead to reduce the pressure?"

 Li Hao was completely stunned.
 Weapon bearing ... This was something that someone had mentioned before.
 That was exactly what Lin Hongyu and the others had done. However, they had not opened their Dao meridians before, so Li Hao did not think of it.
 At this moment, when the other party mentioned it, he instantly thought of this.
 Director Qi continued,"you just said that Dao integration ... In that case, the body might not be able to withstand it. At that time, if you have a powerful weapon and cultivate it as a weapon of life, not only will you be able to withstand the pressure, but you will also be able to strengthen the weapon. You might even be able to make the weapon extremely powerful and have the ability to directly cut off the Dao!"
 Director Qi also laughed,"actually, you should be very clear about this. Your starry sky sword had once served as a vessel for a period of time, bearing your power, your DAOs returning to one ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly picked up the God's body and said eagerly,""Senior, let's talk inside. It was all a misunderstanding!"
 “……”
 Director Wang and Yuming cursed in their hearts!
 艹!
  This bastard.
 Director Wang wanted to curse. If this person entered his physical body ... It would be hard to suppress him.
 Of course, this was the outside world.
 Even if the other party had the body of a God and might be more easily accepted by heaven and earth, at the current stage, he might not be able to exert all his strength, so he did not say anything.
 "There's no rush," director Qi said nonchalantly."I'm actually not familiar with this body. You guys interrupted me before I could even complete the fusion."
 He was not in a hurry to return. Instead, he continued to ask with interest,""Can you tell me more about the Dao Meridian?"
 "Cough cough!"
 Yuan Shuo coughed.
 I can't talk nonsense!
 Li Hao thought for a moment, but he didn't pay much attention to it. He quickly explained it to him. He didn't completely trust this person, but he felt that ... Since the Dao Meridian was mentioned, this person might be able to figure it out very soon with his understanding.
 While the other party still didn't understand him, perhaps he could communicate with him and get some results he wanted.
 After Li Hao finished, director Qi also sighed,""I see!"
 He thought for a moment and said,'we've studied the body of a God for many years ... In that case, the gods here might have had the Dao Meridian and the bright star World a long time ago, but they didn't know how it happened and didn't really discover the bright star World! I only know that this is a power bestowed by the heavens ... No, this is the power of the new Dao. Unfortunately, we killed gods in the past, but we didn't manage to figure it out. "
 Li Hao shook his head."At that time, I'm afraid it wasn't obvious. Moreover, I wasn't as proficient in using force as I am now. So, I almost didn't notice it!" This thing requires an in-depth study of Shi in order to discover the existence of the bright star sector ... So, as long as you don't study Shi in depth, even if you do discover it, you won't be able to enter or probe it, only able to observe it on a superficial level. "  "That makes sense!"
 Director Qi nodded."So, you guys must have developed your Shi to a peak, causing the bright star World to become even more active. Shi is the core of the Dao Meridian, which means that with more Shi, the bright star World will come back to life. It might have been dead before!"
 Li Hao's eyes lit up.
 Li Hao didn't continue this topic. Instead, he quickly said,""Is it possible to use a weapon as a vessel?"
 "It'll work!"
 Director Qi nodded."As long as you have a good foundation, you can cultivate, grind, and temper a weapon with your life. Even if it's not strong at the beginning, it will be strong in the future!"
 "If I complete the 36 meridians and choose to attempt the daomerge, a weapon that I've forged with my life will definitely be the best vessel! In the later stages, I can continue to strengthen my physical body, and I don't need to rely on a weapon ..."
 Li Hao nodded frantically!
 Weapons!
 This old man was amazing.
 The people in the research institution ... Were really smart.
 "Also, from what you've said, someone in the neo martial era wants to switch to modern martial arts, right?" director Qi continued.
 "Right!"
  "You don't want them to possess you and want to create a physical body for them ... But there are too many physical body Dao meridians, which is very troublesome, right?"
 "Yes,"
 Director Qi laughed."In that case, let's not create countless Dao meridians. Just create 36 or 360 Dao meridians. It'll be enough for them to cultivate for a lifetime. They'll use weapons as the main meridians or the Dao of origin as the main Meridian for their cultivation! Connecting the deathly silent origin Dao to the bright star sector was, of course, quite difficult. However, this way, they could save a lot of time, and one could also obtain powerful assistance. As for their limited potential ... If they really reached the level of 360 Dao principles, could they not make up for it themselves? If there's no road, can't you build your own?"
 Li Hao's eyes lit up!
 Yes, at that point, he would have already broken through the bright star sector, and he could completely repair the flaws. What did he need to worry about?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was just that ... There was still some difficulty.
 Li Hao frowned again."Then how do we create a stable opening in the bright star sector? as a fixed object, how do we guide their great Dao of origin to take root in it?"
 Director Qi thought for a moment and said,"the human body now is naturally connected to it. However, the natural body of Dao can't exist forever. In the future, everyone may have to find a way to connect to the bright star realm. Momentum is the key ..."
 "You said you created divine text," he said."Can I take a look?"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He simply took out a piece of divine text.

