fileno%d
i Hao had activated the sky screen.
 A God!
 At this moment, countless people prostrated themselves in fear. They already knew that this was the person they had been afraid of. They vaguely understood that this was the legendary God.
 The prayers and chants seemed to appear in everyone's minds.
 Countless people were terrified!
 He also felt uneasy about Governor Li's boldness. He was actually ... Fighting against a God!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was all smiles."Who are you trying to scare? I've touched your entire body before, and you only gained a few more taels of flesh. Yueshen, as the most powerful God in the world, is this all you can do?"
 "Li Hao!"
 "You ..." The Queen was furious."You are blaspheming the gods!"
 Li Hao smiled playfully."That's right. I'm blaspheming God." Oh right, can the fire god that I killed with a single strike be resurrected? "Let him come out and let me take a look. Oh right, that God of misfortune or whatever was also killed by us. Can he be resurrected? Gods ... Are all like this?"
  The Queen's aura rose again, and a scepter appeared in his hand. Li Hao said in surprise,""Eh, didn't I cut this thing off? It can actually recover. That's great. Why don't you give it to me and let me scratch it?"
 "You're courting death. Don't think that you can do anything just because you've recovered ..."
 "You're anxious, you're anxious!"Li Hao laughed.
 He turned to look at everyone and laughed."Everyone, the moon goddess is anxious! Their Prophet is seriously injured and dying, and their goddess of life is healing their Prophet ..."
 "Don't be afraid. You are the moon goddess, an invincible God. I'm just here to see you and take back my things. Give me back the earth God's body that I got before ... And give me some other treasures, and I'll leave. I'll spare your life!"
 "Bastard!"
 Yueshen was furious!
 At this moment, countless people in the land of Heavenly Star were also trembling.
 Li Hao ... How dare he.
 However, he was also a little confused. Had they fought before?
 Perhaps!
 There had been movements yesterday, but they didn't know the details. They only knew today that two deities had died, and even this Moon Goddess...Actually, many people knew about the moon goddesses, even more people in the Western continent.
 He was the God who created the world in the legends.
 Is this the person?
 And Li Hao ... Was blaspheming her!
 He ... Had touched her entire body. Some of them were so furious that they wanted to kill Li Hao, but their anger quickly turned into helplessness and sorrow. At this moment, they were wavering.
 Was Li Hao ... Really that powerful?
 He could even blaspheme a God!
 At this moment, Li Hao's voice resounded in the sky again.""Warriors, the moon goddess is not willing to hand over my spoils of war ... Then ... Let's blow her up!"  In an instant, countless cannonballs were fired.
 The screen was aimed at the divine Kingdom's big city.
 In an instant, BOOM!
 Countless cannonballs rained down, and deities took action one after another. Under the shocked gazes of countless people, the city-destroying cannonballs that were enough to destroy a city were directly blown up by a single punch. However, there were too many of them!
 In an instant, thousands of cannonballs fell!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The heavens fell and the earth cracked!
 At this moment, the entire world fell silent and was at a loss. They saw a God being blasted away, his head broken and bleeding.
 He also saw that the divine Kingdom City was constantly shaking and teetering in the air!
 He also saw that the moon goddess was extremely angry, but she did not take the initiative to attack Li Hao and the others. Instead, she destroyed the cannonballs again and again.
 Li Hao's voice was heard again.""If you don't listen, you'll be beaten! Yueshen, hand over what's mine, or else ... If seven or eight gods don't die today, the war will probably continue until the divine Kingdom is destroyed!"
 "Arrogant and ignorant!"
 The Queen couldn't bear it any longer. Li Hao didn't make a move, and Zhang an didn't say anything either. The Dao characters were still in his body, and an illusionary saber slashed down!
 The sky cracked open, and the moon shattered.
 At this moment, a huge sun appeared in the temple. Another god had been revived. Suddenly, the sky shattered and the heavens and earth split apart. The cutting power continued, and a muffled groan could be heard.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com A godly spirit that was like the sun appeared between the heavens and the earth. However, it was instantly sliced into a sorry state. It gritted its teeth and punched out!
 BOOM!
 The large saber and the fist shadow shattered at the same time.
  "The sun god?" Zhang an asked coldly. Forced resurrection ... It seemed that he had to go with the Prophet? The heavens and earth restrict the appearance of Saints, and they only want to hand over the bodies of the dead gods to prevent the people from suffering. Do you have to die and suffer for your face?"
 "How long can you last?" the sun God's voice reverberated through the world.
 "I think ... I can exhaust all of you to death!"
 Zhang an chuckled, and the next moment, the book of Dao appeared."If you don't believe me, you can try. This is only a part of my spiritual power. Even if it's completely destroyed, I won't die. As for you guys ... Forcefully resurrecting one by one, how many can you resurrect? Apart from you and the Prophet God, how many others have the battle power of the Saint path? Every time it is forcefully resuscitated, I'm afraid that it will come at a huge price!"
 The sun god was silent.
 At this moment, the space was being cut even more fiercely.
 Even if it was a local God, at this moment, the recovered combat power was too powerful, and it would be restricted.
 Moreover, the energy in the surrounding air had been drawn away, so their combat strength could not last long.
 Of course, Zhang an was in a similar situation.
 Li Hao's divine text for the word 'Dao' had its limits.

 If this went on, he would be done for once the divine text shattered. There was no origin Energy in the world. To him, once the energy in his body was exhausted, he would not be able to fight anymore.
 Li Hao's laughter remained. Continue bombarding!"
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Hundreds and thousands of cannonballs fell again. The gods in the city tried to stop them, but Li Hao smiled radiantly, as if it was just a casual strike. At this moment, this strike shattered the moon in the sky!
 The Queen took a step back in shock and looked at Li Hao.""You ..."
 Li Hao was even more powerful than before!
 Li Hao chuckled."Yesterday, I only came to say hello to you and ask you to leave, but you had to hurt my master. Today, unless you revive all the gods ... I'll destroy your God nation today!"
 "Savage, do you have the ability to do so?"
 The Queen was completely enraged!
 At this moment, he spat out a mouthful of blood that was the color of faint Starlight. An even more powerful force burst out, and in the blink of an eye, he reached the peak of his strength in the battle with Li Hao!
  Li Hao might not be a match for such strength at the moment.
 But Li Hao wouldn't fight her head-on.
 He had to be imposing!
 A real fight ... Was not the purpose of this trip.
 Seeing that the Queen was completely enraged and had unsealed her Ultimate Combat power, Li Hao laughed.""Since you're so stubborn ... Then I won't be polite!"
 "Where is the heaven-battling Army?" he asked coldly.
 "Here!"
 "Display your strength in the neo martial era ... Self-destruct and blow them up!"
 Everyone was stunned.
 The Queen was stunned.
 The next moment, a few captains suddenly appeared and rushed towards the God Country. They were all wearing silver armor!
 The divine Kingdom's defense had yet to be broken, and the gods were still blocking the cannonballs. Suddenly, a total of five captains instantly rushed to the side of a God, and with a loud bang!
 The five sets of armor exploded!
 The powerful explosive force directly blew the deity into pieces!
 Everyone was shocked!
 The black-robed expert couldn't help but scream,""Didn't you also betray neo martial? your heaven battling city is actually willing to self-destruct to kill the enemy for an outsider ..."
 This was the key to the undefeated neo martial artists!
 Not afraid of death!
 Each and every one of them was like a mad demon. Even ordinary soldiers would choose to self-destruct if they were no match for the enemy.
 However, that was not the case today.
 The leader was not a neo martial artist, but Li Hao.
 At this moment, it had not reached that stage yet.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, laughed and grabbed a few wisps of mental power back. He sighed with emotion. "I'm just joking. However ... I have many loyal Warriors like you! Yueshen, do you want to try? If you want to try, I'll bring you a few undyings, even Saints, and they'll self-destruct to play with you. How about it?"  The Queen's expression changed drastically as she gritted her teeth! Yesterday, these new martial artists had no intention of fighting to the death! Li Hao, you must've used some sort of control technique ..."
 At this moment, Zhang an suddenly said,""You really think I'm dead? Why control it? If you're willing to fight for the Heavenly Star military governor's office, so what if you self-destruct?"
 The Queen's expression changed!
 The expression of the sun god also changed slightly.
 Once a neo martial artist really disregarded everything and was fearless, he would be afraid of even the gods!
 How could he not be afraid?
 Almost all of these gods had been killed by the neo-martial experts back then.
 Once Li Hao really controlled the heaven battling Army, and the powerhouses in heaven battling city were willing to fight for him ... The disappeared neo martial would return again.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The terrifying neo martial!
 Li Hao's voice was calm."Three corpses of deities ... This is only the beginning. If we continue, we'll need more!" In the end, it might take the lives of all your gods!"
 The Queen still wanted to say something, but the sun god suddenly said in a low voice,""If I give it to you, you'll leave?"
 Li Hao smiled, a wise man submits to circumstances! The sun god was indeed a powerful God, and a woman like the moon god couldn't quite wrap her head around it. Right now, a large number of powerful gods had yet to recover. In fact, I don't want to fight to the end with you. Even if we destroy you, we will suffer great losses ... The gains do not make up for the losses! In my opinion, any member of the star military governor's office is more important than you gods!"
 "What a pity ... You all think I'm weak. Yesterday, I wanted to persuade you to retreat, but I didn't expect you to attack me. You're so hateful!"
 Li Hao snorted."Now, three corpses. If you don't give them to me, I'll add one more for every minute!"
 He then looked at Zhang an and said in a low voice,""Senior ... Sage, if you self-destruct ... Will the divine Kingdom be destroyed?"
 At this moment, Zhang an didn't know if he was telling the truth or not. He felt a little helpless.
 But ... Even at this point, he still chuckled and said,""If I were to self-destruct, there might still be a few people here who can survive, but they should all be crippled."
 "Then, senior, please give it a try!"
 “……”
 艹!
 Even the calm Zhang an felt like cursing at this moment.
 Are you serious?
  This ...
 Was this good?
 However, what else could he say?
 Of course, he believed that Li Hao's purpose wasn't to kill him. Since that was the case ... He also thought of what he had said to his students earlier and hardened his heart.
 The next moment, an extremely powerful aura appeared.
 In the void, a great Dao of origins appeared.
 In the blink of an eye, he was flying toward the divine Kingdom.
 His aura was getting stronger and stronger!
 At this moment, the sun god hurriedly sent a message to the Queen,""Give it to him!"
 "He's just trying to scare us!"

 The Queen also transmitted her voice and said angrily,"he wouldn't dare, and he wouldn't do that!" This Zhang an won't really self-destruct either. His grandfather is a neo martial Supreme, so how can he easily seek death?"
 She was certain that Li Hao was just scaring them!
 However, at this moment, Zhang an's aura was getting stronger and stronger.
 It was becoming more and more unstable!
 Not only did the sun god appear, but at this moment, the severely injured Prophet God also appeared. He was extremely old, and his voice was a little weak.""Zhang an, you don't need to threaten us ..."
 Zhang an was also furious.
 What did that mean?
 He had a soft personality, but he was someone who had experienced the neo martial arts war. His enemies back then were the heavenly Emperor and the others. At that time, he was not afraid.
 However, his personality was gentler in comparison.
 Do these gods really think I'm weak and incompetent?
  He thought of something, he thought of the new Dao ...
 The next moment, Zhang an snorted coldly. Suddenly, a strong spiritual power emerged and a book of Dao appeared. In an instant, the book of Dao let out a loud bang!
 The heavens fell and the earth cracked!
 At this moment, the world was really collapsing. Several gods in the surroundings suddenly screamed and turned into ashes!
 The sun god and the Prophet God appeared at the same time. They roared and blocked the power of the book of Dao's self-explosion, but they were still retreating, coughing blood, breaking their bodies, and being cut ...
 The two divine spirits of the saintly way felt like they were about to break down.
 The Queen also roared in rage. Her aura was violent as she tried to stop the energy from the book of Dao from destroying the God Country.
 Li Hao had only said this to scare them.
 At this moment, he was also stunned for a moment.
 This!
 He really self-destructed.
 Not all of them, only the book of Dao. However ... For Zhang an, there was no great Dao of origin in the world. Once the book of Dao was broken, it would be very difficult to recover.
 However, Zhang an's voice was cold,"you're nothing!" 'It seems that as long as I self-destruct my great Dao of origins ... None of these people will survive! Since you don't know what's good for you, I'll send you to heaven!"
 With that, his great Dao of origins trembled violently in the void!
 At this moment, even the Queen, who was unwilling to compromise and did not believe that he would self-destruct, could not help but roar madly,""This King will give it to you! Stop! Li Hao, Zhang an, what's the point of both of us perishing together? Those ancient city's new martial artists are still alive, and those who betrayed new martial arts are still alive ... Do you want to make a wedding dress for others?"
 In the distance, Li Hao smiled."Oh, really? From the looks of it, you think you've got us in the bag after yesterday's battle. Do you think you're all that just because we weren't willing to fight you yesterday? What bullsh * t God! Yesterday, my heart ached for the new martial seniors and I didn't want them to take the risk. In the end, do you think there's a barrier between me and the seniors?"
 "General Huai, Guardian turtle ... Both of your clones, have you self-destructed?"
 "I'll kill one of you," Li Hao said with a smile."You'll compensate me with three godly bodies. Otherwise, today will be the day your divine Kingdom is destroyed!"
 In the void.
 They didn't know whether Li Hao was telling the truth or not, but they were just clones. If they really self-destructed, Li Hao would probably compensate them, right?
  A moment later, a turtle and a tree shot toward the divine Kingdom.  In yesterday's battle, the neo martial artist didn't put in much effort.
 Today, it seemed to be a little different.
 At this moment, the Queen also felt that ... She might have made a mistake.
 "Are you forcing me to release all my power and break the moon in the wall of the world?" she roared. An even more powerful being is sealed there. Li Hao, do you really have to do this?"
 Li Hao was slightly moved.
 As expected!
 "Why would I?" he smiled. Yesterday, I touched the moon goddesses "bodies ... But I couldn't bear to see her self-destruct as well. Now, with the five godly spirit corpses ... If two of the Guardians self-destruct, that'll be ten ..."
 "You bastard!"
 "You!" The Queen was furious."My God's kingdom doesn't have so many bodies of gods ..."
 Li Hao smiled and pointed at the scene."We just killed two. We killed two before, and my earth God's corpse ... Now, I'll count to three. If you don't give it to me, then you can do whatever you want. If you die, I might not die. At most, the second revival will begin, and the experts will fight. My men are preparing to blow up the Heavenly Star Mine!"
 "You ..."
 "One!"
 "Li Hao ..."
 "Three!"
 "I'll pay!"
 The Queen was furious, but she quickly agreed. She gritted her teeth and looked at Li Hao fiercely.
 Li Hao laughed,"good girl!" Woman, go home and have a child! The moon goddess? It was nothing more than this! "I'm too lazy to take advantage of you. I'm going to kill you now ... Senior Zhang an, guards, come back!" As a Silvermoon being, I didn't want to kill you all, so I let others take advantage of you. Otherwise ... What are the five gods to me?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao laughed wildly!
 The Queen's face was cold.
  Li Hao said again,"hurry up. Otherwise, I'm worried that the sun god and the Prophet God won't be able to withstand the space cutting. They'll be cut to death soon. Why don't you revive a few more Saints?"
 “……”
 The Queen's face was ashen. At this moment, she was really about to explode.
 How did this happen?
 Yesterday, these new martial artists clearly did not have the will to fight.
 Why was it ... So different today?
 Why?
 She could not understand!
 He really couldn't understand!
 However, at this point, if the neo martial artist really chose to self-destruct, she knew that it would be a huge loss for Scandinavia.

 She remained silent.
 Next to him, the Prophet sighed and grabbed the bodies of several gods in the air. He also grabbed a few more bodies from the temple, including the body of the earth-element God that Li Hao had thrown away.
 At this moment, he transmitted his voice to the Queen."Gods can reforge their bodies ... They're just shells. Today ... Zhang an's attitude is not right. Perhaps something happened yesterday, and Zhang an even detonated his book of Dao. If he really explodes ... Then ... Even if we don't die, it'll be difficult for us to stop Li Hao's attack!"
 The Queen gritted her teeth and did not speak.
 She still didn't believe that Zhang an and the others would self-destruct for Li Hao.
 It was fine if it was just a clone, but Zhang an was not a clone.
 But what was the use of not believing?
 The book of Dao had already self-destructed. If this continued, what if it really self-destructed?
 This was the spiritual energy of a Saint!
  If another great Dao of origins self-destructed as well ... It would be terrible!
 "Governor li, these bodies are for you ... You won't go back on your word, right?"
 A few bodies of gods flew over. Li Hao grabbed them and examined them, then shook his head. "There's no spiritual imprint ... It seems like he can still be resurrected. What a pity. I can't bear to let senior Zhang an be destroyed in exchange for you guys ... You guys ... Are you worthy?"
 Li Hao laughed.
 Compared to yesterday's Li Hao, today's Li Hao was extremely arrogant and despotic.
 It was as if he was a different person from yesterday.
 At this moment, this scene was seen by everyone in the world, and they were all dumbfounded.
 The gods of the God nation had used the corpses of five gods to force Li Hao to retreat!
 This ... Why was this happening?
 Were deities also afraid of death?
 Even a God was no match for Governor li?
 Li Hao seemed to have only used one sword attack from the beginning to the end!
 Why was it like this?  Previously, news had spread in the Western continent that Li Hao's attack had failed, and the divine Kingdom was also spreading the news. But looking at it again today ... Was he really a loser?
 The divine Kingdom was the one who was compromising, right?
 Li Hao's laughter echoed,"alright, retreat!" "The divine Kingdom is right here. You're not allowed to leave. Next, the divine Kingdom's million-strong Army will train our Western continent's soldiers! The four kingdoms are all like this ... Isn't this your role? Otherwise ... What's the point of keeping you? From today onwards, all the provinces in the West will be stationed here. Transcendents can come and join the army to defend the country! On the Western continent, everyone will follow the order of yang Shan, the military governor of the West!"
 With that, the warship disappeared, leaving behind the Furious experts of Scandinavia.
 Why ... Was he so different today?
 ……
 On the battleship, Li Hao gave Zhang an a strange look ... If it weren't for the fact that this guy had self-destructed his book of Dao, he would have just wanted to scare him and let him know that they had recovered.
 But this time ... He was so good at acting!
 Did this guy take drugs last night?
 Did water get into his brain?
 He had self-destructed the book of Dao!
  What was going on?
 Li Hao was dumbfounded!
 If not for that, Scandinavia would have many trump cards and would not easily admit defeat. The Queen would have directly shattered the moon!
 Zhang an's face was slightly pale, but he did not say a word.
 After showing off a little today, all the grudges from yesterday would probably disappear.
 This was also a small contribution he made for some of the students who were going to choose a new era.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for Li Hao's confusion, there was no need for him to explain anything.
 Are you worthy?
 Zhang an thought to himself, I've seen countless experts, but you, Li Hao ... Go play somewhere else!

 Li Hao did not expect Zhang an to choose to self-destruct his book of Dao.
 However, even though it was a little unexpected, the result was good.
 Li Hao understood Zhang an's intention a little. Perhaps it was to pave the way for the future recovery of some students.
 Li Hao didn't ask for details.
 There were some things that were better known in everyone's heart. As for the few new regiment commanders, it didn't matter. Li Hao had already promised to rebuild their physical bodies for them. Today, they had self-destructed purely in preparation for the reconstruction.
 Only the armor was destroyed, and the effects of the armor were removed.
 "Governor, why didn't you chase after the victory just now?" Nan Quan asked.
 They had just gained the upper hand, and they had just improved their strength. Since Zhang an was willing to put in his all, they had a chance to defeat Scandinavia.
 "The moon god was born from the moon ... It's not that easy to kill."
 "The moon ... So what?"
  Before Li Hao could reply, director Zhao said softly,""She is actually equivalent to the moon's spirit, and the moon's main body is actually ... In the sky above my Silver Moon! There's a seal there. If she really explodes, it might cause big trouble!"
 Southern Fist knew a little about this, but he didn't know the details.
 He frowned slightly and didn't say anything.
 Tian Jian spoke up from the side,"so ... We're just going to leave Scandinavia alone?" They've been threatened by us, so they must be very unhappy ..."
 Li Hao nodded, smiled, and said softly,""I'm definitely dissatisfied! However ... There's no need to worry about it for now. They'll be wary of us, so we won't do anything for the time being. As long as the great wilderness and water cloud sect don't dare to invade us and remain outside, we'll have accomplished our goal. "
 "But ... With the betrayal of the neo martial artists instigating them in the dark, perhaps they will soon complete the Alliance and send out troops at the same time ..."
 The black-robed men had played a major role in the four kingdoms 'attack.
 Perhaps the four countries were afraid, but if the black-robed man secretly contacted all parties, incited them, and gave them enough benefits, the four countries might come to an agreement very quickly.
 "So, let's fight a few rounds first and let them know how strong we are. Then, we'll make them hesitate ... At this moment, we'll make peace. It'll be better."
 "In addition," Li Hao said,"we have to raise the expectations of the four nations ... And cut off their connection with the ancient cities and eliminate the black-robed clones in some of them."
 "Cut off the connection?"
 p "Yes, they're all coming here through the communication Jade system or their avatars ... Cut off the communication Jade system first!"  Li Hao said,"the communication Jade system has been built in the past. We'll destroy all the base stations in the country first and take control of the communication system. If the other party wants to send a message again, there are only two ways. First, they can send a clone. Second, they can arrange for people to wear armor and send a message through the battle armor ... But the battle armor also needs to rely on the nine base stations to send a message. Therefore, if we take down all the nine base stations, they only have one way out ... Their clone will come and contact us personally!"
 "As long as we keep a close eye on Silver Moon, it won't be easy for his clones to leave ... We'll kill as many as they leave."
 "In that case ... We'll have to take down the nine base stations first, then all the communication base stations, and seal off the information?" Tian Jian asked with a deep voice.
 "Yes,"
 Li Hao nodded.  "Then how are we going to raise the expectations of the four kingdoms toward the ancient city?" Tian Jian asked, puzzled.
 Li Hao smiled."We divide the time and give the other party benefits. For example, we give the other party some benefits the first time. Three months later, we give the other party ten times. One year later, we give them twenty times ..."
 "Do they believe it?"
 "It's fine if you don't believe me. As long as they hear it, they'll use it as a comparison."
 Everyone listened in silence.
 Zhang an also looked at Li Hao in confusion. Li Hao seemed to be more talkative now. He couldn't help but ask,""You're not going to attack the four kingdoms?"
 "Not for now."
 Zhang an frowned slightly."But in this case, the threat of the four countries will always be there. Maybe you can go all out and destroy one or two. It would be better. The deterrence will be greater."
 "It might be a little difficult to deal with the divine nation, but if we were to deal with the great wilderness or the raincloud nation, including the Li Dynasty, then it wouldn't be too difficult." He continued.
 "The Fox grieves when the rabbit dies."
 "If I destroy the great wilderness or the water cloud continent, then the divine nation will be in a life-and-death struggle," Li Hao said with a smile.
 Then, Li Hao added, there's no hurry. If senior wishes to help, there will be plenty of opportunities. "
 Zhang an also stopped talking.
 Li Hao's actions were his own business, but he still couldn't figure out what Li Hao was thinking.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, everyone looked at Li Hao.
 The battleship was not flying toward Heavenly Star City.
  Instead, he was flying towards the eastern continent.
 Li Hao, are you going to find Da Huang?
 ……
 - Eastern continent-
 At the end of the land.
 Countless cavalrymen had arrived at the edge of the desert and were now stationed there.
 The huge Palace was dragged behind the cavalry by the horses.
 At this moment, the great desolation Lord was looking at a sky screen.
 He frowned slightly. The others in the hall were also looking. Some frowned, some were unconcerned, and some looked at black robe in the hall.
 The great desolation master looked at it for a long time before he said in a deep voice,""Didn't you say that Li Hao didn't really recruit any neo martial artists? Why were the new martial artists willing to self-destruct to kill the enemy for him? "Also, it seems that the venerable one didn't provide enough help ... The gods in Scandinavia aren't weak and are extremely powerful ... But they were still unable to resist and were forced to hand over their corpses ... If Li Hao does the same to our great wilderness ... I'm afraid he won't be able to match us."

 In the palace, the black-robed envoy hurriedly said,"don't worry, Your Majesty. Li Hao is launching a surprise attack this time. We also need some time to prepare ... As long as we have enough time, the four sides will join forces. With us in the middle, Li Hao will be exhausted. He won't be able to achieve the results he did today."
 "Enough time?"
 "How long will it take?" the great desolation master frowned slightly.
 Then, he added,"you've always said that you'll help us hold back Li Hao's core forces. But now, it seems that you're not. Li Hao's men are still running around without any restrictions."
 "Don't worry, we'll be there soon!"
 Black robe hurriedly said,"his lordship has already started his preparations. As soon as the four nations reach the border, his lordship will mobilize his Army to create chaos in Silver Moon and the North. We will start from Silver Moon and pin down Li Hao so that he has no time to worry about anything else!"
 At this moment, outside the hall, a female general in a white robe stepped in and said in a sonorous voice,""It's useless to just support verbally! Da Huang believed that you could provide sufficient help, that's why they sent troops to the Central Plains! Right now, before we even reach the Central Plains, Li Hao gave us a chance to intimidate us, but what you've given us has not been realized! Where were the divine energy stones? What about the spring of life? Why haven't I seen a single one of them?"
 "Ah Zhen is here."
 The great desolation Lord revealed a smile, and the female general nodded slightly."Father!"
 Then, he looked at the black-robed expert again and said in an arrogant tone,""No matter what your purpose is, cooperation is for mutual benefit. It's impossible to make my soldiers risk their lives without seeing enough benefits! When will the supplies you promised arrive?"
  "Soon ..."
 "It's like this every time. How long is fast? I want the exact time!"
 "Could it be that Princess Yue doesn't trust us?" black robe was a little angry and said in a low voice.
 "It's not that we don't believe it. Otherwise, we wouldn't have sent out our troops so easily. But now, we know that Li Hao's side is stronger, and we need all the reinforcements we can! Instead of waiting endlessly!"
 Then, he added,"you guys will start from Silver Moon to create chaos. Now that Li Hao is not in Silver Moon, it's the best time. He has retreated from the divine Kingdom and will most likely turn around to deal with us or water cloud. Now, you should do your best to hold him back, not wait for the right time!"
 "The Lord will naturally have his own plans for this matter. We just need to wait for news. Now that we've stepped into Heavenly Star, we can also directly communicate with the Lord ... I think the Lord also knows about everything that has happened and will soon give a perfect answer to all parties."
 "I hope so!"
 "If Li Hao comes at us now ... We don't have enough experts to deal with him ... Can the ancient city give us enough promises and guarantees?"
 Black robe laughed,"Princess Yue must be joking. In the vast wilderness, how can it be so easily defeated?" If I remember correctly, even though there are no gods in the great wilderness, there are still some extremely powerful demon clans in the great wilderness. There are even some desolate beasts that were born at the beginning of the world ..."
 "Isn't the princess's white Horse the offspring of a dire beast?"he said meaningfully.
 The female general said coldly,"desolate beasts?" Even if there are, they can't leave easily, just like your original bodies. You don't dare to come out and risk your lives, so you want the foundation of the great wilderness to come out and risk your lives?"
 "I didn't mean it that way."
 Black robe explained again,"what I mean is that even if Li Hao is here, he won't be able to do anything to the great wilderness in a short period of time ... The four big countries have stood for countless years. They won't be destroyed so easily. Give us some time to prepare ... Only when we're fully prepared can we make Li Hao suffer a great loss. Otherwise, if we advance rashly, it'll be easier for us to fulfill his wish."  The female general still wanted to say something, but the master of the great desolation coughed lightly."Luan 'er, don't be too rude. Venerable one, this child doesn't know what to do. Luan' er didn't mean to force you ..."
 "I can understand," black robe nodded.
 He did not say anything more.
 He was not lying. Daren was indeed preparing, preparing for a large-scale riot.
 It was just that he really needed time.
 Previously, he had come down from the city twice and lost dozens of avatars.
 Many people were still recuperating.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If there were too few of them, he was worried that Li Hao's group would capture them all. If there were too many of them, he would have to make some preparations. Some of them were still in seclusion, and he would have to wait for them to come out.
 The ancient city was in charge of creating chaos and killing in all directions, while the four countries had to be held back at the borders of the four directions.
 Moreover, the king of Dali did not seem to be in the Army, but had sneaked back to Dali. The operation could only be delayed for a period of time.
 Just as he was thinking, black robe's expression suddenly changed.
 He was not the only one. The old great desolation master's eyes suddenly lit up and he disappeared.
  In the blink of an eye, a group of people appeared in the sky above the Army.
 In the distance, in the sky.
 A battleship appeared.
 It was as if the void had been torn apart.
 The moment Li Hao's figure appeared, the wasteland master's expression changed. He was really here.
 He was about to say something when suddenly, cannonballs fell from the sky.
 All the powerhouses beside the great desolation master paled. The next moment, the great desolation master roared,""Stop him!"
 BOOM!
 One by one, the experts exploded.
 In front of them, the cavalry powerhouses also rose into the air one after another. A huge shield appeared in the air, and the rumbling sounds were endless, but it only made some soldiers vomit blood.

 A small number of soldiers did not manage to escape in time and were killed by the shells.
 The great desolation Lord instantly appeared in front of the Army and looked at Li Hao's side.
 "The barren King?" Li Hao smiled.
 "There's the God of beginner martial in the North, and there's a God in the West. I'm very curious. What gives the great wilderness of the East the confidence to attack heavenstar?" If it's only these traitors ... Aren't you overestimating them?"
 The great desolate King said in a deep voice,"Governor li, the great desolate has only come here to witness the prosperity of the Central Plains. We have no other intentions. Isn't it a little too much to attack with super cannons the moment we meet, Governor li?"
 "Are you serious?" Li Hao smiled.
 The wasteland master wanted to say more, but Li Hao laughed and said,""I'll measure your strength. If you're not strong enough ... Then obediently accept your death!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he slashed down with his sword!
 The great desolation Lord's expression changed slightly. At that moment, a white-robed female general below roared and pierced the sky with her spear!
 "I'll do it!"
  Riding a White Horse, the female general Rose into the air and thrust her spear at Li Hao.
 The Spear's consciousness pierced through heaven and earth!
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows slightly. His longsword tore through the void and fell. With a boom, the spear intent was shattered. He slashed at the female general and was about to kill her.
 ,m At this moment, the White Horse she was riding on suddenly neighed!  At this time, a wild Qi swept over.
 In the next moment, the White Horse seemed to be stepping on a land of chaos. Its body pretended to be wisps of chaotic Qi, which condensed into The Phantom of a huge beast and pounced at Li Hao.
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly thought of something.
 No, he thought of a dog.
 Black Panther!
 When a Black Panther burst out with its bloodline power, it would also produce a Phantom image. It was said to be The Phantom image of the demon subduing envoy back then, and this horse was the same!
 Zhang an's voice rang in her ears,""It seems to be the descendant of a desolate beast! Desolate beasts were an ancient demon race born at the edge of the chaos at the beginning of the world ... In the universe, there are also some desolate beasts ... Of course, they have always existed in the universe, and we call them Chaos Demons! "However, once they enter heaven and earth, we call them dire beasts ... There were no dire beasts in the new martial era, but there were many in the early martial era ... Silver Moon also had some dire beasts, but ... Many of them seemed to have been killed back then. Are there any left?"
 The image was also extremely powerful. Like the Black Panther's bloodline power, it exploded instantly.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com BOOM!
 With a loud noise, Li Hao's sword intent dissipated, but so did his opponent's shadow.
 The White Horse's breathing became weak in an instant.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows and slashed down again!
 At this moment, the great desolation Lord made his move. He let out a fierce roar, which sounded like the roar of a beast instead of a human. Behind him, a shadow appeared. Li Hao raised his eyebrows."Desolate beast bloodline? You actually have the blood of a desolate beast and not a pure human?"
  The master of great desolation seemed to have turned the surrounding void into chaos. When he punched at Li Hao, the void shattered.  BOOM!
 Li Hao's sword intent dissipated again, but Li Hao was still somewhat confused. "It's just the power of one strike! The king of Dali was favored by heaven, and so were the gods of the kingdom of God ... I'm very curious, do you have one too? However, without sensing all of this, you dare to invade heavenstar just by relying on this instantaneous burst of power?"
 The wasteland master scattered Li Hao's sword intent with a punch and landed in front of his daughter, blocking Li Hao's next attack. His expression was grave.
 Li Hao was very powerful!
 It was just a casual strike, but he had to use the power of his desolate beast bloodline to block it.
 It was only now that he realized how powerful the king of Dali and the Queen of the Western Kingdom of God were, both of whom could contend with Li Hao.
 If he fought with Li Hao, he would probably be killed very quickly.
 At this moment, he also understood that if he didn't show his trump card, something big might happen today. Li Hao was much stronger than he had expected. Sure enough, one couldn't tell the difference just by looking at the sky.
 He didn't say anything and just let out a low roar.
 At this moment, a tornado suddenly appeared in the desert below him. Suddenly, the desert seemed to collapse.
 The world turned into chaos!
 From the depths, there seemed to be extremely powerful wild beasts walking out.
 "You've got some guts!"Zhang an spoke again.
 Li Hao was a little confused.
 Zhang an said in a deep voice,"the wild beasts are actually secretly invading the small world and turning this place into a chaotic domain!" "Wild beasts are only suitable to live in the chaos, or in the state when the world was first created ... New martial has been silent for many years. These wild beasts didn't die, but they didn't stay idle. Instead, they transformed this place into a chaotic state. In this way, they can walk freely in this world ... But there are also restrictions. They can't leave the chaotic area, and ... They will be targeted by heaven's will!"
 Sure enough!
  At this moment, lightning flashed and Thunder rumbled outside the vast wilderness. The heavens seemed to be angry!
 Li Hao felt that the will of the heavens seemed to have blessed him, making his force even stronger!
 It was as if it was saying,"destroy them!"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows."You actually invaded the land of the Silver Moon and turned the Eastern Desert into chaos. You're really bold!"
 In the depths of the great wilderness, one after another, powerful wild beasts began to roar.
 "Is this trump card ... Enough to make the governor retreat?" the great desolation Lord also said in a low voice.
 Li Hao laughed."You're the ones invading us. Why should I retreat?"
 Great desolation master did not say a word.
 At this moment, he was also having a headache.
 The desolate beast transformed the great wilderness, turning it into chaos. However, it was not satisfied with the great wilderness and hoped to devour the entire world. However ... He had thought that he was powerful and that his Army was also extremely powerful.

 Therefore, they were not prepared to expose the existence of the dire beasts. Instead, they planned to slowly invade the East and turn it into chaos.
 However, Li Hao's side was too strong, and he had to reveal everything in advance.
 They did have a trump card, but ... At this time, they could not secretly devour the world and turn it into chaos. Even the Heaven's Will had discovered this side and started to target them.
 Once he stepped out of the desert, he might be struck to death by lightning.
 This was completely different from what he had expected.
 Beside him, the black-robed expert also moved slightly. The master of the great wilderness was actually a mixed-blood descendant of a wild beast. More importantly, the wild beast had secretly transformed the entire great wilderness!
 He did not know about these things. He only knew that Da Huang was related to desolate beasts.
 He didn't expect their relationship to be so deep!
 "Wild beasts from the East, Chu Wu from the North, gods from the West ... I'm curious now, what does Shui Yun from the South have to rely on?"
 Li Hao was not too surprised.
  Da Huang didn't seem weak either.
 Those indistinct desolate beasts seemed to be very powerful. However, he could sense that these guys could not leave the great wilderness. The great wilderness had been transformed by them, and it might have taken them countless years.
 It would take a lot of time to casually devour the eastern continent and turn it into a land of chaos.
 The great wilderness was more than enough to defend, but it was currently unable to be developed.
 Unless it was the star dynasty from before.
 At this stage, the wasteland master was strong, but he was far from being Li Hao's match.
 Of course, Li Hao wouldn't easily enter the vast wilderness either. In the vast wilderness, the desolate beasts were at their peak. Some of the desolate beasts 'auras were even no weaker than Zhang an' s, which was very terrifying!
 However, compared to the divine Kingdom, the great wilderness was nothing to be afraid of!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It would be even harder for these guys to get out of it than a second recovery!
 For the second revival, at least heaven and earth would not stop it. However, if desolate beasts wanted to reform the heaven and earth, heaven's will would stop them. It was just that a few years ago, heaven's will was still ignorant and had not been completely born, thus giving them a chance.
 At this moment, the energy of heaven and earth was surging and devouring the great wilderness. Within the great wilderness, a chaotic aura was also spreading out, resisting the Heaven's Will.
 The great desolation master felt the malice of heaven and earth!
 He felt a little helpless. The original heaven's will might not have been able to take care of this side, or it might not have discovered this. But today, in order to protect itself, the Heaven's Will discovered this. Now, they were in trouble!
 At this moment, the black-robed expert transmitted his voice,""It doesn't matter. You don't have to worry about anything, great desolate King. Although you can't leave rashly ... As long as you take root here, Li Hao won't dare to come in. As long as Li Hao leaves ... Even if heaven's will is against you, it can't kill you directly ... At that time, it won't affect anything."
 The great desolation master did not say anything, but he cursed in his heart.
 It was easy to say!  If not for your incapability, and if you were able to protect him, why would he need to expose his desolate beast and attract the attention of heaven's will?
 If he had known this would happen, he wouldn't have come.
 They should have sneaked in!
 This was great, he was in big trouble.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, looked at the vast wasteland behind him again. Seeing that the vast expanse of yellow sand had turned gray, he sighed. "It's truly the beginning of the world. All signs can be seen. Is this the state of the chaotic universe?"
 "Not exactly," Zhang an said softly."This is just the contamination of the chaotic aura. The real chaos is not like this!"
 Li Hao nodded. So that was the case.
 "Is the Heaven's Will unable to expel the chaotic presence?" he was a little puzzled.
 "The Heaven's Will was just born not long ago ... It's not in a mature state. If it's that kind, it's different. But if it's really that kind, then the Heaven's Will can control everyone. Therefore, this state is actually not bad. However, I'm afraid it's difficult to get rid of this chaotic aura!"
 After saying that, he suddenly laughed."The desolate beasts have invaded the heaven and earth ... If you can kill the desolate beasts, the Heaven's Will will will favor you even more. Also, if you attack the people of the vast wilderness within the range of the Heaven's Will, you will receive some support ... These people can be considered to have been abandoned by the heaven and earth!"
 Li Hao understood. It was more targeted than neo martial arts!
 The people of the vast wilderness lived in the world. Now that they were being watched by the will of the heavens, it was probably very dangerous.
 Although it was unexpected, it was an unexpected gain that they were forced to use chaos.
 Li Hao revealed a smile."Desolate King, since I can't enter and you can't come out ... I think you should just go back obediently. You won't be of much use here!"
 The great desolate King remained silent.
  However, the female general shouted,"are you going to stay here forever?" As long as you leave, there's no need to fear heaven's will!"
 She said coldly,"we can attack or defend!" Li Hao, in terms of advantages, the great wilderness has more! You don't dare to enter the great wilderness, but we can leave the great wilderness at any time ... Even if the Heaven's Will is against us, it can't kill us directly!"
 "You're too relaxed. "
 Li Hao laughed."You've underestimated the power of heaven's will. You're just like me. The ignorant are fearless!"
 Was the Heaven's Will very weak?
 It was just that it had just appeared and seemed a little ignorant.
 However, once heaven's will targeted you ... That would not be fun. They were all in the mountain and sea realm, but the people of the great wilderness could only unleash the power of a thousand Warriors. On the other hand, the Heavenly Star people of the mountain and sea realm could even unleash 30% of their power when dealing with the people of the great wilderness!
 One after another, under the same level situation, it was almost an instant kill.
 This woman said that heaven's will was not to be feared because she did not know how powerful heaven's will was.
 Although the wasteland was powerful, Li Hao knew that it was the least threatening among the four nations. He had thought that the enemy had countless cavalrymen and powerful mobility, but now that they had exposed the matter of the desolate Beasts of Chaos, he was much more at ease.

 The great wilderness wasn't even as powerful as the water Cloud Country.
 At the very least, the threat was much smaller.
 Li Hao glanced at the wasteland master, then looked behind him, and said,""Governor of the East, Sword of Light Hu Jiao, from today onwards, gather the armies of all the provinces in the East and station them here to defend against the great wilderness! I don't think the major provinces of huoming will cause you any trouble ... As for the Marquis dingguo's Xu family, if they dare to stop us and cause division, we'll attack them as a group and destroy the Xu family!"
 "Anyone from the great wilderness who dares to enter the eastern continent will be killed! Don't worry, even if you're the master of the great wilderness, your strength will be greatly reduced in the eastern continent!"
 Li Hao had said the same thing in front of the master of barren.
 The great desolation master frowned slightly. At this moment, they were not far from Li Hao, but they seemed to be shrouded in darkness and chaos, which made them look more profound.
 The countless cavalrymen of the great wilderness had no idea what was going on.
 However, he vaguely knew that the vast wilderness seemed to be targeted by the heavens and earth?
 Why was it like this?
 ……
  At this moment, Li Hao said,""Senior Zhang, do these people have a way to isolate themselves from the heavenly will?"
 "Since heaven's will is paying attention to it, how can it be so easy to isolate it ... Of course, if the desolate beasts continue to invade, devouring the world bit by bit and turning it into chaos, there will be no effect! This great desolation King sure is impatient. If we don't expose the existence of the desolate beast ..."
 "Then he's dead!"
 This was true.
 Zhang an nodded slightly and was somewhat speechless. The great desolate King was actually not weak, and he had many powerhouses under him, but ... He had encountered Li Hao's group. If he did not reveal his trump card, he would probably be no match for them.
 "These three countries all have their own trump cards ... Does senior know what is within the raincloud country?"
 "This ... I know about desolate beasts, early stage martial artists, and deities, but the watercloud country ... It's possible that it hasn't even been established for long. Is there anything in the South that exists?"
 He also didn't know the situation in the raincloud Kingdom.
 If the raincloud Kingdom didn't have any trump cards ... Then they would have been easily destroyed.
 Li Hao glanced at the wasteland master and smiled.""You guys can continue to stay here, I'll take my leave first!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The great desolate King did not say a word. He only frowned and did not speak.
 Li Hao didn't waste any time either. He quickly left on his warship.
 After they left, the great desolation master felt a little heavy. He looked at the world outside and said in a deep voice,""The heavens" will has really awakened! I thought it was just a rumor, but I didn't expect ... It to be true!"
 In the past, when desolate beasts invaded heaven and earth, there was nothing to target.
 However, this time, the appearance of the desolate beasts was probably noticed by heaven's will along with Li Hao. This was definitely not a good thing for the vast wilderness.
 The female general didn't believe it and suddenly rode her White Horse out of the great wilderness.
  In an instant, Thunder exploded!  BOOM!
 It was as if she was being targeted. Between heaven and earth, the power of lightning swept through. Hong long long, perhaps it wasn't her, but the White Horse she was riding on. In the blink of an eye, it was charred by the lightning.
 She hurriedly dragged her White Horse back, somewhat in disbelief.""How did this happen?"
 At this moment, the black-robed man spoke,""Don't be rash. The Heaven's Will is still paying attention to this place, but as long as Li Hao, King Dali, and the celestial nation's moon god make their moves and draw the attention of the Heaven's Will, it will not keep paying attention to this place! The Heaven's Will has just been born and is still very ignorant. Right now, its main focus is on these three parties. As for the great desolation ... Even if it is targeted, it is not a big deal. "
 The great desolation master, however, kept frowning. After a long time, he said,""It's a pity ... If the ancient city had given us enough support this time to resist Li Hao, we might not have to expose ourselves. But now ... I'm afraid it's not good to make a move."
 Black robe did not say anything. He did not know that this was the other party's trump card, and thought that it was just a few desolate beasts.
 Whoever knew that even the heavens and earth had been transformed and devoured!
 He deserved to be targeted.
 The Silver Moon had created a small world with great difficulty, and now the desolate beast was trying to turn it into chaos. How could it not be targeted?
 ……
 On the battleship.
 "Governor," Nan Quan said excitedly,"does this mean we don't need to negotiate with them? especially Da Huang. It can't come out at all ..."
 Li Hao laughed."We'll talk while we fight. Just don't start a large-scale battle."
 "Why do you still do this?"
 Nan Quan was a little depressed,"then when we go to the raincloud nation later, do we have to do the same?" If the other party is weak, will they do the same?"
  Li Hao nodded.
 Nan Quan was a little angry, and the others were also a little confused. If Shui Yun was weak, they could just kill him directly!
 "We can't massacre them in large numbers!" Li Hao sighed.
 "What?"
 Before Li Hao could answer, Zhang an suddenly thought of something.""Li Hao's right, don't kill people! I forgot about this. Li Hao, did you sense something?"
 "Yes."
 Li Hao nodded.
 Zhang an frowned and said,"then it can't be wrong!" There were several ways for the recovery of the world. If a large number of powerhouses, humans, and living beings died, the recovery of the world could also be accelerated! It seems like ... That traitor colluded with the four kingdoms not only to deal with you, but also to hope that you will kill each other so that the recovery of the world will be faster!"
 He hadn't thought of this before.
 That was because killing a large number of living beings to revive the world ... To put it bluntly, he had never even thought of doing so. Deep down, he did not approve of such a method, so he did not think of it for a moment.

 Perhaps, this was also his weakness, or perhaps his strength. He was cold on the outside but soft on the inside.
 He had never thought of using the massacre method to start the second revival in advance.
 At this moment, he was also very angry,'this man is completely crazy! The other party actually wants to rely on the war between nations to kill a large number of living beings to satisfy his own selfish needs, just to activate the second revival in advance ..."
 The second recovery was only a matter of time.
 In order to cause the deaths of tens of millions of people, or even more, just a little earlier ... Such a method would be despised no matter what era it was!
 "I'm not crazy. Would the other party dare to betray neo martial?"
 Li Hao was not surprised."If not for that ... I wouldn't have restrained the ordinary soldiers of the four countries so much. Even the Silver City has only lost tens of thousands of people in the battle with the Li Dynasty."
 At this moment, the others understood. Hong Yitang couldn't help but say,""This ... Isn't this ... Very troublesome? We can't go on a killing spree ... Then what about the gods we killed earlier ..."
 "Gods can be killed!" Li Hao laughed.
 "Why?"
  "Gods are the manifestations of the great Dao of heaven and earth. Killing them will weaken the power of the great Dao of heaven and earth and delay its recovery!"
 Was it like this?
 Everyone was also speechless. So, killing Immortals was a good thing?
 "In that case, we can't kill them even if we want to, and we can only negotiate for peace with them?" Nan Quan said, a little sullen. But they don't care about that. Tell me, if we tell them this news ..."
 "They might know."
 p Li Hao shook his head."At the very least, the king of Dali might know. That's why he didn't start a large-scale war after entering Silver Moon. He doesn't want too many casualties. He should know something. The other parties ... Might know."  "Then what do we do?"
 At this moment, Nan Quan was extremely angry.
 Director Zhao suddenly said,"since we can start the second revival by killing them ... Then ... Silver Moon will be in trouble. Will these people take advantage of our absence to make a move on Silver Moon?"
 "Not that fast ... But the possibility is very high!"
 Li Hao nodded."That's why we have to pacify the four kingdoms first. We're now on the edge of a fire. We can't advance or retreat ... If we kill too many of the four kingdoms, the ancient city will revive!" If we don't kill them, they'll invade us again ... That's why we can only do this. "
 "Then is there no other way?" Nan Quan asked, a little depressed.
 No wonder Li Hao didn't have the intention to kill the Li Dynasty.
 At this moment, he somewhat understood.
 Otherwise, the Silver Moon's power would definitely be able to destroy the Li Dynasty. Even if their God of beginner martial were to appear by force, he might be killed.
 "So you're saying that only gods can be killed?"
 "Why don't I go to the West?" Nan Quan suddenly suggested."I'll fight with the gods when I have nothing to do!"
 According to Li Hao's plan, they might not be able to touch the watercloud nation in the South.
 Previously, when he said that he wanted a peace treaty, everyone felt uncomfortable. Now, they realized that the other three parties might have no choice but to agree.
  "That's right, we can't move the great wilderness too?"he asked.  Zhang an sighed."All the more we can't move. The existence of the great wilderness has swallowed some of the heaven and earth. This is actually a good thing. Otherwise ... Once the great wilderness is destroyed, perhaps the heaven and earth will instantly complete a second recovery! Although the enemy has devoured the world, he has also suppressed the rate at which the world is recovering. "
 At this moment, he looked at Li Hao.
 He suddenly felt helpless.
 He felt a headache for Li Hao.
 Now, he didn't know whether to fight or not.
 Fight, kill more people, revive the ancient city.
 If they didn't fight, they would be invaded from all sides, and the ancient city would cause trouble. They could only passively defend, and they would have all kinds of concerns.
 For a moment, he felt that Li Hao was in a difficult position.
 What was this good?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If he had severed his Dao and killed a few experts, he would have been able to defeat the divine Kingdom and the other three nations. However, if he killed a large number of experts, what would he do if the world were to recover?
 Zhang an couldn't help but look at Li Hao.
 If he continued to be weak towards the four countries, he might be devoured and even criticized by the people in the country.
 However, if they were too unyielding, it would be very difficult to start a war.
 "Li Hao,"
 "Eh? Is there something you need, senior?"
 Li Hao was puzzled and looked at Zhang an. Zhang an sighed.""If that doesn't work, we'll kill some gods first. You said that the death of gods won't speed up the recovery of the world ..."
 "You should at least give the others an explanation. Otherwise, the four kingdoms invaded and fought for half a day, and only a few ordinary soldiers died ... The four kingdoms still haven't retreated. This ... I'm afraid you will be caught in a great dispute!"
 "If you were to negotiate for peace with the four countries and the news got out, the prestige that you've built up before would instantly disappear!"
  As soon as he said that, the others finally understood.
 Yuan Shuo couldn't help but say,"you should have said it earlier. Why did you keep hiding it? why didn't you say it? all of us felt annoyed. Why did you have to carry it alone?"
 Li Hao laughed,"you're exaggerating!" Moreover, it's just a guess without any solid evidence. When more people die, the world will recover ..."
 "I can prove that this is feasible!"
 Zhang an was very serious.
 "Senior, you talk too much." Li Hao smiled.
 Zhang an didn't say anything.
 He just felt that he needed to prove it to Li Hao. Otherwise, Li Hao's ambiguous attitude toward the four countries might cause others to be distant.
 In fact, Li Hao couldn't kill the powerhouses of the four countries on a large scale.
 This time, the Silver Moon martial masters didn't feel as bad as before. Instead, they were all frowning.

