fileno%d
uldn't help but look at the woman.
 This works too?
 He thought for a moment and said,"three hours is too short. There's no rush. Why don't we wait for one night and give them more time to think? let's issue the order now and gather in the inner city tomorrow morning. What do you think?"
 "You're wise, Governor!"Lin Hongyu laughed.
 Li Hao was stunned for a while before he realized something. Is she deliberately leaving some questions for me to find?
 To make me look smarter?
 This woman ... Previously, someone had suggested for her to take charge of stellarsky city. Tian Jian, that old and straight man, had suggested it, so it was obvious that he was very optimistic about it.
 Li Hao wasn't too sure before, but now, he began to seriously consider it.
 This woman had quite a few tricks up her sleeve.
 To be able to gather at least a hundred people in one night, regardless of whether they were good or bad, they could be detained or killed. Once these people were dead, no matter how many superpowers there were in the city, they would not be able to cause any trouble.
  Even if a lone traveler was powerful, he was still a lone traveler. As long as he could not bring the remaining supers to rebel, it would not have much of an impact.
 Furthermore, there was probably not a single sacred art in the city.
 No matter how strong he was, he was only the rising light.
 Huang Yu nodded,"that's a good idea, Mayor Lin!" It's just that ... If there's no benefit, there might not be anyone willing to do so. If there's any benefit to be given ..."
 "Divine power stones, divine weapons, spring of life ... The key is the spring of life!"
 Lin Hongyu laughed."This is what everyone needs the most now. It's a key thing that restricts all powerful people from advancing their god art. As long as you have control of the spring of life, you'll be able to become a powerful person." Those who can gather 100 people will join the Super Army and be rewarded with one drop of the spring of life. 1000 people will be rewarded with 10 drops of the spring of life. 10000 people will be rewarded with 100 drops!"
 "Of course, we'll tell them to pay in batches. A hundred will be paid on the spot, a thousand will be paid in half a year, and ten thousand will be paid in three years ... This way, they'll dispel their doubts. To them, it's all worth it to work for three years and get a hundred drops of the spring of life!"
 Huang Yu nodded again and looked at Lin Hongyu.
 This woman ... Was really scheming.
 He suddenly thought of old Zhao.
 Old Zhao was also very scheming, but he was old. This woman wasn't that old. Was she born with such scheming?
 Li Hao nodded with a smile."That's good. He's really capable of gathering ten thousand people in one night ... If he's a good person, he's a good candidate for a commander. At the very least, he's an expert at bluffing! If they're bad, then they're the seeds of a rebellion ... Good people can be recruited, but bad people can be directly killed, killing two birds with one stone. City Lord Lin's move is very much in line with my intentions!"
 "I'm flattered, Governor. "
 "It's just a small trick," Lin Hongyu said softly."If you approve of it, I'll have third elder issue the order now."
 "Sure!" Li Hao nodded.
 Lin Hongyu quickly sent a message. The third elder of the Lin family had been busy in the city, so it was convenient for him to do things.
 Huang Yu took a deep breath and said,"tomorrow afternoon, I will lead the Army and lock down the city of supers!" After dealing with those troublemakers ... Things will be much easier. It's useless to have more people left. If we can't gather them, there won't be any chaos!"
 "Then I'll have to trouble the two of you!" Li Hao nodded.
 "I wouldn't dare, it's what I should do."
 Lin Hongyu chuckled. Li Hao said,""If we can settle this issue in the city of supers ... Governor Lin, are you interested in developing in the stellarsky city?" This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Ah?"
 Lin Hongyu was stunned. Develop?
 Develop what?
 "How is the governor of heavenstar?"
 “……”
 Lin Hongyu was surprised. Governor of heavenstar?
 Li Hao smiled."Although we've taken down the nine divisions and the royal family, there are too many trivial matters to deal with. Most of the Silver Moon martial masters are barbarians ... I'm no exception!" Therefore, if city Lord Lin is willing to go, it would be good. Previously, Tian Jian and the other seniors recommended city Lord Lin to go to Sky Star and take charge of Sky Star City ..."
 Lin Hongyu was surprised.me?
 She was in disbelief!
 "This ..."
 "Think about it. Let's take down SuperPower City first."
 "Alright," he said.
 Lin Hongyu was a little dazed, but she did not say anything else.
 He ... Could take control of Heavenly Star City?
 It was really surprising!
 ……
 Soon, the city of superpower was in turmoil.
 "My God ... The spring of life!"
 "Before 9 a.m. Tomorrow morning, those who can gather 100 people to join the army will be given the position of Centurion and a drop of the spring of life ... This ... Isn't this too simple?"
  "Is the city of superpower expanding its Army?"
 "It looks like they're really going to fight for the world! Right now, there are only the city guards in the city, and there aren't many of them. I think there are only 5000 of them ..."
 "Let's go and try. A hundred people ... There's no rule on the strength of a hundred people. It's a drop of the spring of life. We won't be able to see it in our lifetime. This thing is controlled by the major forces. It costs fifty to sixty thousand or even a hundred thousand divine power stones. It's not worth that much even if we sell ourselves ..."
 The city of superpower was going crazy.
 Some of the more practical people had already contacted each other, one drop for a hundred people, a hundred drops for ten thousand people!
 With these 100 drops, it wouldn't be difficult for him to become a god art. Furthermore, it might not be a simple second element. It'll only take three years. Three years, where are you going to get 100 drops of spring of life?
 To these people, no matter which faction they joined, they would not be able to obtain so much spring of life at this stage.
 All of a sudden, the superpower City went crazy.
 All sorts of benefits and promises were thrown out.
 In order to rope in more people, they used all kinds of methods. Some people knew that they did not have the ability to do so, but the powerhouses gave them divine power stones and promised them all kinds of benefits. Some of the independent cultivators who knew that they had no hope of getting the spring of life joined the teams one after another.

 Of course, they also knew that they would not have as much freedom after joining the Super Army, but ... At least there were many benefits.
 Furthermore, the city of supers was indeed a dominant force.
 In the blink of an eye, the city was bustling with noise and excitement. That night, the entire SuperPower City was extremely noisy.
 There were even many battles. In order to win people over, some people directly poached the girl, leading to conflicts between the two sides. When it involved the spring of life, they were not polite at all. Anyone who dared to extend their hand was killed directly.
 And no one cared about that night.
 For Li Hao and the others, these people were all ambitious. They would be killed one by one, and it would be fine as long as they didn't cause any trouble.
 ……
 It was a lively night.
 The next day.
 Troops after troops, without any order to speak of, rushed into the inner city in a somewhat chaotic manner.
  In the sky above the city Lord's mansion.
 Li Hao and Lin Hongyu were both watching. Teams were coming from all directions.
 Li Hao did a quick count. There were at least 50000 people, and they formed hundreds of teams of various sizes. The largest team had thousands of people, while the smallest team had hundreds. In order to distinguish them from each other, these teams had also made various flags and flaunted them.
 "There's quite a lot of people!"
 Li Hao also sighed. There were many people with tricks up their sleeves.
 To put it bluntly, even Li Hao couldn't gather a thousand soldiers in one night. It was highly unlikely that he could do it by contacting superpowers in private, not by going to the military.
 Moreover, they were a group of wandering cultivators and it was very chaotic.
 Under such circumstances, to be able to gather a team of a thousand people in one night, no matter what methods you used, and under the circumstances of many people competing to do so ... These people are all talents.
 Even if they had a team of 100 people, they were still people who stood out from all kinds of poaching operations.
 As expected, when there were more people, there would be all kinds of people.
 Lin Hongyu's move was simple. She did not need to pay any price. The thorns in the city were all picked out in an instant. There might still be some people who did not participate, but those were not enough to be feared!
 Li Hao glanced at Lin Hongyu from the corner of his eye ... Perhaps this was not a sudden idea, but something that this woman had wanted to do for a long time.
 The city of superpower must have had the intention to fight for supremacy.
 This woman might have had such a plan long ago.
 As he was thinking, Lin Hongyu's voice rang out,""Enter the inner city, set up camp there, and maintain discipline! The city of supers needs elites and not a motley crew. Generals, restrain your troops! All the Centurions and chiliarchs, come to the city Lord's mansion together to accept the conferment! Your subordinates will also be incorporated into the Super Army and will be comrades in the future. Do not create chaos now and disrupt the morale of my Army. Kill without mercy!"
 All over the inner city, the teams and the ambitious schemers were all excited.
 The city Lord!
 This time, it was the best opportunity for the secret practitioners to rise to the top!
 The leaders of the few thousand-man teams were all high-spirited and full of smiles.
 It was only a matter of time before he stepped into the divine power realm.
 If the superpower City rules the world, they would at least be governors in the future.
 With such anticipation, hundreds of leaders, big and small, followed the Lin family's third elder and the city guards into the holy city Lord's mansion in high spirits.
 ……
 In the square of the city Lord's mansion.
 Dao Jian and the rest were shocked. The ambitious people of the city of superpowers ... Were tricked into coming here?
 It was the same for the previous meeting of the pavilion elders. In an instant, a group of experts had been tricked into coming.
 The meeting had not even ended, and these ambitious people were about to be caught in one fell swoop!
 "Indeed ... Since ancient times, power and benefits have always been an irresistible temptation. For these fellows to be able to gather so many people in such a short time, their strength and brains must not be lacking. However, they still can't avoid the temptation of power!"
 Some people sighed with emotion.
 After today, the huge SuperPower City might have to change its name completely. The rest of the people would be a motley crew who could not cause any trouble.
 At the entrance of the city Lord's mansion, the leaders were still in high spirits and excited.
 Following the third elder's steps, they entered the city Lord's mansion.
 He had imagined that countless powerhouses would be watching, but it did not appear.
 After all, in the eyes of the outside world, the meeting of the cabinet elders was still being held here. Perhaps the cabinet elders had already been selected. However, at this moment, there were only a few dozen people in the huge square of the city Lord's mansion.
 Moreover, they didn't know any of them.
 The leaders were all confused. Where ... Did these people come from?
 What about the experts from the aristocratic families?
 What about the Rogue cultivators?
  Where did they all go?  At that moment, Lin Hongyu's figure appeared with a smile on her face.""Welcome, everyone!"
 The city Lord!
 They recognized this person.
 The city Lord was here, but ...
 At this moment, Li Hao's figure appeared, and many people's faces changed. Some of them had seen Li Hao's photos before, and they were all shocked when they saw Li Hao.
 Li Hao!
 How was that possible?
 "They're all talents!"
 Li Hao's smile was bright."In one night, there were at least a hundred people, and at most a thousand. And they were all supers. You are all talents!" There are so many geniuses......Since you're here, then don't leave!"
 "It's a trap!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Someone shouted angrily, jumped into the air, and ran away.
 At this moment, a huge shield fell, and a chain locked the void. A group of people who were only at the sun glory realm could not escape from these means that were aimed at the peak.
 In the outside world, they were fantasizing that after they entered, they would be conferred titles and countless benefits.
 These leaders were filled with despair.
 All of them were locked in place. Those who ran fast had their legs broken and their superpowers scattered.
 Some people were so regretful that their intestines turned green!
 Who would've thought that Li Hao would be waiting for them after they entered?
 Lin Hongyu had actually sided with Li Hao.
 Who would have thought?
 The millions of Lords of the supernatural had surrendered just like that. At that moment, they really wanted to ask why his Majesty was rebelling.
 No one would believe it if they said that they didn't want their own family to conquer the world and instead wanted to rely on Li Hao, who was still young!
 We're here to fight for you!
 As for Li Hao, he couldn't hide his smile anymore.
 After taking down these guys and suppressing the 50000 or so mobs outside, those guys in the outer city really wouldn't be able to cause any waves.
 He had been having a headache about how to deal with these people.
 Now ... Li Hao thought that old Hong's dream of farming with a million supers would probably come true soon.
 Those who should be killed were killed, and those who should be kept.
 If he killed them, he might even be able to perfect some of his cultivation systems. It was truly perfect.
 Lin Hongyu was also smiling.
 He had some thoughts in his heart.
 Many people felt that it was a pity and foolish decision to give her to the city of superpower. However, when she thought about what happened to the nine divisions and the royal family, she felt that this might be the wisest decision she had ever made.
 And next ... Perhaps he could do better and go higher.
 The sky Star City ... That was the heart of the sky Star dynasty.
 ……
 At this moment, tens of thousands of Silvermoon soldiers in heaven battling armor silently approached SuperPower City.
 Some supers saw it from afar and were shocked. They quickly escaped but were extremely puzzled. Where did this Army come from?
 Was he courting death?
  Why did he come to SuperPower City?
 However, some people saw the flags these people were waving. The Lin family's flag? the Lin family's Army?
 Where did it come from?
 Despite their confusion, the supers in the city were still clueless when Huang Yu replaced the guards at the city gates and the Silvermoon Army quickly finished setting up their defenses.
 Huang Yu could not help but look to the north.
 Old Zhao ... Did you see that?
 I took down SuperPower City without shedding any blood!
 Compared to Li Hao ... You're really trash.
 If I had known earlier, I would have run away with Li Hao.
 I can only show off my abilities as a great general here. I'm almost crippled by you in Silver Moon.

 In the city of supers, the Silvermoon Army quickly finished setting up their camp.
 In the city, there was still laughter and joy, waiting for the generals to appear so that everyone could get rich together.
 ……
 In the city Lord's mansion.
 Li Hao counted. 316 people. The smallest pulled a hundred people, and the largest pulled up to a thousand people. These 316 people were all talents.
 Li Hao really thought so.
 Whether they were good or bad, they were all talents to be able to stand here. Their strength might not be top-notch, but they were definitely charming in other aspects.
 ……
 Just as Li Hao trapped them ...
 As expected, talents were different.
  In an instant, someone said,"Governor Li, I surrender!" "I'm willing to serve the Heavenly Star governor's office. I've gathered more than a thousand troops this time with the intention of setting things right at a critical moment. I've always wanted to establish rules in the transcendent world so that the people can live in peace and prosperity. I didn't expect city Lord Lin to be one step ahead of me. City Lord's eyes are indeed as bright as a torch ..."
 A young man who looked like a scholar said with a sincere expression.
 This time, there were only a few thousand members gathered, and this person was one of them.
 Then, before Li Hao could say anything, he continued,""Governor, my superpower is not ordinary. It's a special type of superpower. I can observe people's emotions. I can observe their happiness, anger, sorrow, and joy. Different colors represent different emotions. I can determine the other party's request based on their emotions."
 He tried his best to fight for a chance to live and quickly said,""As long as their cultivation level doesn't exceed mine by too much, I can observe them. That's why I was able to rope in thousands of people. I know their mood changes and can control them at any time ..."
 Li Hao's eyes flickered.
 The world was full of wonders.
 There was such a superpower?
 Observing people's emotions?
 "Can you guess how I'm feeling right now?"
 "I don't dare!"
 "How would I dare to look at Your Excellency? the governor's Divine Art is protecting his body ..." The scholar hurriedly said.
 p "Speak the truth!"  "You've lied too much," Li Hao said indifferently."If I didn't like it, you'd be dead."
 In order to survive, the scholar couldn't care less. He hurriedly raised his head and looked at Li Hao. After a while, he slowly said,""The governor is in a good mood, but he's showing killing intent and black evil energy ..."
 Li Hao smiled."Are you just guessing? or did you really observe it?"
 He didn't feel anything.
 "I really did."
 Seeing Li Hao's reply, the scholar tried his best to show off. He glanced around and hurriedly pointed at a person."Governor, this person's killing intent has turned black. He doesn't have much fear, only a strong killing intent. He must be unconvinced and has a strong killing intent. It's very likely that he's a member of the three major organizations ..."
 Li Hao was stunned. He looked at a person in the crowd who had been targeted.  The man's face changed drastically as he shouted,""Qian shushou, you dare to accuse me!"
 The scholar hurriedly said,"my Lord, this person is angry and resentful. His emotions are fluctuating. He is still filled with killing intent. I must be right!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything and reached out his hand.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Xu Guang struggled violently and roared repeatedly.
 However, they were like chickens and ducks in Li Hao's hand. The man roared,""He's wrongly accusing me!"
 "Governor," the scholar said hurriedly."This person is lying. The Liar's emotions are fluctuating and are glowing in green light ..."
 The person in his hand immediately panicked.
 Li Hao was also surprised. He looked at the scholar and said,""What's your name?"
 "Qian Wuliang!"
 So it wasn't his real name when he was called Qian shushou.
 He actually had such a superpower.
 It was Li Hao's first time seeing such a thing, and he was very curious.
 This ability ... Was very strong!
 Perhaps their battle prowess wasn't very useful, but Li Hao didn't lack experts in battle prowess at the moment. He raised his eyebrows."Have you done any evil?"
 The scholar's eyes lit up with joy and he hurriedly said,"no, no!" "Governor, please be clear. Although I'm the rising sun, I've been following the prescribed order and cultivated bit by bit. I was born to shine and come from a family of scholars ..."
 Lin Hongyu said,"he's not a bad person, but there are rumors that he's a swindler. Many people have fallen for his tricks. Every time they go to find trouble, they're tricked back. The original superpower that was announced to the public was the fire Eye. I didn't expect it to be a lie."
 "City Lord is wise, this lowly one was only trying to protect himself ..."
 The scholar hurriedly explained,"this lowly one has never lied, just ... Just explaining some principles to everyone, that's all."
 Li Hao understood.
  He was a great swindler in the supernatural realm. He relied on his special ability to read people's emotions and pick the good ones. Once a person's emotions were controlled, it would actually be a very terrifying thing.
 Happiness, anger, sorrow, and joy were all within the other party's control.
 Li Hao didn't say much. With a wave of his hand, the man came out alone. The next moment, a suit of armor fell on him. Li Hao said indifferently,""Outside, there are still 50000 supers in the inner city. I don't have high expectations of you. If you can convince 10000 people to change into the city guard uniform and cooperate with the law enforcement, you can be spared from death! Of course, you can also try to run away, or encourage people to rebel!"
 "This lowly one wouldn't dare!"
 The scholar hurriedly said,"Governor, you've given me a chance. I will definitely cherish it. However, I'm not strong enough to do it alone. I hope that you can send an expert to help me ..."
 "Qin Lian, you go with him!"
 "Yes!"
 In the darkness, Qin Lian's figure appeared. The scholar's expression changed slightly. An expert with magical powers, and one with the dark element at that. He actually didn't notice her before.
 Qin Lian looked at him coldly. The scholar swallowed his saliva and looked at the pitch-black armor on his body ... He gritted his teeth and hurriedly said,""Then this lowly one will go first. Military governor, wait for my return!"
 After saying that, he quickly walked out of the square.

 Lin Hongyu glanced at Li Hao, who smiled.""His abilities are interesting. He has a myriad of superpowers, but now they're all focused on attacking. These special elements have been buried."
 Lin Hongyu nodded."It's a chaotic time, and the special elements aren't that strong. This guy cheated and cheated, and he's only at the rising light tier. He's also a god tier master, starting from the radiant sun tier. It's too difficult for his special elements to improve."
 Li Hao also nodded.
 He also had special elements. For example, Li Meng's three eyes could see through whims, which was somewhat similar to his sword eyes. Now, he had only barely stepped into the three yang realm.
 It must be noted that Li Hao had given them a lot of benefits because he was biased.
 Wang Ming, who had been almost at the same realm as him before, was now almost at the rising light realm. He just didn't want to break the Super Lock so quickly and was stuck at the peak of three suns, otherwise he would be at the rising light realm.
 It hadn't been long, but he had fallen behind by almost a major realm. It could be imagined that this fellow had probably scammed many benefits when he entered the rising light.
 Lin Hongyu knew that Li Hao had probably taken a fancy to this person's ability, so she didn't say anything more.
 To put it simply, observing a person's emotions was like judging a dish. It was useful, but useless. If an expert killed you with a slap, what was there to observe? if they didn't listen to you, it would be useless no matter how much you observed.
 Otherwise, he wouldn't have been caught by Li Hao's group.
  There were also huge restrictions.
 Seeing that the scholar had a way out, someone in the crowd hurriedly spoke. Li Hao smiled and said,""There's no hurry. Come one by one. I'll listen. I have nothing to do today anyway. If you have some skills, show them. Only by showing them will you have a chance to live and maybe have a future. If you hide them ... There's a high probability that you'll become a dead soul under the sword!"
 The moment these words came out, everyone was incomparably nervous.
 The man Li Hao had grabbed was about to speak, but Li Hao suppressed him with his sword intent and threw him aside, ignoring him.
 Everyone's heart was filled with fear as they hurriedly began to tell each other about their abilities.
 There really were all kinds of people. There was one person who had a special ability that was not much weaker than the scholar 's. It was a woman, and her ability was no small matter. She could teleport instantly.
 It was really teleportation.
 However ... The distance was a little short. He could only move within a 30-meter radius. To the current powerhouses, there was a limit. Otherwise, the other party would have run away long ago.
 Even so, Li Hao's eyes flickered.
 Teleportation, space!
 This might be the first space element user he had found. Chen Zhongtian had guessed that Zhao Tianyang might have the space element, but Li Hao didn't know if Zhao Tianyang didn't use it in the end, or if it was because he broke the Super Lock too late, so he didn't reveal his space element.
 ? Teleportation was slightly different from the traditional spatial abilities, but it also involved space.
 Li Hao also kept this person. He might be useful to Li Hao after he investigated his past.
 There was also one person who had a thousand li of hearing, able to hear everything within a thousand li.  Li Hao was suspicious."Since you can hear from a thousand miles away, how can you not know that this is a trap?" he asked.
 Who are you trying to fool?
 The skinny and dry old man said carefully,""Although this old man can listen for a thousand miles, but ... As long as there is a powerful energy barrier, I don't dare to listen for too long. This place is a place where experts gather. How can this old man have the courage to listen?"
 Li Hao smiled."Let's try it. It's within a thousand kilometers, right?"
 Even he couldn't cover a thousand miles. No one in this era could do that. After some thought, Li Hao said,""From what you're saying, you're able to sense the strength of some energy while listening to the sound. Then, find the strongest expert within this thousand-mile range with the densest energy and listen ..."
 The little old man's face turned pale."Governor, this old man's power is limited. If someone retaliates with their perception, we'll be in big trouble ..."
 Li Hao laughed,'big trouble? Are they bigger than me?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The little old man's expression changed again, and he hurriedly put on a smile.""No, no, no. Governor is a man of great talent ... You are the strongest here. I will ... Find the strongest outside the city to gather information. Please wait a moment."
 After saying that, Li Hao's ears twitched slightly. He sensed something in silence and felt that it was quite interesting.
 He opened his eyes, and there was some red light in his eyes. The little old man's face turned pale, but he didn't dare to move.
 As for Li Hao, he seemed to have seen through something. At this moment, his eyes flickered. This person's ability seemed to be extremely special. It even seemed to be able to draw in some double-layered space.
 Strange!
 This was something that one wouldn't know if they didn't see it. Only after seeing it did they realize that they were ignorant.
  The old man's ears continued to vibrate. A moment later, he seemed to have heard something. His expression suddenly changed. The next moment, a violent vibration reverberated rapidly. With a boom, it was about to explode in his ear!
 Li Hao reached out his hand, and a stream of energy in the air was instantly crushed by him!
 A bloody gash appeared on Li Hao's finger.
 His expression changed slightly. He looked into the distance and instantly looked at the old man."What did you hear?"
 The little old man's face turned pale."I ... I heard it. Someone said that Jiusi might have been defeated, and that something might have happened to Heavenly Star Town. They asked ... Asked people to gather and kill someone. I don't know who the other party wants to kill ... The other party's words were vague, and they soon found me."
 Li Hao was slightly moved.
 The nine divisions were defeated ...
 These people didn't know about this.
 It was obvious that the old man had heard it. Furthermore, the other party had followed the old man's movements and counterattacked. This strength could not be underestimated.
 In this world, at most, it could only accommodate the weaker peak and seven elements.

 Li Hao was well aware of this.
 This person might have reached the critical point.
 Who was it?
 Ying Hongyue?
 Apart from Ying Hongyue, Li Hao couldn't think of anyone else who was so powerful. Or could it be the red shadow behind Ying Hongyue?
 "How far away is it?"
 "Three hundred miles ..."
 Li Hao didn't say anything. The earth-drilling shuttle appeared in an instant, and he pointed in a direction."That way?"
 "Right!"
 "City Lord Lin, keep an eye on him. I'll be right back!"
  "Yes!"
 Lin Hongyu was also surprised to hear some secrets during an Ability Test.
 Really ... Accidents are everywhere.
 "Be careful, commander!"
 She warned him, but the other party was actually able to counterattack. He was not weak.
 Could Li Hao handle it?
 She didn't know, but she couldn't say much.
 ……
 At the same time.
 In a mountain range, a person turned his head to look in a certain direction. After a moment, he sighed softly.""He's really ... Bold! It seems like a superhuman is spying on us from the direction of the city of superpower. Retreat!"
 In the surrounding void, someone chuckled,""This is interesting. The city of superpower is not close to here, but they can spy on us. Shall we go and find them?"
 "There's no need. The other party has destroyed my counterattack. Although we're so far apart, I'm just following the other party's fluctuations and sending them back, but I'm instantly shattered. The other party has an expert with him ... Let's go. Be careful of any complications!"
 "What are you afraid of? The world today ..."
 Before that person could finish, the person who had spoken earlier suddenly changed his expression. "Let's go! They've used a divine weapon and are rapidly approaching us ..."
 It was too fast!
 As soon as these words came out, several figures in the void changed their expressions one after another. The next moment, without saying anything more, they instantly disappeared from their original spots.
 As for the person who had spoken earlier, he had wanted to leave, but after frowning slightly, he chose to stay.
 He ... Vaguely knew who had come.
 ……
 In less than ten seconds, Li Hao emerged from the ground.
 He looked into the distance and smiled."Ying Hongyue, it's you indeed. We meet again!"
 Ying Hongyue was calm."SuperPower City ... You're actually there? Li Hao, it seems like you've secretly taken down SuperPower City. That's unexpected. "
 "Ying Hongyue ... You killed my parents and my good friend. Why don't you ... Have some fun with me today?"
  In an instant, Li Hao disappeared.  A long sword struck out silently from the void!
 A folding fan also appeared in Ying Hongyue's hand. As she opened it, it appeared between heaven and earth like a landscape painting. The huge mountain suppressed the starry sky sword, and the water pierced through the heaven and earth, heading straight for Li Hao!
 At this moment, Ying Hongyue was also frowning slightly. Li Hao's sword intent was getting stronger and stronger!
 From the looks of it, there was nothing powerful about it.
 But from the sword intent, it was more than a level stronger than before.
 BOOM!
 The void shattered. Li Hao transformed into a fierce tiger and instantly disappeared. When he reappeared, the Tiger was released from its cage, and the void was torn apart.
 Ying Hongyue let out a low cry, and streams of blood flowed out, turning the spring into a sea of blood!
 At the same time, the power of his bloodline appeared on his body. The seven streams of blood instantly turned into six, five, four ...
 Li Hao's blood was also boiling!
 The starry sky sword instantly burst out with a dazzling radiance and slashed out.
 Ying Hongyue shouted in a low voice, and her bloodline shook the world. Suddenly, she threw out a fan, which turned into a world that enveloped Li Hao. She chuckled and said, "I'll play with you next time. I'm leaving first ..."
 Then, the figure disappeared.
 As for the fan, it was thrown away by him.
 This was a very powerful fan. Even if it wasn't a Heavenly King's weapon, it was still a Saint weapon.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, emerged from the void. At this moment, he looked coldly in the direction where his opponent had disappeared. The next moment, the starry sky sword fell into his hand, and the shadow of a hammer suddenly appeared.
 Li Hao let out a low roar and spat out a mouthful of blood. It surged out and turned into a Blood Sword. The sword stabbed into the hammer shadow, and the shadow shattered with a crack.
 In the distant void, a muffled groan was heard. A surge of qi and blood exploded from Ying Hongyue's body, and she spat out a mouthful of blood. She turned her head and looked at Li Hao."The shadow of the divine hammer ... Li Hao, you're quite capable!"
 With that, he disappeared again.
 Li Hao didn't say anything either. He hadn't gathered his divine runes yet, and he had encountered Ying Hongyue by accident. He lacked the means to make her stay.
 Ying Hongyue's strength was much more powerful than he had imagined.
 This person was already capable of converging seven meridians, and even after meeting him, his bloodline didn't fluctuate too much.
  However, if he let her go just like that, wouldn't he be underestimating himself?
 At that moment, two items appeared on the starry sky sword again. A pair of boots and a stone saber. However, they were only afterimages.
 Li Hao hammered his heart, and a drop of golden blood slowly flowed out. It instantly gathered, and a sword intent appeared. Li Hao shouted,""Break!"
 BOOM!
 An explosion sounded!
 The two phantoms were instantly shattered, and the air trembled. In the distance, Ying Hongyue vomited blood again. Her bloodline trembled violently. She was a little shocked. She turned her head to look at Li Hao again, and Li Hao's eyes flickered with divine light.
 He looked into the distance and said coldly,'seven meridians fused ... I've underestimated you! However ... Ying Hongyue, you may be able to escape once, but you can't escape a second time. If you don't kill me today, I'll kill you tomorrow. I'll only become stronger and stronger, and you ... What are you counting on?"
 Ying Hongyue didn't look back. She was a little serious as she quickly flew away.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao, on the other hand, slashed again and again for dozens of seconds before he finally knocked the fan down.
 The fan still tried to struggle, but Li Hao's sword pierced through it!

 At this moment, it was quiet.
 Li Hao frowned and glanced in another direction. Ying Hongyue wasn't alone here just now, but the other party had gathered here instead of sending a message. They weren't at the red moon headquarters either ... Who did Ying Hongyue meet?
 There was no red shadow. Did they avoid the red shadow on purpose?
 The little old man said that Ying Hongyue said that something had happened to Jiusi, so she wanted to kill someone ... Kill me?
 It was wrong!
 If it's to kill me, there's no need for you to come so far. Do you need to hide anything from me?
 Was there anything else to hide?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was completely unnecessary!
 As long as they were told to kill Li Hao, most of them would probably be willing to do so.
 "If it's not to kill me ... Then who should I kill?"
  He even had to be so secretive and deliberately avoid the red shadow ...
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. Could it be ... To kill the red shadow?
 It was not impossible.
 Li Hao didn't expect to run into him in the wilderness, and neither did the other party. Li Hao was a little confused. Who was he here to see?
 "Yama, flying heavens? Or someone else?"
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 The three major organizations had been dominating the world ever since he had come into contact with martial arts. Even now, the three major organizations were still free and unfettered.
 These three organizations ... Were not ordinary.
 Flying sword immortal, Yama, Ying Hongyue, as well as the clear sky Mountain's Mountain Lord. These four people might have some sort of tacit understanding. No... Not only that, there was also director Zhao.
 Li Hao's heart moved.
 Director Zhao was also one of the first to discover the ruins and was one of the first to be revived.
 Ying Hongyue and the others didn't dare to be too impudent in Silver Moon. They had thought it was because of old antique's existence, but old antique couldn't come out ... Was it because of old antique or because of director Zhao's existence?
 These people must have some tacit understanding.
 Definitely!
 Many thoughts flashed through Li Hao's mind. With a sneer, the shadows of the three divine weapons shattered. At such a close distance, these divine weapons were actually connected to the bloodline power of their respective families. Ying Hongyue had suffered a heavy blow from him, and it was enough to make him suffer.
 Against others, this move was useless, but against him, it was especially targeted.
 "This guy can merge his seven meridians into one ..."
 Li Hao thought to himself. He coldly looked into the distance and instantly disappeared.
 ……
 In the distance.
  The void trembled, and Ying Hongyue's figure appeared. Her face was deathly pale, and the bloodline power in her body trembled violently. She immediately frowned, and suddenly, the shadows of a few divine weapons appeared on her body to suppress the bloodline power.  After a while, the power of the bloodline calmed down, but Ying Hongyue was still frowning. After a long time, she said in a low voice,""The starry sky sword ... Is too effective!"
 The starry sky sword in Li Hao's hand might just be a Lethal Weapon to others.
 To him, he specialized in weapons.
 It was specially used to attack him!
 In terms of strength, he was not afraid of Li Hao at all. Moreover, Li Hao was not at his peak. He was slightly stronger than the six-element but not as strong as the seven-element. However, he could only flee.
 This was closely related to the starry sky sword!
 The three divine weapons were shattered and their spirits were devoured. The starry sky sword had captured these spirits and could reform them at any time. It would then shatter and shake his bloodline, although it was not as powerful as the first time.
 But every time he met Li Hao, he would encounter the same problem.
 "This ... Can't go on."
 Ying Hongyue took a deep breath and flew away again. Li Hao had taken down the city of superpowers. The three major organizations had to leave the central region. Otherwise, they would be surrounded by Li Hao sooner or later.
 He galloped all the way until he reached a huge mountain range. He then slowed down, and the paleness on his face dissipated a little.
 A moment later, he returned to the headquarters of the red moon.
 A red cloak suddenly appeared and he smiled eerily,""The red moon leader went out?"
 Ying Hongyue's expression remained the same."I went out to check on the situation. Things did not look good. Li Hao might have taken down the superpower City. I met him near the superpower City and almost lost."
 The man with the red cloak had already sensed the turbulence in his qi and blood. He was a little shocked when he heard this,""And now, he can even defeat you?"
 "The starry sky sword is too much of a restraint on me!"
 Ying Hongyue shook her head and sighed."Who would've thought that the starry sky sword would recognize a master again after countless years? is there anyone in the Li family who can make the sword recognize a master other than the sword venerable?" It's really strange!"
 The red-cloaked man was also hesitant."It's indeed strange. The other seven divine weapons are easy to open, but the starry sky sword shouldn't be able to be opened. However ... Even if it has the Li family bloodline, it should have been sealed up forever."
 He was also puzzled.
  Ying Hongyue said in a deep voice,"did you have any other thoughts when you left the starry sky sword behind?" Otherwise, why didn't they take it away from sword city?"
 The red-cloaked man shook his head."We don't know why the eight divine weapons were leaked. Let's not talk about that. It's indeed inappropriate for the starry sky sword to be with Li Hao. We have to find a way to get it."
 They might as well find a way to kill Li Hao!
 Ying Hongyue couldn't be bothered to say more. The red-caped girl continued,"The higher-ups have agreed that the three major organizations can meet up, evacuate from this place, and find another place to station themselves ..."
 "I know."
 Ying Hongyue walked away, and the red-cloaked man couldn't help but ask,"Leader Hong Yue, the higher-ups hope that you can go back and complete the seven Meridian unification as soon as possible. Also, the Hong family's godly hammer is lost and destroyed. It's also a huge loss ..."
 "It was just an accident. What can I do?"
 “……”
 The red-cloaked man didn't say anything else. He just watched him leave with a slightly solemn expression.
 This person ... Was also a Wolf that couldn't be tamed!

 ……
 The city of supers.
 Li Hao returned. Lin Hongyu looked at him and was relieved to see that he was not injured.
 Li Hao didn't say much. He looked at the pale old man and said,""You'll be useful if you stay. Do a good job later and you'll get your benefits!"
 "Many thanks, Governor!"
 "How many people did you sense?" Li Hao asked.
 "The four of you!"
 Li Hao raised his brows. Ying Hongyue was one of them. As for the other three ... Yama, flying sword immortal, and vast sky Mountain's Mountain Lord ... If it was these three people, then they would all be here.
 Interesting!
 These guys were quite mysterious, and they were considered to be among the top of the generation back then. They were all more or less related to Silver Moon.
  To be able to establish the three major organizations, they all had their own special qualities.
 From the looks of it, it might be related to the group of traitors.
 Not only that, Ying Hongyue and the others might have other thoughts.
 Who should he kill?
 If these four were all not weak, they might be able to kill the broken undying when they worked together.
 He didn't say anything more. At this moment, these people were almost done counting.
 Lin Hongyu had some information.
 Some were filled with evil and couldn't even be hidden.
 Some of them were low-key, so Lin Hongyu did not get much information.
 After a while, the scholar Qian Wuliang ran back with a nervous look."Governor, I've already convinced some people, but ..."
 Qin Lian transmitted a few words to him.
 This guy's methods were simple. He tricked the outside world and Lin Hongyu made him the Deputy commander of the new army. Lin Hongyu would personally serve as the Marshal. He was in charge of regrouping all the scattered troops here.
 After some coaxing, he followed some people's emotions and thoughts and swallowed up some of the small groups of supers. At this moment, the supers outside were being replaced.
 Qian Wuliang said in a low voice,"commander, I've told them to camp outside the city. The others need to go through some tests. But I need some people to cooperate with me. Otherwise ... It won't be real. What do you think?"
 Li Hao nodded. He glanced at the people he had selected nearby. There were about sixty or seventy of them. Li Hao said calmly,""You guys cooperate with Qian Wuliang. It's best if you can get everyone out of the city!"
 Then, he looked at Hu Qingfeng and the others who were not far away."Put on your armor and blend in with their team. Assist them in bringing these supers out and set them up in the military camp. Quickly complete the unification of SuperPower City!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 No one dared to say anything more. They were all a little excited.
 Qian Wuliang also heaved a sigh of relief, but Li Hao continued,"After we leave the city, if you want to escape, you can try!"
 "I don't dare, I don't dare ..."
 The crowd shook their heads in fear.
 Qian Wuliang suddenly pointed at two or three people,""Sir, they don't mean what they say. They'll definitely escape when they get out!"
  At this moment, the expressions of those people changed drastically.  He was cursing in his heart!
 Animals!
 This bastard was so enthusiastic about being a dog, but he betrayed them in the blink of an eye.
 "Governor, I'm innocent ..."
 "Capture him!"
 Li Hao shouted in a low voice. The people nearby didn't care about anything else. They wouldn't die, but they didn't want to get themselves into trouble. In the blink of an eye, they were all captured!
 Qian Wuliang looked at Li Hao carefully.""Sir, I'm afraid that some people have deep thoughts and can't be investigated. Why don't we test a few more times ..."
 "No need!"
 Li Hao laughed."Do a good job. I have high hopes for you!"
 After saying that, he patted the other party's shoulder.
 Qian Wuliang felt a special force drilling into his mind. He swallowed his saliva and put on a big smile. Instead of being afraid, he felt more at ease.
 He was really afraid that Li Hao would kill all of them!
 It seemed that there was a high probability that he would not.
 "Third elder Lin will accompany them. In addition, arrange for the city guards to accompany them and watch over them first!"
 Not far away, the third elder was already convinced. With a face full of respect, he hurriedly bowed,""Yes, sir!"
 "Go!"
 The group of people walked out in a grandiose manner.
 There were still more than 200 people left, and they were all a little nervous.
 Li Hao laughed."Don't worry. Except for a few people who will die, most of the others will be fine. If it's a small mistake, it won't be a capital crime, so it's not that complicated. But if you rebel ... You'll be implicated!"
 "I don't dare!"
 Everyone responded one after another. All of them were extremely obedient. They were a group of smart people and did not dare to be rash at this moment.
  They had heard that the nine divisions and the royal family were gone, and the superpower City had become Li Hao 's. In the central region ... Li Hao was the king. If he dared to mess around, he would be courting death.
 ……
 Very quickly, the group of random soldiers in the inner city were led by those leaders and walked out of the city.
 As for some people, although they were unwilling, they heard that the remaining commanders had their own arrangements and were temporarily organizing the new army. Seeing dozens of commanders coming out, they didn't dare to say anything and quickly left with Qian Wuliang and the others to the barracks outside the city.
 That military camp had been abandoned before, but it was finally put to use.
 ……
 As the group of people left.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The threat of the city of superpower was gone.
 At this moment, Li Hao no longer kept a low profile. Ying Hongyue already knew that he was here, so there was no point in keeping a low profile.
 When the stragglers left the superpower City, Lin Hongyu's voice rang in the city,""SuperPower City has always wanted to become a Holy Land for Extraordinaries and create a peaceful place. However, it has gone against its original intention. Some transcendents don't follow orders and the law ... For the long-term development of the Heavenly Star military governor's domain, today, SuperPower City has joined the Heavenly Star military governor's office. It will obey Governor Li's orders and work hard for the golden age of the transcendents. Only Governor li has the ability to create a Golden Age of the transcendents that surpasses the ancient civilization!"

 The city of superpower fell silent.
 In the next moment, it suddenly boiled over.
 Countless people were terrified!
 What was going on?
 At this moment, Li Hao's figure appeared. His aura spread out, and his voice resounded throughout the city."Everyone, please calm down. I'm Li Hao! Li Hao welcomed Mayor Lin's willingness to lead the city to join the star sky military governor's office. From now on, the residents of the city should wait in peace and return to their houses for further arrangements. No one is to run around or break the law. Everyone in the city of superpowers will have their own arrangements! Kill all those who run away or cause trouble!"
 The city instantly became noisy. In the blink of an eye, many figures ran out. Many people were scared out of their wits!
 Some of them had just come from stellarsky city, but Li Hao was still around and had taken down SuperPower City. Were they waiting for death if they didn't run?
 However, just as he got close to the city wall, the shadows of blades, Spears, and swords appeared one after another.
 Screams reverberated through the heavens and earth.
 Tens of thousands of armored soldiers appeared on the city walls. They weren't too dense, but they were extremely chilling.
  Huang Yu held his spear and shouted coldly,""No one is allowed to leave! Return to your residence and wait for the arrangements. This place will be taken over by the Demon Hunter Army!"
 "The time limit is 15 minutes. The Demon Hunter Army will clear the city, and anyone outside the house will be killed without mercy!"
 "Brothers, we are transcendents! How can we be controlled by others? let's attack together! It's just a few thousand people ..." Someone shouted.
 Before he could finish his words, the crowd around him dispersed.
 The expression of the person who shouted changed drastically.
 He had forgotten that the troublemakers in the city had all been taken away. The tens of thousands of superhumans who dared to rebel had also been taken away. Now, the remaining transcendents were just people who could get by. How would they dare to rebel?
 One by one, they quickly ran back to their own houses and closed their doors. They were so scared that their guts were about to split open. They didn't even want to come out at this moment, let alone rebel.
 Of course, there were also some people who knew that they would definitely die if they were caught, so they rushed in all directions and fled.
 But soon, under Huang Yu's command, the soldiers were able to put out the chaos one by one. The superpowers who were causing trouble were killed on the spot.
 The huge SuperPower City became much quieter. Only a few places were in chaos.
 The remaining city guards did not dare to say anything and quickly followed the soldiers to maintain order in the city. The bustling SuperPower City became a Dead City in the blink of an eye.
 Many people wanted to send a message out, but they found that the light on their communication jades was no longer there. They couldn't even send a message, and their hearts were like dead ashes.
 Half of the 10000 soldiers started to enter the city.
 Other than the occasional battle cries, the city that was said to have the most powerful and most powerful supers in the world was as quiet as a graveyard.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had been floating in the air.
 He didn't do anything, but if there was an expert causing trouble, the stronger one would cover it with a sword light. In the blink of an eye, the other party would be killed by the sword light.
 Lin Hongyu quickly led some of her family members to various places in the city to comfort the people.
 As for the troublemakers who had been arrested, Li Hao had locked them in the earth-drilling shuttle and waited for further arrangements.
 After three hours, the city was extremely quiet.
 All the supers who were causing trouble were killed. Close to a thousand of them were killed, but it did not cause much of a commotion. They were all scattered and killed one by one. There was not a single large scale riot.
 ……
 Sky Star City.
 The people who were still busy received Li Hao's message.
 Especially Hong Yitang, who received a message: "Come and receive the superpowers and bring them back for farming. The city of superpowers has been taken down!"
 When this news came out, everyone's expression was very complicated.
 Li Hao took away some of the weaker ones to suppress the millions of supers in the superpower City. Even though the powerhouses had been killed, it was still difficult to take down the entire SuperPower City.
 However, Li Hao had only left for a day, and SuperPower City ... Was already taken!
 It was unbelievable!  Inside the inspection Office.
 Chen Zhongtian sighed,"even though I knew it was only a matter of time, there was no movement from the city of superpower. They were all suppressed so easily. It is unbelievable. So many powerhouses died before this. I was thinking that it would be a big trouble to take over them ... It seems that the so-called big trouble did not happen."
 "Lin Hongyu is out of her mind ..." Chen Yao said with a complicated expression.
 "Are you talking about your father or yourself?"
 Chen Yao was embarrassed.
 That's true!
 Our house is even more advanced than hers.
 "If you didn't enter the water, you would have died long ago!"
 Chen Zhongtian snorted and then smiled,""Believe in your father's choice. Look, after the city of supers, there are only a few organizations left in the world that still have the power to rebel. They will be suppressed one by one sooner or later!"
 Chen Yao also sighed.
 It was too fast!
 Li Hao had taken down the nine divisions, the royal family, and the city of superpowers in the blink of an eye.
 The biggest problem now was the second recovery.
 Without the second recovery, Li Hao had nothing to fear!
 ……
 At the same time.
 Far away in Silver Moon, director Zhao received a message from hou Xiaochen.
 "Be prepared. The Silver Moon riot might break out soon. Be careful of the three great organizations moving to the Silver Moon ..."
 Director Zhao was baffled!
 The second resuscitation had not even begun, so how could it explode?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Could it be that he was about to explode?
 Just as he was thinking, Huang Yu sent him a message,""Take big steps, don't hide anymore. The world is about to change, and we should ride the wind and rise. Old Zhao, don't fall behind!"
 While he was still thinking, Kong Jie's message came,""You with the surname Zhao, when I return triumphantly, who are you going to humiliate with 20 drops of the spring of life? I'll beat you up when I get back!"
 “……”
 At this moment, director Zhao's expression changed.
 All three of them had received news.
 The world had changed!
  He looked in the direction of stellarsky city, and his eyes flickered. The sky had changed.
 Could it be ... That Li Hao had taken over the nine divisions?
 How could he be so fast?
 He was in disbelief. The next moment, he said in a low voice,""Men, inform everyone to be on high alert! All of Silver moon's powerhouses were activated, and the troops stationed in the ruins were all pulled out to begin training! Quickly annihilate the Pirates in the North Sea, advance the battle line towards Linjiang, defeat the Linjiang Governor-General's Office, and advance towards the three provinces!"
 Outside, the group of people were extremely shocked.
 A war ... Was about to start!
 So fast?
 Even though he had countless thoughts, the news still spread quickly.
 Silver Moon, a storm is coming.
 Director Zhao took a deep breath and looked at the first Department. Maybe I should have a good talk with them!

 The city of superpower was successfully taken down.
 Paper can't contain fire.
 Even though the news from the outside world was not clear, there was some scattered news that had spread out. The city of supers could only be entered but not exited. The tens of thousands of supers stationed outside the city were also separated and disappeared.
 A large number of supers had gone missing, but there were still some friends and family who could be contacted in the past. Now, they could not contact those supers.
 Some of the supers who held certain duties outside had also lost contact.
 Gradually, there were some changes in the middle.
 ……
 The new year was approaching.
 It was supposed to be a lively time, but recently, the commoners of the central continent realized that be it the government or the wealthy families, they had been frighteningly quiet recently.
 It was so quiet that it was almost deathly silent.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In previous years, even if the world was in chaos, the new year would at least be very lively.
 This year, however, it was particularly deserted.
 The government did not organize any activities and the wealthy families had their doors tightly shut. In the past, superpowers could be seen flying, but recently, not even a bird could be seen in the sky.
 ……
 It was the province that was under the protection of the four cities of stellarsky city.
 The four mountains of North, South, East, and West had always been the gates to the Heavenly Star City.
 On this day.
 Nanyue province.
 At the administration Bureau.
 The governor of Nanyue looked at the few people in front of him and did not speak for a long time.
 On the other side, Nan Quan had personally arrived. Compared to before, he was more solemn. Holding the Golden Book, he said in a deep voice,""Governor of Nanyue, hear my order. From today onwards, register all the supers in the territory and wait for their deployment!"
 ? "Night patrolman, officially taking over all extraordinary Affairs in the province. Nanyue military, the troops are to be stationed here and are not to move at will. Recall the commander's seal. Anyone who rebels will be killed without mercy!"
 The governor of Nanyue's eyes revealed a hint of helplessness.
 When Li Hao came here, captured a Deputy Director, and destroyed Fengyun Pavilion, he knew that the Heavenly Star military governor's office had risen with the wind and could not be stopped.
 But ... He didn't expect this day to come so quickly.
 "Where's Secretary Zhao?"he sighed.
 As someone from the Division of Administration, he wanted to ask ...
 Even though he had some guesses in his heart.
  "When Zhao huaimin died, he gave us a name list and said that you can use it!" Of the four Peaks, the governors of the West and East peaks had been captured, and those who resisted were killed on the spot! Yao si and hou Xiaochen will be the ones executing it. If you think you can kill me as a sacrifice, then you can try!"  The governor of Nanyue sighed and lowered his head.
 The nine divisions ... Were really gone.
 The governors of the four Peaks were all overlords. The governor of the East Peak had sided with the imperial family, while the governor of the West Peak had sided with the military law Department. Now ... They all had the same ending. They would be captured on the spot and killed if they resisted.
 He had joined the Division of Administration, and he had a good ending. Obviously, Zhao huaimin had helped him.
 Even though that person was already dead.
 He didn't say anything. He cupped his hands in the direction of Heavenly Star City. It was unknown whether he was thanking Li Hao or Zhao huaimin, even though the latter was already dead.
 Nan Quan looked at him coldly without saying a word.
 The people from the Governor-General's mansion were all scared witless.
 On the other hand, the head of the night patrolman branch was a little excited.
 Last time, he was already very regretful that he didn't get to flatter them. This time, the southern Fist was here. To the outside world, the southern Fist was still known as the governor of the southern governor's office.
 "Don't worry, Governor he. Whoever dares to cause trouble will be executed without mercy. The Nanyue night patrollers will definitely protect you!"
 Nan Quan glanced at him and didn't say much. He threw the Golden Book to the governor and said in a deep voice,""In addition, from today onwards, make preparations for the cheaper prices of materials in the province. Be ready to open the warehouses and release grain at any time to settle down the refugees in various places! The star military governor's office will arrange for people to come and get in touch with them. In a world of extraordinary beings, it would be a huge joke if civilians were to starve to death!"
 A group of transcendents who could do anything, yet they starved the commoners to death. This was indeed a huge joke.
 "Understood!" The governor of Nanyue took a deep breath.
 "One last thing ..." Nan Quan continued.
 "Capture these people on the spot, and kill anyone who resists!"
 The governor of Nanyue received the name list, and his expression changed slightly. Behind him, even though the group of people did not see it, they were also sweating profusely.
  Who would be on the list?
 Nanyue's Governor glanced at it and knew what was going on. He sighed in his heart again. Li Hao, Oh Li Hao ... I thought you would be soft-hearted this time, but ... I was wrong.
 "One last thing ..."
 The governor of Nanyue could not help but look at him. 'Just now, you said one last thing, and now there's more. Do you not know how to count?
 Nan Quan didn't care about this and continued,""In a few days, the sky screen department of the governor's office will come here to install the sky screen. Do your best to cooperate."
 "Sky screen?"
 "Right!"
 Nan Quan nodded and grinned. He was a little cold."The governor wants to open up the world's communication system so that information will be unobstructed and we can directly talk to the civilians of the world! In the transcendent world, it would be a huge joke if one's orders could not leave stellarsky city! "Also, start building schools all over the world. Choose a location first, then build ..."
 The governor of Nanyue could not help but say,"it's freezing cold. It's a joke to recruit people for military service now. Many people will die!"
 He had endured it before, but this time, he couldn't hold it in anymore. He was a little annoyed."Building schools is a good thing. We all know that education comes first. It can open the minds of the people. No one is stupid and we all understand the logic behind it. The governor might have good intentions, but he has to understand that it can not be achieved overnight ..."

 The people behind him were all trembling.
 The southern Fist looked like it could kill a Governor with one punch.
 Nan Quan glanced at him and said after a while,""Who told you that we're recruiting people? Who said anything about military service?"
 Nan Quan snorted,"in a few days, a group of supers will arrive. There are about a thousand of them. The southern mountain military will cooperate with the operation. Not only will they build the school, but they will also build refugee camps, roads, and everything else ... As long as it can be repaired, do it for me!"
 “……”
 Everyone was stunned.
 "What?" the governor of Nanyue was also stunned.
 "Superhuman, don't you understand?"
 Nan Quan laughed."Now, there are too many supers. The nine divisions organization has more than 100000 supers and the city of supers has more than a million supers. The uncountable number of supers have nowhere to go and nowhere to use. The governor is going to do a irrigation project and use this winter to transform the entire Heavenly Star! "A thousand men from Nanyue will come first. All of you must cooperate well, mainly with food. Of course, the military governor will send rations over ... But Nanyue must also be prepared in case of chaos!"
 Everyone was dumbfounded.
  From the day supers appeared, supers were the upper class.
 However, today ... The superpowers were here to work.
 Repair roads, repair schools, repair everything.
 This ...
 It was simply humiliating.
 "Let the supers do such a thing?" the governor of Nanyue could not help but ask.
 "Of course!"
 "They work fast and well," Nan Quan said matter-of-factly,"as long as they don't deliberately damage the road, it won't break even after a hundred years!" The houses that were built would be warm in winter and cool in summer, wind-proof and earthquake-proof, and could even reverse the weather on a small scale in some rainy and snowy days. It's such a waste if they don't build the roads and bridges. "
 艹!
 Everyone was cursing in their hearts. What a waste. Was this even human?
 The governor of Nanyue took a deep breath, almost sucking out all the air in the vicinity. He said in a low voice,""Governor, aren't you afraid of ... Causing unrest in the supernatural realm?"
 It was good, but Li Hao's method of enslaving superpowers could easily cause a huge uproar.
 This made the superpowers feel that Li Hao was humiliating and exploiting them.
 "What are you afraid of? It's not like I'm not paying, and I'm not doing this for free!"
 Nan Quan grinned,'whoever helps will be supplied with divine power! It's just changing from fighting to building roads and bridges. It's much safer. Do you think all superpowers are willing to fight? Do you think that everyone is an idiot? There will always be people who are willing, and those who aren't willing ... There will naturally be ways to deal with them!"
 The governor of Nanyue felt a little more at ease when he heard that mysterious energy was provided.  But ... Wouldn't that be too wasteful?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He thought to himself and quickly asked,""Is this the case in southern mountains, or is it the case for all of them?"
 "The 22 Central provinces are all the same. This time, they're using more than 30000. This is only the first batch, and they're the more obedient ones."
 Nan Quan smiled."Those who don't listen still need a little training. We'll do it step by step. As time passes, there will be more and more people."
 The first batch of supers was not too many.
 About thirty thousand people.
 Compared to the millions of superpowers, it was a small number.
 However, these people were also the first batch selected. They were the more docile and obedient kind.
 They did not commit any evil deeds. During the three months of service, they could provide mysterious energy. They were slightly weaker. Now that they had been selected from the city of superpower, they could move freely after three months.
 It was said that the city of supers almost broke their heads to fight for the 30000 spots.
 Everyone couldn't wait to get to work!
 After all, it was only three months. Many people were afraid that they would be scared to death if they were locked up in the superpower City for another three months.
 The governor of Nanyue was also convinced at this moment. He sighed softly,""Governor ... Wise!"
 It was winter and thousands of superpowers were deployed to this place. Even though there were not many of them, the work that thousands of superpowers could do was better than tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of ordinary people. However, with hundreds of thousands of ordinary people serving in the cold, it would be strange if thirty percent of them did not die!
 However, superpowers ... It was almost impossible to use them as much as possible.
  These tens of thousands of supers were equivalent to millions of civilian workers.
 "Don't forget that the local military must also participate and cooperate with us. Do what you can and don't let them idle. If they're idle and full of energy, it's easy for problems to arise! At this stage, the governor is not prepared to make a big move ... But if the military is in turmoil, the governor should know the consequences!"
 "I understand!" The governor of Nanyue nodded.
 Nan Quan grinned."That's good. As the gateway to the southern mountains, I've said what I have to say!" "Whether you can do it or not ... It's up to you. After killing a group of people, if you lack manpower, report it as soon as possible. We'll think of a way to replenish it!"
 "Understood!"
 Nanquan didn't say anything more and walked away. Behind him, the branch head couldn't help but say,""Since the governor won't be staying for a while longer, I'll do my best as the host ..."
 Nan Quan turned around and grinned like a devil.""You don't look like a night patrol. Last time, someone said that when the military governor came here, you turned around and started sucking up to him, using his family to threaten the high officials of Nanyue ..."
 The Minister's face changed and he hurriedly said,""You've misunderstood, commander. I'm just ..."
 "I didn't say you did anything wrong!"
 Nan Quan laughed."However, you are a despicable man. You are not qualified to be the head of the night patrollers, but you are quite capable ... When the supers enter the borders, you will be in charge of supervising them. Governor li places great importance on this matter. If you do it well, you will get many benefits. If you don't do it well, you may lose your life!"

