fileno%d
hern Fist could tell, let alone the others.
 Everyone looked at each other and nodded. These eight had the intention of luring them into the chase.
 It was obvious that the people in the ruins were not weak.
 It might be very dangerous to go in now.
 They also picked up some tokens from the corpses. These things were probably the pass to enter. Some ruins still required a pass to enter, so they couldn't enter rashly.
 The other party had even prepared a prohibition token.
 Li Hao chuckled. Did she think that he might not be able to resist the temptation and enter?
 However, he had come here to enter.
 This saved him a lot of trouble!
 "Since you're so kind ... Then let's go in!"
  As Li Hao spoke, a huge shield appeared in his hand. It was the sky-covering shield.
 It was a military treasure that was specially used to block the attack from the summit.
 Outside, he didn't want to reveal too much of his strength. Plus, with director Wang around, it wasn't too convenient. Now that the other party allowed him to enter, how could he not enter?
 "Director Wang, black demon, white demon, the three of you will stand in front ... After we enter, everyone will have one mission, kill! When you see them, kill them all, leave no one alive!"
 "Be careful," Li Hao said in a deep voice."The enemy might have many experts. There'll be a great battle after we kill these guys. Don't lose your lives here!"
 Everyone nodded.
 "Your teacher didn't come?" Hong Yitang suddenly asked.
 He had said that Yuan Shuo would come when they destroyed Fengyun Pavilion.
 "I'm currently cultivating. "
 His teacher had already turned into a cocoon and couldn't come now. Li Hao didn't have the time to wait for his teacher to come out of seclusion.
 No one said anything else. Li Hao opened his giant shield and threw out his token. With the three ancient people as the vanguard, they began to enter the relic!
 ……
 In the sky above the ruins.
 As the eight retreated, the Fengyun Pavilion master frowned when she saw their sorry state. These people who had been trained later on were simply not good enough. In her memory, the eight were extremely elite.
 How could he be so weak and incompetent? he didn't usually show it, but once he was in battle, it would be a little chaotic.
 That's right, these people had all entered from outside the ruins. Some of them had been trained since young, but almost none of them had experienced any battle.
 To many people, this was the first time they had fought against the star military governor.
 "Will they come in?"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master murmured. These pieces of trash didn't even know how to lure people.
 He felt that it would be very difficult to lure people in with just these guys.
 Just as he was thinking, his eyes suddenly moved.
 Below, the Midgard Guardian's expression changed slightly.""They really dare to enter ..."
 The Fengyun Pavilion master saw that many people were about to attack, so she hurriedly shouted,""Wait a minute, the first one must be the vanguard. Let them in first, don't be in a hurry to attack!"
 At this moment, he was overjoyed.
 He really came?  Of course, the first batch to enter might just be Scouts. Unless the danger was not great, they would not dare to continue. He quickly said,""All of you, hide! Other than the eight, everyone else ... Retreat!"
 As everyone left, the midgardian Guardian said worriedly,""Pavilion master, if the other party has really entered, does he have some confidence?"
 "It's just a few monster plant origin avatars!"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master sneered,"what else can it be?" At the moment, those storage rings can't hold more powerful origin avatars!"
 This wasn't li Hao's lair, but his.
 Those people had come from outside and were fighting in an away field, which limited their strength.
 "Are you scared, protector?"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master frowned,'I've raised you all to this day. Do you think you're afraid of a few modern martial masters? Then what's the point of raising you!"
 He was somewhat dissatisfied.
 The other party's strength was clear for all to see, but how many resources had these people consumed?
 In order to nurture this group of fellows, a few monster plants in the city had completely fallen into a deep sleep. More than half of the savings in the city had been used up, and there was not much left.
 The three protectors said no more.
 What the pavilion master said was true. At this stage, the strongest person in the other party only had a few peak avatars. However, everyone was still a little uneasy because the other party was really too bold.
 He actually dared to directly charge into the ruins.
 Were the people from the star military governor's office that stupid?
 Or did he think that he could take down Fengyun Pavilion with just a few clones?
 Even though he did not understand, at this moment, the air kept fluctuating.
 Everyone knew that the other party was really crossing the ruins and entering it.
 With the appearance of a huge shield, the Fengyun Pavilion master's eyes flickered. The sky-covering shield was interesting.
 He didn't let anyone attack.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, behind the shield, director Wang was also surprised. No one attacked?
 That was a good thing!
 "They seem to be waiting for us to enter!"
 "What an arrogant guy!" Li Hao laughed.
  The Fengyun Pavilion master thought he was arrogant, but Li Hao thought the other was.
 He didn't even stop them!
 However, the other party was trying to lure him in, so it was normal for him not to stop him. He would be in for a good time later!
 ……
 Both sides felt that the other side was too arrogant.
 As the shield entered the relic, the Fengyun Pavilion master thought that there would only be some vanguards. However, when the shield entered the relic and the aura rose, he suddenly laughed.
 "Li Hao!"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master could not help but emerge from the darkness."This is so interesting! You actually came in. Li Hao, this is the first time I've seen such a reckless guy!"
 "Venerable white, seal the city!"
 "Break!" He shouted. The next moment, thousands of branches appeared and blocked the entrance in the sky.

 At this moment, Li Hao's group had all entered. They didn't care that the entrance was blocked.
 Li Hao also appeared. He looked around and saw many people. Finally, he looked at the pavilion master and laughed."I thought there was something amazing about him. It turns out that he's just a pretty boy!"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master looked at him calmly.
 This reckless fellow!
 Venerable white was currently sealing off the entrance. Later on, none of them would be able to escape. He was afraid that if he attacked now, these guys would still have a chance to escape.
 He had seen Li Hao's portrait before, and he recognized this arrogant guy at a glance.
 He did not get angry, only a little regretful.""You're looking for death. If it weren't for the trouble you've caused outside, Fengyun Pavilion wouldn't have appeared so quickly. Originally, they would only leave after the second awakening, but I didn't expect you to come here to die!"
 Seeing that the entrance to the ruins had been sealed by venerable white, a powerful force rose from his body in the next moment. With a hint of mockery and disdain, he said,""Li Hao, release those monster plants 'origin clones! I would also like to see if these useless monster plants and their origin source avatars would dare to attack me. "
 At this moment, Li Hao also raised his eyebrows slightly.
 Was this ... The absolute peak?
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Or seven elements?
 This guy, no wonder he was so arrogant.
 As for director Wang, he concealed his aura and looked at this person suspiciously. Then, he looked at the White Tree that appeared in the void in the distance. He seemed to have thought of something and his expression changed slightly.
 Not only that, but at this moment, several experts also revealed their auras and appeared around the Fengyun Pavilion master. Three guardians and one of the eight commanders also had powerful auras.
 There were five of them, and all of them probably had seven elemental powers.
 No wonder this guy was so arrogant and thought that Li Hao's group was courting death.
 Jiang Yingli also tilted her head and looked at the other party. Suddenly, she looked confused and surprised. She sent a mental message to Li Hao."Strange, this guy looks familiar."
 It looked familiar!
 Ancient people?
 Li Hao was surprised. How could the ancient people live until now?
 Or could it be that like director Wang, it was revived later?
 Li Hao was a little surprised to see so many seven-element cultivators in Fengyun Pavilion. Before he came, he had mainly been on guard against monster plants. The other party did have monster plants, and the White Tree's aura was not weak.
 At this moment, the Fengyun Pavilion master smiled and said calmly,""Li Hao, now do you know why the Fengyun Pavilion can control everything? If you were willing to surrender in the past, I would have given you a chance to live, but now ... I find you very annoying!"
 His aura was extremely powerful. He walked toward Li Hao with a hint of mockery and disdain.
 However, when he saw director Wang, he was slightly suspicious.
 He looked a little ... Familiar.
 However, he didn't care too much. He chuckled and said,""Let's do it. You guys kill all these guys. I haven't fought in a long time. I can play with Li Hao!"
 As soon as he said that, a large number of powerhouses appeared from all directions and attacked!
 The Fengyun Pavilion master looked at Li Hao and said with a smile,""Li Hao, are you willing to chat with me? It's been a long time since I've seen a stranger, I'm willing to chat with you so that you can die willingly!"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows. This guy was more arrogant than he thought.
 He didn't say anything. He stepped on the air and flew into the distance.
 The wind cloud Pavilion master also smiled and said,""I'll leave this place to you all. Train yourselves well. The three great protectors will hold the line. These people are the best training targets for the eight!"
 "Yes!"
 The three great protectors responded. At this moment, they completely ignored the Silver Moon Martial Master.
 They had the right to be arrogant.
 "Let's play with them," Li Hao said."Don't be in a hurry to kill them. I'll have a chat with the pretty boy!"  He was rather curious and curious.
 ,m Of course, the most important thing was that he didn't see the Feng Yun treasure mirror or its replica. Li Hao followed the man and said with a smile,""It's boring to chat. Why don't you take me to your book of wind and cloud? Or is it on you?"  "You want to see this?"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master laughed,"fine!" By the way, do you have a divine energy stone? If there is, I'll let you experience it so that you won't die in vain. Anyway, your things are all mine, aren't they?"
 This was the first time Li Hao had seen someone more confident than him!
 It was a little strange. He smiled and did not say anything.
 What a confident fellow!
 Even the ancient civilization powerhouses weren't as arrogant and confident as this guy.
 The two of them left quickly, making director Wang and the others feel weird. In the next moment, a battle broke out. Director Wang didn't do anything and just observed the tree from afar. He was a little confused.
 He might have seen this tree before.
 But ... When he had seen it before, this tree was a Saint-level expert. Was this the one he had seen?
 In the land of Silver Moon, other than the eight main cities, there were no saint-level monster plants in other places.
 However, if this tree was the same as the one from back then ... Then it would be an existence at the level of a Saint.
 It was the Fengyun tower's Guardian monster plant.
 He thought to himself.
 Behind him, the two puppets were also communicating with each other."That person just now, doesn't he look like that ... That Hong Tu?"
 "It's a little similar ... But Hongtu is much stronger than him. Besides, Hongtu has left the land of Silver Moon long ago, right?"
 "That's true. Besides, Hongtu is also cultivating the Orthodox Dao. This guy seems to be cultivating ... The current martial Dao and super Dao."
 The two golems were extremely puzzled as well.
 ……
 At this moment, the Fengyun Pavilion master landed in front of a Hall with Li Hao. She said with a smile,""It's been a long time since I've met a stranger. I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Hongtu. I'm not a lucky person who obtained the inheritance by accident as you think. I'm the real master of Fengyun tower!"
 "Li Hao, you're lucky to be by my side. Many years ago, a nobody like you didn't even have the right to get close to me."
 Li Hao laughed,"not qualified?" Is there a time when the Li family is not qualified?"
 "The Li family?"
 Hongtu laughed."Even your ancestor, venerable the sword, had only just stepped into the venerable sovereign realm in the past. Do you think he's very strong?" As expected, one's vision determines the future. You will never be able to imagine how glorious my family was back then!"
  Li Hao glanced at him and suddenly said,""You ... Are the reincarnated ancient, right? It's not his body that has been resurrected, but his mind power as well?"
 Hongtu was slightly startled. He looked back and saw the red light flickering in Li Hao's eyes. He suddenly laughed."Interesting! The sword eye! However ... You're very weak. It seems that you've indeed obtained some special bloodline inheritance of the Li family. Unfortunately ... You're too weak!"
 The sword eye!
 Li Hao's heart moved, what is a sword eye?
 "In the past, your ancestor, the sword venerable, was extremely powerful. However, he could not use his sword for long. Later on, he developed the sword eye, which could see through illusions and the weakness of the enemy. Coupled with his sword technique, he could kill with one strike. This was the function of the sword eye. Otherwise, if he could not kill the enemy with one strike, your ancestor would be the one to die ..."
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. Sword eye!
 He had been thinking about what had happened to his eyes. So that was the case!
 The true essence of the Li family's sword eye was to see through the weakness and kill in one blow.
 He had been using it to judge a person's strength all this time, but he had never really seen the enemy's weakness.
 I've gained knowledge!

 The Hongtu in front of him was arrogant.
 Li Hao was actually very confused. Why was this so?
 Was there a problem with resurrection?
 However, director Wang did not seem to have changed much. Could it be that the method of resurrection was different? however, the powerhouses of the ancient civilization, such as the Saint from Yuanping martial arts university, were full of rejection and disdain for the resurrection of spiritual power.
 Then, why did Hongtu choose such a method?
 Li Hao felt that this person's situation was similar to Yuming 's. His spirit power was mixed.
 Li Hao could sense that his opponent was quite powerful.
 At this moment, the two of them had already entered the hall. Li Hao saw the bronze mirror at a glance. It was huge and stood in the hall. It had not been put into the other party's body or storage ring.
 "See that?" Hongtu smiled. This is what you're looking for. "
 "You knew I was looking for this?"
  "You've been keeping an eye on Fengyun Pavilion, haven't you been looking for this item?"
 Hongtu sneered."Of course, you're not the only one eyeing this item. Many others want it as well. However ... Why don't you think about it? do you even have the right to be in charge of the assistant Feng Yun mirror?"
 Deputy head Examiner?
 Li Hao wasn't too surprised that it was indeed a replica of the book of wind and cloud, but he was still a little confused.""You brought me here just to see this?"
 "It's not just that,"
 Hongtu laughed and looked at Li Hao.""You're not a neo martial human!"
 Nonsense!
 Hongtu laughed again."You have the bloodline of the Li family and aren't a neo martial human. That means you're a powerhouse of the new generation. I realized that you're not that afraid of me, so you should have some confidence. Perhaps you're not afraid of my seven elements at all, right?"
 "I see that there are still two puppets in your team ... They're somewhat similar to neo martial puppets and may be from Yuanping martial Sciences University ... So You Think that the eight outside might not be able to take them down, right?"
 “……”
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows. The arrogant Hongtu seemed to have sobered up again.
 Hongtu laughed."My mind is always clear, but sometimes it's not. When you dared to enter this place, I knew that you weren't simple. I realized that perhaps you've brought other experts with you. The guy at the front seems familiar to me. Perhaps he's from the same era as me ... I don't remember who he is. Perhaps he's just a small character, or his strength isn't ordinary ... But with venerable white here, there won't be any problems for a while."
 Li Hao took a few steps back. Hong Tu waved his hand, and the door to the hall closed.
 He looked at Li Hao and chuckled."I asked you to come here just now. Weren't you very confident? didn't you just follow me?" What was there to be afraid of? The wind and cloud Deputy mirror is right here. If you want to take it, then take it!"
  Li Hao shook his head and frowned. He suddenly said,""When I see you, I don't know why ... But I feel that you and I are very similar. Don't you think it's strange?"  "It's not strange. "
 Hongtu laughed."Not at all. Do you know why I didn't choose to retain my psyche back then? instead, I chose to be reborn." Don't you think I know that there are a lot of problems? I'm not that stupid ... But I still chose to do this ... Don't you think it's interesting?"
 Li Hao kept retreating. At this moment, he felt uneasy.
 It was a subconscious move to come here with the other party.
 When he saw Hongtu, he seemed to see himself.
 Yes, pride, arrogance ...
 In fact, he didn't think so.
 He had been very careful before. Logically speaking, he should have asked director Wang to kill this guy and not enter this place alone.
 The other party was a seven-element cultivator, or even stronger.
 Li Hao felt a little uneasy and scared.
 Why was it like this?
 Hongtu, on the other hand, had an indifferent expression on his face. He walked straight up to the throne in the main hall and sighed."I thought that after the second recovery, I would be able to get out of here, and this world would be mine!"
 "But when I saw you, I knew ... That my previous worries were right. Why do you think I've been targeting you?"
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao took a deep breath. The energy of the five elements in his body rotated. The force of heaven and earth had been isolated. He wrapped himself with the five Forces and finally felt a little more awake.
 Yes, he didn't seem to be very clear-headed before.
 When Li Hao met this guy who was somewhat similar to him in character, Li Hao suddenly felt a little relaxed, as if he didn't care about the people in the world.
 Upon hearing Hongtu's words, Li Hao seemed to realize something. He took a deep breath and said,""The consciousness of the world? No... Or rather, you reincarnated instead of being resurrected to become the new master of this world, right?"
 Hongtu laughed,"you're very smart!" Or rather, your subconscious is telling you. "
 He nodded and said,"that's right!" This world is actually a small world separated from the origin world and is closely related to it. Back then, the human Emperor didn't destroy this world because he wanted to give it to your Li family's ancestor. "
 "Countless years ago, the human King divided the main world into three. He had one, Emperor Cang had one, and the world's experts had one. Thus, even if the world's experts joined forces, they could at most be evenly matched with the human King."
 Li Hao was shocked!
 "Therefore, it's almost impossible for the future generations to surpass the human King," Hongtu continued."But ... Everything changed very quickly, and that was the Silvermoon world!"
 "This was given to your ancestor by the human King. However, for some reason, your ancestor was unable to devour it, or was unwilling to devour it, or perhaps he was too proud to do so. The Silver Moon had existed for thousands of years, but it was still the Silver Moon ... Until something happened and the sword Master left. The Silver Moon was sealed and became an item without an owner. No one could suppress this world anymore."

 "I didn't have such thoughts at first, and I didn't dare to have such thoughts either. However, when the Stargate was sealed ... I knew that my chance had come!" Hongtu laughed.
 Li Hao looked at him, his eyes wavering.
 The opportunity had come!
 "Devouring the world?"
 "Yeah!"
 Hongtu chuckled and nodded."Not being resurrected is the pride of a neo martial artist. In fact, I'm not interested in being resurrected either. This weak body, this weak spirit, compared to me back then, it's too much worse!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "But ... When the energy of heaven and earth was extinguished, I knew that it would recover sooner or later. When heaven and earth recovered, everything about neo martial would be destroyed and everything would start from scratch. Countless years of silence would make heaven and earth Reborn! "Eliminate the influence of neo martial and start from scratch. At that time, it will be an opportunity!"
 Li Hao understood at this moment. He looked at Hongtu and frowned."Opportunity ... The opportunity you're talking about is to become the master of this world?"
 "En!"
  Hongtu nodded."You don't understand. In fact, worlds are ignorant, especially new worlds like this. They're even more ignorant. At this time, if a genius who fits his orthodoxy appears in the world, such a person can easily control the world, replace the world's consciousness, and become the master of the world. Even if you're the master of a small world, you're still the master of a world, and a small world is related to the main world. If something happens to the main world, the human king and emperor Cang will be gone ... Then the main world and the small world will be closely related, and you can even replace the human King and the others to become the true master of the world!"
 Li Hao let out a sigh of relief. He recalled the scene he saw that day. Was the blood Emperor talking to the world or to himself?
 Also, this world was a gift from the human Emperor to the Li family.
 When he was outside, he had also integrated into the great momentum of heaven and earth.
 All sorts of thoughts emerged in his mind. He knew why he felt uncomfortable and unhappy after seeing the Hongtu, as if it was looking at him.
 Li Hao finally understood!
 "So, all these years, you reincarnated in order to become a human of the new era and completely integrate yourself into it. You want to rise in the new era and become a unique existence, dominate the world, and devour the world, right?"
 Hongtu nodded and smiled."That's right, but ... Actually, when you first rose up, I already felt that it was inappropriate. It doesn't matter how strong the older generation of new martial artists are. So what if they're strong? However, I'm most worried about the rise of the new generation. For example, you rose too quickly. It reminds me of a person ... The human King!"
 He looked at Li Hao."That's why I wanted to see if you're a resurrected neo martial artist or a real modern human. In the end, I saw you. You're a modern human."
 He shook his head regretfully."The moment I saw you, I knew why I've been so uneasy recently. I even wavered a little. I also know why I vaguely feel that I can't integrate into the world and become someone blessed by the heavens."
 "Because ... This world has a new choice!"
 Hongtu laughed helplessly."You're the New World, the new choice of the ignorant world's consciousness. Because of what you've done, it feels that you're more suitable than me. This won't do. If that's the case, my resurrection back then will really become a joke. I've paid too much for this. Otherwise, I would have had a chance to leave the land of Silver Moon and not be a prisoner here ..."  Li Hao frowned and didn't speak.
 Looking around, his eyes lit up.
 He knew that perhaps the other party had deliberately played dumb to lure him here.
 The mirror in the hall gave him a very dangerous feeling.
 Hongtu sat on a chair and looked at Li Hao. After a long time, he suddenly said,""You've reached the seven-element level, right?"
 Li Hao was speechless.
 p "There must be something special about you since you can survive in the outside world so peacefully. Li Hao, how about this? tell me everything you've done, and I won't kill you. You're blessed by the heavens ..."  Li Hao looked at him and suddenly smiled. He shook his head."No, I'm not someone blessed by the heavens! "Hongtu, you may have many thoughts, but you're wrong about one thing. All the blessings are earned by one's own efforts, not by counting on free lunch to fall from the sky! I'm where I am today because I fought for it, not because I'm waiting for the so-called blessings of heaven and earth. From this point of view, you're actually ... Not that great!"
 Hongtu looked at him coldly for a long time before he laughed."You don't know how to appreciate favors, this isn't a good thing!"
 "You expect the people outside to deal with venerable white and the others and come to save you? Since I've brought you here, don't even think about leaving!"
  Hongtu didn't say anything more to Li Hao and threw a punch at him!
 It wasn't the ancient martial arts golden body or the great Dao of origins, but the power of a divine power.
 However, his opponent's divine power was different from others. This punch seemed to pierce through space, invisibility, darkness, and all kinds of divine powers. When Hongtu punched, Li Hao disappeared.
 But at this moment, the mirror suddenly burst out with a faint light!
 In an instant, a beam of light enveloped Li Hao in the dark hall and forced him out.
 "Why don't you guess why I'm killing you here?"
 At this moment, mirrors appeared in all directions, and there was only one person in the mirror-Li Hao.
 Hongtu, on the other hand, had disappeared without a trace, leaving only his voice.
 "Li Hao, you must really want to kill me. The moment you saw me, you probably felt a similar feeling, because ... I'm also invading the world and want to become the master of this world."

 "Thank you. If you didn't appear, I might have been slowly corroded by this world and eventually turned into an unconscious consciousness of the world ..."
 Hongtu's laughter rang out.
 In an instant, a pair of fists appeared in the countless mirrors, all of which were aimed at Li Hao!
 BOOM!
 The Golden armor on Li Hao's body instantly shattered. Li Hao wanted to jump into the air, but he had no way to escape.
 At this moment, Li Hao was still shaking his head.
 He felt that it was inappropriate!
 Something was not right. He felt a little muddled. After entering this place, he had been like this and his mind was not clear.
 In the mirror, countless li Haos appeared.
 In the next moment, li Haos in all the mirrors were attacked at the same time. BOOM!
  The armor on Li Hao's body was shattered, revealing his weak body. He was bleeding profusely from the attack.
 Li Hao swung his sword!
 A boom could be heard as one of the mirrors shattered, and then more appeared.
 "Li Hao, stop struggling! It's impossible to escape from the Deputy wind and cloud Mirror with only the power of seven elements. You're destined to die the moment you enter the wind and cloud tower! This is heaven's will. Even the heavens are hesitating about who is the one it has chosen, which is why you and I are both disturbed. "
 Li Hao kept dodging, flashing in the hall and avoiding the mirror's reflection, but it was useless.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The world will was interfering?
 Choose one?
 Li Hao suddenly sneered."Interference my ass! Who cares about the heavens?"
 "Li Hao ... You're indeed arrogant!"
 p Hongtu's voice rang out once more with a hint of a smile."Then ... You can go to hell!"  In an instant, Hong Tu appeared and struck out with his palm!
 BOOM!
 With a loud sound, the world seemed to have exploded. Li Hao suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood. In an instant, the blood illuminated the world and the blade glowed. With a boom, Hong Tu was forced back!
 A saber intent swept across the world.
 Hongtu's bewildered voice rang out."Saber intent ... Aren't you a sword cultivator?"
 Li Hao closed his eyes and recalled what he had seen that day.
 Even the heavens were afraid of the blood Emperor.
 That day, he had seen the blood Emperor cut open the heaven and earth with a blade. He had been puzzled at that time. Why would he see such a scene? today ... He had some understanding.
 The heavens were not to be feared!
 It was just a muddleheaded and unconscious existence, and man could overcome the heavens.
 The blood Emperor was actually telling the people who saw the scene that there was no need to be afraid of the so-called heaven. The world's consciousness was nothing.
 The blade light shot out!
 Li Hao used his sword as a saber and slashed out!
  "Break!"  BOOM!
 With a loud noise, a large number of mirrors shattered. Hongtu, however, was extremely surprised. The next moment, more mirrors appeared and continued to lock onto Li Hao, but he still disappeared.
 "Li Hao, it's useless to struggle!"
 At this moment, Li Hao walked out of all the mirrors.
 As Li Hao slashed out, the countless li Haos suddenly charged at him at the same time. The same sword intent and the same saber intent seemed to have duplicated countless li Haos.
 "You're just one person, and right now, all of these li Haos are you ... The most difficult thing for a person to defeat is themselves. Li Hao, you may be able to defeat one of yourself, but what about countless of you?"
 Hongtu's laughter reverberated through the air.
 "This is the foundation of the Hong family. Even after countless years, it is not something a newcomer like you can replace!"
 At this moment, Li Hao felt the threat of death.
 Outside the hall, there seemed to be a scream.
 In the outside world, a battle seemed to have broken out as well.
 A scene from the outside world suddenly appeared on the mirror. The southern Fist was instantly pierced through by a big tree and died!
 Li Hao's expression changed.
 In the next moment, the mirror changed. Director Wang punched out, causing the heavens to collapse and the earth to crack. However, a large tree turned into an old man with white hair and a white beard. He lightly struck out with his palm, causing director Wang to instantly retreat and his body to crack.
 "You're counting on this person, right?"
 "But you're wrong, Li Hao. Venerable white is a Saint, while this person ... Is only an undying!"
 "As long as you are willing to hand over everything, including these special words, I will not kill you. It is your honor to serve the Hong family ..."
 Li Hao looked at the mirror. At this moment,"li Haos" were charging at him from all directions.
 This Hongtu was interfering with him.
 As he watched the Silver Moon martial masters die one after another, Li Hao suddenly felt extremely agitated. In the next moment, he roared, and while Hong Tu was still in a daze, rays of blood-red light suddenly burst out of Li Hao's body!
 Countless superpower locks appeared!
 At that moment, at least a dozen of the Super locks were broken.
  "Everything is just an illusion! Do you really think I'm an idiot?"
 Li Hao shouted, and his aura instantly skyrocketed. His body began to crack, but in an instant, Li Hao was enveloped by countless springs of life. His whole body was soaked in the spring of life.
 "You're afraid, you've been afraid since the beginning. You want to break my heart of martial arts?"
 Li Hao sneered."You're just a fake Martial Master. Why do you have to pretend?!"
 In that instant, he broke through a superpower lock in the depths of his head and his entire body seemed to have exploded!
 However, he didn't care. This was something he had expected.
 If he encountered any danger, he would break the superpower lock without hesitation.
 The moment the skull was unlocked, Li Hao's aura soared. A special divine will burst out. At this moment, Li Hao seemed to see the starry sky!
 The mirror shards in front of him shattered one by one!
 The starry sky sword slashed out!

 BOOM!
 With a loud sound, a mirror was sent flying by Li Hao. With a bang, Hongtu, who was holding the mirror, was sent flying. Blood flowed from his mouth as he looked at Li Hao in disbelief.
 How was that possible?
 "Impossible!"
 Hongtu was in disbelief. Li Hao panted heavily. Countless streams of the spring of life enveloped him, healing the wounds that kept appearing on his body. His eyes were bloodshot.
 "I see!" Li Hao looked at the other party and smiled.
 From the beginning to the end, he had fallen into the illusion created by the other party. The other party's spiritual power was very strong, and through this mirror, he seemed to have captured himself.
 But now, he had broken it!
 The mirror was a little dim.
 It was obvious that he had used up a lot of his energy as well. Hongtu's face turned even paler as he sighed."I've underestimated you!"
  "You've underestimated me!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything more. Divine runes appeared and turned into a long sword in the blink of an eye. He slashed out!
 BOOM!
 A ray of light appeared on the mirror, and with a boom, the divine rune attack was destroyed!
 Li Hao disappeared in an instant. Holding the mirror in his hand, Hongtu hurriedly looked into the mirror and saw Li Hao floating above his head. Hongtu then threw a backhanded punch at Li Hao's head!
 BOOM!
 Li Hao reappeared in an instant. With a boom, he crashed into the roof and spat out a mouthful of blood. Frowning slightly, he looked at Hongtu.
 With the mirror, he could not avoid it no matter how he tried to hide or escape.
 Why?
 A myriad of thoughts ran through his mind as he thought of something. Vitality!
 Yes, Li Hao understood.
 Because he was still alive, as long as he was alive, this thing would be able to capture him.
 Especially now, with so many springs of life continuously repairing his physical body, it was even more obvious, so the shadow on the mirror was even clearer.
 Hongtu didn't seem to be very strong, but his mental power was very strong. With the mirror, Li Hao couldn't get close to him at all. He would be discovered the moment he got close.
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly took a few steps back. The next moment, Hongtu threw a punch, and the void shattered.
 Hongtu was a little surprised, but he did not mind. He smiled.""Li Hao, just surrender!"
 Li Hao frowned."Were you trying to lure me here the day the Fengyun Pavilion appeared?"
 He suddenly wanted to know if this guy was deliberately provoking him to take revenge, or was it just letting nature take its course and he took the initiative to come.
 Hongtu chuckled."Not really. I just thought that you might be of the new generation and that you're improving too quickly, so I made some arrangements. In fact, I've been a little muddleheaded in the past few years and didn't think too much about it. All of this can only be said to be heaven's will."
 Heaven's will?
 Bullshit heaven's will!  Li Hao cursed in his heart. The guy in front of him was very difficult to deal with. He had broken the superpower lock, but it was so weak that it didn't help him much.
 If this continued, he would be at a disadvantage sooner or later.
 "My life force is too strong ... That's why the other party can always see me, find me ... And even lock onto me!"
 Li Hao thought that the guy in front of him actually didn't have a strong body.
 If she could get closer to him, perhaps the result would be different.
 At that moment, Li Hao suddenly dispersed the nearby spring of life. In the blink of an eye, his body began to collapse. Li Hao instantly used the five birds breathing technique, and five divine runes gathered together. In the blink of an eye, another Li Hao was formed!
 All of this happened very quickly. In an instant, two li Haos appeared!
 "What?"
 Hongtu was a little surprised. There was only one Li Hao in the mirror. He glanced at the two li Haos, and now, the two li Haos had disappeared at the same time.
 Hongtu continued to look at the mirror. He saw that one of the Li Haos was charging toward him, while the other had disappeared without a trace. He did not stop and punched out, unleashing a burst of magical power!
 BOOM!
 As if a Thunderbolt had exploded, the void trembled, and a Li Hao appeared. He took a step back, bleeding.
 "Interesting, a very special method ..."
 Just as he said that, a sword intent exploded in his ear. BOOM!
 The mirror and the starry sky sword collided. Hongtu raised the mirror and blocked the attack. With a loud bang, the mirror dimmed again. Hongtu kept retreating and looked at the mirror, but he did not see Li Hao.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At that moment, Hongtu's expression changed!
 How could this be?
 This was the real one?
 Which of the two li Haos was the real one?
 The wind and cloud Deputy mirror could capture life force, so the person it showed must be alive. But why couldn't li Hao capture it?
  Just as he was thinking, another sword came at him!
 It was silent!
 Like an assassin in the dark, Hongtu roared and a thin sword appeared in his hand. He slashed at the five li Haos. No matter who was the real Li Hao, if he killed one, the other Li Hao would definitely be severely injured.
 The fifth person, Li Hao, had also transformed into a ferocious Tiger. His roar shook the heavens and earth as he clawed at Shi Yan!
 ……
 In the main hall, the two of them were fighting non-stop.
 However, outside the hall, no one could hear anything. At this moment, the experts from both sides had yet to make a move. Only a group of Silver Moon martial masters and the eight were fighting.
 In the void, the White Tree kept looking back.
 Director Wang had also locked onto the other party. The two puppets had their eyes on the few guardians. Black Panther and director Zhou had also locked onto these few individuals.
 Director Wang had been frowning at Bai Shu and suddenly said,""You're The Guardian monster plant of Fengyun tower, the monster plant that followed the master of Hongtu tower back then, right?"

 Bai Shu was a little surprised. He looked at director Wang and transformed into his human form. He nodded slightly,""This old man's eyes are bad, I wonder ... Which new martial general is it?"
 "Wang Ye, maybe you don't know ..."
 Bai Shu suddenly said,"I know him. He's the genius of heaven battling city's Wang family. It's said that he later became the director of the police department. I've also heard of him. You've recovered?"
 Director Wang laughed,"that's unexpected, I didn't expect you to be in the saint's eyes!" But ... It's strange. As a Saint, why ... Do you look so weak? It's as if you've overdrawn your source energy. Your strength doesn't match that of a Sage. "
 Then, he looked behind him."Li Hao has always been vigilant. He's alone, but he actually left with your Pavilion master. Your Pavilion master clearly has unparalleled power. How did this guy become so bold?"
 At this moment, he also noticed that something was wrong.
 "Is he Hongtu?" he suddenly asked.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Yes."
 Bai Shu didn't deny it. Director Wang seemed to have realized something and suddenly said,"He actually reincarnated here ... He's courting death ... No, I kind of understand what he's trying to do. He's bold and courageous. This is the territory given to revered sword by the human Emperor, and Hongtu actually dares to seize it!"
 Thinking of this, his expression changed slightly.
  He suddenly realized why Li Hao had left with that guy. That guy must have wanted to become the master of the world, while Li Hao might have obtained the approval of the world's consciousness. When the two of them came into contact, they would probably want to get rid of each other.
 Fighting alone without the interference of outsiders was perhaps a subconscious gift from the consciousness of heaven and earth!
 It was no wonder that Li Hao, who had always been vigilant and eager for someone to protect him, suddenly left with that guy who was obviously not weak.
 At the thought of this, his expression changed slightly. The next moment, he shouted,""Attack and kill these guys! I'm afraid Li Hao is in danger!"
 He was a little annoyed!
 This was the first time he had gone on a mission with Li Hao, and something had gone wrong. He had been intimidated by the tree!
 At this moment, his body suddenly flickered with golden light.
 He didn't even use a weapon. He just tore the space with his bare hands and appeared instantly. An immortal power burst out, and the space exploded with a boom.
 The people below were all stunned.
 The next moment, the first to make a move was actually the Black Panther. Like a spirit in the darkness, the Black Panther instantly turned golden and clawed at a protector. With a crack, the void seemed to be torn apart!
 The few guardians were slightly shocked!
 What a strong dog!
 Just as he was about to explode, two puppets appeared, one for each person, blocking the other two protectors. Director Zhou's entire body exploded with golden light and with a boom, he blocked in front of the eight commanders and hollered,""Stop playing around. Go all out and kill them all!"
 BOOM!  As soon as he finished speaking, a sword intent burst out. The two swordsmen joined forces again. With a crack, a commander who was equally matched just now was directly cut in two!
 "Li Hao didn't go on purpose?" sky sword was a little confused.
 Yes, in their opinion, Li Hao had gone there on purpose. To capture the bandits, one had to capture the leader first. This was their impression of Li Hao. Would he take the risk if he wasn't completely confident?
 That would be weird!
 Everyone felt that this fellow had the confidence to deal with that person directly, so he wasn't in a hurry and could take it slowly. But the current situation ... Something didn't seem right.
 Director Wang didn't have time to speak.
 BOOM!
 Thousands of tree branches pierced through the void and struck him in an instant. However, a golden light flickered on his body, as if a shield or a turtle had appeared. With a boom, the golden light flickered and exploded, shaking the world!
 With this shake, the branch was broken!
 Bai Shu took a few steps back and said in surprise,""You ... You're actually in control of the Wang family's Black Tortoise shield!"
 Although he did not have the Black Tortoise Shield's original form, this person carried the Black Tortoise Shield's origin power, which made his defense extremely strong.
 Director Wang snorted."I remember your name. Bai Changqing! How dare you rebel!"
 Bai Shu's expression changed slightly."It's not a rebellion. We've lost contact with neo martial. Young master is only trying to open the Stargate and contact Neo martial ..."
  "Bullshit! This is the Li family's territory, and Hongtu actually dared to plot against the Silver Moon clan. You are all traitors, and today, I will execute the military law and execute you!"
 Director Wang hollered, covered his body with a shield, and punched out.
 Bai Shu's expression also changed. He had consumed too much energy over the years and had never had the chance to recover. This person was also a genius of the Wang clan and was best at defense. He also had the support of the Black Tortoise shield, so his defense was extremely strong!
 No wonder heaven battling city dared to release this person.
 Its branches ran through the world, but countless of them were broken by one punch. Director Wang snorted,"a monster plant is a monster plant. It doesn't know the heavens and the earth. If you were a true sage, I would still be wary of you. How dare you be so presumptuous with a broken great sage body!"
 Then, he punched out. This punch was different. It was as if the heavenly Dao appeared. Director Wang held the Dao in his fist and used it like a stick, striking down!
 Bai Shu was a little shocked."You ..."
 "You what you!"
 Director Wang snorted and struck out with his rod. Bai Shu hurriedly retreated but was still hit by the aftershock. With a grunt, a wave of Origin Energy spread out. In the void, a great Dao appeared and was shaking continuously!
 His staff broke through the sky. Director Wang's current combat strength was extremely strong. Even if the other party was a Saint, he had no fear.

 "Li Hao, that idiot ... He actually fell for a piece of trash's trick. The Hong family is powerful, but that Hong Tu is just one of the more useless descendants of the Hong family ... He actually tricked Li Hao away alone ..."
 Director Wang cursed as he used his staff to break the sky!
 However, he was scolding himself in his heart. He had been fooled by that guy before. He also felt that the Fengyun Pavilion master was just a clown, so he didn't care much.
 If he had known that the other party was Hongtu's reincarnation, he would not have left Li Hao.
 This was big trouble!
 A crippled Saint was still a Saint. After all, his battle prowess was still there. Even though he had suppressed the other party, in reality, he only looked strong.
 Moreover, Li Hao had followed him into the hall, which might be a treasure of the Hong family. Even if he killed the tree, he might not be able to break it and enter directly.
 'Damn it!'
 He had been very arrogant when he had come out. If Li Hao had really been killed, how could he have the face to go back?
 When he thought of this, he became even angrier!
  In the next moment, his hair stood on end and the long rod disappeared. With a loud boom, it was rooted in the White Tree path in the void. Director Wang shouted coldly,""If I can't kill you today, I'll shatter this great Dao of origins. How dare a monster plant betray me? you're courting death!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he turned into a shadow and charged out. In the air, the staff was locked onto the opponent's Dao. The White Tree origin Dao was shaking non-stop as it attacked the staff. However, director Wang was already close to the opponent and was smashing down!
 Only attacking and not defending!
 The White Tree was also extremely uncomfortable. It did not expect to encounter a strong man at the level of a new martial general at this moment. If it was in the past, it could easily deal with an immortal, but now ... It was beyond its power.
 At this moment, Bai Shu could only secretly pray that the young master would quickly deal with Li Hao.
 As long as Li Hao was dealt with, the young master would definitely receive more gifts from heaven and earth and become the true will of the world. Of course, it was still too early, but at least he would be able to occupy more of the general trend of the world.
 And below, although the Silver Moon martial masters were all extremely powerful, they were much fewer in numbers. The two puppets were suppressing the two protectors, and as for Black Panther and director Zhou, they were slightly weaker than the seven branches, and were being suppressed.
 The Black Panther did not use the projection of the demon subduing envoy. Once this thing moved, it would be powerless. If it wanted to move, it should be dealing with the powerful monster plant.
 The Black Panther was also crying out in panic!
 It was to let everyone quickly finish off the strong enemy and help it deal with The Guardian in front of it. Only in this way could it free up and form the projection of the demon subduing envoy to strike the White Tree to death.
 ……
 The battle outside was in full swing.
 In the main hall.
 The two li Haos kept attacking. Five li Haos were destroyed by Hongtu, while Hongtu's shoulder blade was pierced by Li Hao's sword.
 After crushing five li Haos, Hongtu suddenly turned around and sneered.""Interesting. Magical words that gather all kinds of energy. Is this the key to you obtaining the favor of the consciousness of heaven and earth?"
 Li Hao's figure appeared. With a wave of his hand, the shattered characters returned to him. He gasped for breath and looked at Hongtu, frowning again.
 This guy was an unkillable cockroach.
 It was mainly because of the mirror!
 As he kept weakening his own damage, the amount of energy that actually entered Hongtu's body was not much.
 If this went on, he would consume a lot of energy.
 As for his opponent, this mirror alone was enough to deal with him. At this moment, Li Hao's energy was also constantly declining. Although the starry sky sword was constantly replenishing its energy, it could not break the mirror.
 This was the first time that Li Hao had encountered such a problem. The starry sky sword couldn't leave a mark on him.
 Hongtu erupted again, and a powerful mental force swept over. All kinds of illusions appeared in Li Hao's mind again. Countless Hongtu's appeared, but he couldn't find the real Hongtu.
 His strong mental power suppressed Li Hao's divine will and even the power of the five elements.
 "The other party is a neo martial artist. Even if he is resurrected, his spiritual power will grow very fast ... No wonder his spiritual power is so strong ..."
 Li Hao suddenly thought of something. The next moment, a blade intent appeared in his mind!
 BOOM!
 It was as if the world had been split apart, and everything was destroyed by the sword!
 Hongtu's real body reappeared in front of Li Hao. He staggered and was somewhat shocked."The blood Emperor's saber intent ... No wonder!"
 This time, he recognized it.
 Suddenly, he laughed."Li Hao, the more powerful you are, the more excited I am. Only in your current state are you qualified to receive the favor of God. It's not in vain that I value you!"
 Li Hao looked at him coldly and then at the mirror in his hand.
 This was the first time he had encountered such a troublesome guy. Even if it was an immortal monster plant, Li Hao's damage was real, unlike now, where it was all blocked by the mirror.  "Heaven's will?"
 Li Hao murmured. Don't you believe in heaven's will?
 Then let heaven's will kill you!
 In an instant, waves of aura appeared in the void, and another Li Hao appeared, like the Lord of heaven and earth. Hongtu frowned. What the hell is this?
 And Li Hao had disappeared again.
 In the next moment, the rumbling sounds continued!
 A longsword silently pierced through the void. Li Hao's spirit and energy completely merged with the small sword. One strike after another, combined with the great momentum of the world formed by the five elements, he continuously suppressed his opponent!
 The two sides fought again. Li Hao was like a tireless monster. This time, he kept attacking the mirror. He discovered that the mirror would dim a little every time it was hit by the starry sky sword.
 It consumed energy!
 How much energy could this Hongtu possibly have?
 While fighting, Li Hao was thinking about something. The starry sky sword hadn't recovered enough. It wasn't as strong as the mirror, but it could swallow some things.
 The next moment, a huge hammer suddenly appeared in his hand.
 The Hong family's godly hammer!
 This thing had never been used, and it wasn't too strong. Li Hao didn't plan on opening the stone door either ... It was said that the divine weapons of the eight great families were the key, and were very important ... Ordinary people probably wouldn't destroy it, nor would they be able to destroy it.
 But ... Would Li Hao care?
 This thing was definitely a great tonic!
 After eating it, the starry sky sword would definitely become stronger and suppress the mirror.
 At this thought, the Hong family's Divine Hammer suddenly trembled slightly, as if it had sensed something. The next moment, Li Hao stabbed the Hong family's Divine Hammer with his sword, and Li Hao shouted,""The starry sky sword is enough to deal with the divine weapons of the Eight Families. Break it!"
 BOOM!
 Arrows of blood spurted out and covered the Hong family's Divine Hammer. Upon seeing this, Hongtu's expression changed drastically."Bastard, that's the key to open the Stargate, you ..."
 If this thing was destroyed, the Stargate might not be able to be opened.
 In that case, he might be locked up in the Silver Moon land for the rest of his life!
 As for Li Hao, he didn't care at all. It had nothing to do with him!
 Silver Moon is my hometown, so it's fine if we can't open it. Who said we have to open the Stargate?
 BOOM!
 The Hong family's Divine Hammer trembled violently, but it was suppressed by the starry sky sword as if it was naturally afraid. The next moment, a sharp and piercing voice was heard."You even ate me ..."
 Crack!
 The hammer broke!
 It was as if the starry sky sword hadn't seen anything to eat in 10000 years. In an instant, an extremely powerful devouring force erupted. With a crack, the divine hammer was shattered and its fragments were devoured!
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At the same time.
 In the outside world.
  Ying Hongyue spurted out a mouthful of blood with a pfft sound. Her face was dull as she looked into the distance and muttered, "You're crazy ..."
 Had Li Hao gone crazy?
 What did he do?
 The Hong family's Divine Hammer seemed to have been shattered.
 The eight great families "divine weapons, even holy weapons, could not be destroyed, unless ... The starry sky sword!
 'Damn it!'
 Li Hao, you bastard.
 Are you completely crazy?
 Do you know what a divine weapon of the eight great families means?
 Ying Hongyue didn't dare to believe it. She was a little angry. She gritted her teeth. At this moment, she revealed her uncontrollable anger for the first time.

 In the main hall.
 Li Hao didn't care about this.
 At this moment, the starry sky sword was exuding a brilliant radiance. It seemed to be extremely excited after eating one of the eight divine weapons.
 And the change was not only that.
 At this moment, Li Hao even felt something. He even saw the eight trigrams in the void that could only be seen in the silver Blizzard city. For a moment, Li Hao felt like he was hallucinating.
 Void, Eight Trigrams, Stargate.
 Yes, he had actually seen all of this here in the ruins.
 ……
 Not only that.
 At the same time.
  Silver Moon.
 An ancient city suddenly trembled slightly. In the city, golden armors appeared one after another. Even the huge Guardian monster plants started to tremble.
 In the city Lord's mansion, a golden armor floated in the air and mumbled,""The God shattering hammer is broken ..."
 The Hong family's inherited divine weapon was broken!
 Who did this?
 Who could do it?
 In the next moment, he seemed to have realized something and muttered,""The Li family's descendant? He used the starry sky sword to break the God shattering hammer ... Why?"
 The Eight Families were protecting the Silver Moon.
 The Stargate could only be opened by the divine weapons of the eight great families. Now that the God shattering hammer had been broken, did he not want to open the Stargate anymore?
 Although it was said that the starry sky sword could open it ... But that was when it was built. The starry sky sword was in the hands of the sword venerable. What was the strength of the sword venerable?
 Since venerable the sword was not around, the door could only be opened by the Eight Families.
 "Why ..."
 He was confused, confused, and a little sad.
 Without the God shattering hammer, the Hong family's inheritance ground would be completely sealed off.
 Even if the Hong family still had a successor, there was no hope of entering the Hong family's land of inheritance. Without the Hong family's inheritance, without the rise of the new generation, even if the Hong family's main city was restored, would they still have a chance in this new era?
 ……
 Silver City.
 The void trembled.
 As the Hong family's Divine Hammer shattered, one corner of the eight trigrams seemed to tremble and weaken. Of the eight blood lines, seven were connected to Ying Hongyue, and one was connected to Li Hao.
 At this moment, one of the blood lines trembled violently and showed signs of breaking.
 In ancient times.
 The eight great families will protect the Silver Moon.
  The starry sky sword was the main force, and once the divine weapon of one of the eight great families was broken, it meant that the Li family had removed its duty as a Guardian of the eight great families. This was a tacit rule, not a specific one.  Now that Li Hao had used the Li family's divine sword to shatter the Hong family's Divine Hammer, it meant that he had removed his responsibility as the Hong family's Guardian.
 ? ……
 Heaven and earth trembled.
 At this moment, this part of the world seemed to be in high spirits.
 The energy began to fluctuate.
 The second revival hadn't started yet, but at this time, the world seemed to be showing signs of revival after the Hong family's Divine Hammer was shattered. The energy was rapidly increasing, and even the Silver Moon land was suffused with streams of energy, which were quickly devoured by people.
 ……
 In the main hall.
 Holding a mirror, Hongtu looked at Li Hao in disbelief and anger.""Do you know what you're doing? The Stargate is the channel between the Silver Moon world and the main world. Once it is completely sealed, the connection between the main world and the Silver Moon world will be completely lost. You will not only lose your freedom, but also your limitless future!"
 Even if he controlled the small world, it did not mean that he could open the Stargate.
 And if you couldn't open the Stargate, even if you knew that the origin world was nearby, you might not be able to reach it in your lifetime.
 That was the human King, that was a venerable sovereign, that was the void passageway forged by the God-casting venerable sovereign. It would not be lost in the heaven and earth. Otherwise, not to mention him, even his ancestor, Daoist Fengyun, might have been lost in the void.
 The universe was boundless, and there were no signs. Sometimes, you knew a certain direction, but if you really walked in that direction, the difference would be like heaven and earth, and you would be lost in the chaos of the universe for the rest of your life.
 In the past, top existences like the God casting Emperor had worked together to come from the main world and return from the small world. Unless he could reach the level of the human King, he would not be able to do so.
 But ... Was that even possible?
 Hongtu was furious."Li Hao, you're cutting off the future of this world!"
 Li Hao smiled and shook his head."No, no, no. I'm cutting off your future!" Hongtu, why did you provoke me? Now ... I'm going to kill you!"
 BOOM!
 A sword slashed out!
 This strike was much more powerful than before. With a loud boom, a weak crack appeared on the mirror. Although it quickly healed, a large amount of energy was extracted.
 Hongtu's face paled!
  After all, this mirror wasn't as compatible with him as it used to be. Every time he used it, it consumed a lot of energy. Once it was broken, the consumption would be even greater. It had instantly drawn a large amount of energy from his body.
 Hongtu's expression changed as he snorted coldly and struck out with his sword as well.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Sword intent!
 Or rather, sword force.
 However, it wasn't as obvious as Li Hao 's. The momentum of his opponent's sword might have been concealed by a divine ability, so he could tell that his opponent's sword was very powerful!
 In the new martial era, there were several strongest swordsmen in the world, and longevity swordsman was only one of them. In addition, the Sword of Hades of the Li family of Saturn, who was also the creator of the sky-piercing sword technique, had a rare sword intent.
 However, there was one more person who was famous in the world before longevity swordsman. Coincidentally, he was also known as the demonic sword.
 The demonic sword wielded the strongest divine weapon, the heaven-destroying sword!
 The heaven-destroying sword was drawn, and the heavens and earth shook.
 His opponent's swordsmanship was learned from Daoist Fengyun's second son, the second Prince of the Hong family. He was also the first of the four Emperors. He was not famous for his sword intent, but the whole world knew that his swordsmanship was extremely powerful, terrifyingly powerful.

 At this moment, Hongtu was also desperate. He struck out with his sword, and Li Hao's vision blurred.
 The two swords collided!
 His opponent's sword seemed to be filled with demonic and killing intent. It was a true demonic sword!
 The pervasive killing intent instantly invaded Li Hao's body.
 Li Hao's body, which was already broken, was instantly covered in bloody wounds as he was swallowed by the killing intent.
 Hongtu grunted and cursed in a low voice!
 In terms of swordsmanship, your family's longevity sword is not as good as the Hong family's sword. Not only the second Prince of the Hong family, but also the former Taoist Fengyun, who was also a strong swordsman. With the emperor's sword, he could turn the world upside down.
 Even though he hadn't learned much, he had seen it with his own eyes, and his comprehension wasn't any worse than Li Hao 's.
 "Sword of killing path!"
 Li Hao coughed. His body was broken, but his eyes suddenly lit up, and a red light flickered in them."Now this is interesting. Your divine ability is too weak, so why do you insist on learning some divine ability? I can't see your true abilities, but I can see that your mirror is powerful ...."
  As soon as he finished speaking, he threw the starry sky sword at the mirror.
 "Divine weapon against divine weapon. You and I are both swordsmen. Let's Have a Battle between swordsmen!"
 "Crazy ..."
 Hongtu cursed. 'If I can use a divine weapon to suppress you, why not?'
 Of course, at this moment, the godly weapon was suppressed by the opponent's starry sky sword, and Li Hao abandoned the extremely sharp starry sky sword ... This lunatic was very good!
 He held his thin sword and charged at Li Hao!
 He was in a much better situation than Li Hao.
 If Li Hao wanted to fight with his sword, then come!
 Kachaa!
 He slashed out with his sword, and the void split open. He quickly disappeared, and when he reappeared, he was already stabbing his sword at Li Hao's head.
 As for Li Hao, the divine runes in his hand condensed into a sword, and he slashed out with the roar of a Tiger!
 BOOM!
 The ferocious Tiger was pierced through by Hongtu's sword. Hongtu snorted softly. 'You're no match for me in a sword fight. It's just that my memory is a little jumbled up. Now that I've fought Li Hao, my memory has become clearer.'
 Not only did Hongtu not weaken, but he also became stronger as the battle progressed!
 Whether it was Li Hao's momentum of the world, his techniques, his divine runes, or his sword intent ...
 The killing path swords that encountered the other party all collapsed.
 The more Li Hao fought, the weaker he became!
 Not far away, the starry sky sword was suppressing the mirror, but Li Hao was being suppressed by Hong Tu.
 p Hongtu held his thin sword and looked at Li Hao coldly. He struck again and again. He only wanted to deal with Li Hao more easily. Since he couldn't ... He had no reason to be afraid of Li Hao.  Li Hao wasn't worth his fear.
 This B * stard had shattered the Hong family's hammer. He was furious and his sword became more and more ruthless.
 Crack!
 With a slash, the sword in Li Hao's hand broke!  Puchi!
 Hongtu's sword stabbed into Li Hao's throat, and a bloody gash quickly appeared. However, Hongtu did not give up. A powerful force of killing Dao surged into Li Hao's body, trying to crush him completely!
 At this moment, Li Hao's broken divine runes gathered together, and five rays of light appeared in his hand. He grabbed the longsword and looked at his opponent curiously."You have a Divine Art, so why is your sword intent so powerful?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hongtu frowned slightly. With a creak, the sword vibrated, tearing Li Hao's arms apart and causing blood to splatter. Hongtu sneered."Who said that divine arts can't be used with sword intent? The Dao of energy was created by my ancestors, and divine abilities are just a variant of the Dao of energy!"
 Although Daoist Fengyun did not start with the Dao of energy, it was strengthened in the hands of his son.
 There wasn't much of a difference between divine abilities and energy.
 Li Hao understood and nodded. Despite his throat being crushed and blood spurting out, he still held on to his opponent's sword tightly. The sword shook violently, causing blood to spurt out of his arm.
 "I see!"
 "Sword intent is sword intent, sword force is sword force. The intent is born from the heart. If you have the intention, then you have the intention. Force is the way, and the intention is the heart ..."
 He seemed to have understood something!
 In the next moment, just as Hongtu was about to swing his sword again, his expression suddenly changed. Li Hao suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, and the killing intent of the Blood Sword was extremely dense!
 "So ... This is the will sword!"
 BOOM!
 The sword will pierced through heaven and earth."Wu Sheng!"
 Puchi!
 Hongtu roared and quickly retreated. With a crack, the lifeless sword intent pierced through his arm. Hongtu groaned and looked at Li Hao in disbelief.
 Li Hao ... Was too talented!
 Yes, talent.
 For the first time, he felt that there was actually someone with such a strong talent. He just said it once, and the other party actually knew it.
 Maybe it was due to his accumulation, or maybe his talent was really strong to the extreme.
 Li Hao really understood.
 Sword force was sword force, and sword intent was sword intent.
  It was different!
 Even if Hong Yitang and the others said it thousands of times, it would not be as good as experiencing it in real combat.
 At this moment, Li Hao revealed a smile."A fight between swordsmen ... Is very interesting. Even silver moon's swordsmen are not willing to have a real life-and-death battle with me. After I stepped into the seven elements, I thought that I was invincible. Other than the powerhouses of the new martial era, no one is worthy of my sword ... I never thought that I would meet you!"
 "Hmph!" Hongtu snorted."Li Hao, do you think you can scare me like this?"
 "No, no, no... I hope you can be stronger!"
 Li Hao licked his lips."I haven't felt this way in a long time. I think that perhaps only Ying Hongyue can pose such a threat to me. I'm very happy to have met you today!"
 Hongtu's eyes flickered. 'This guy seems to be really happy!'
 "Kill!"
 Li Hao bellowed. At this moment, everything in the world seemed to be swords.
 Fire swords, wooden swords, earth swords, water swords ...

