fileno%d
 a hint of surprise in his eyes,"that's right!" It's no wonder I dared to ask you to lead a team here. Your strength ... Has exceeded my expectations. Even though you've borrowed external strength, I have to say that you're indeed powerful!"
 He was surprised, but Jiang Li was even more so!
 Not only Jiang Li, but even the ninth Division commander and the Golden-armored clone were shocked. Li Hao's arm did not explode when he collided with the bones of a beginner martial stage expert.
 This ... How did he do it?
 Was an aperture opening technique really that powerful?
 Jiang Li's expression completely changed. He secretly complained,"my Lord, this time ... We were too reckless. My Lord, you had a good plan, but ... Li Hao doesn't seem to be too nervous. Maybe things aren't that simple."
 Don't tell me ... He can't escape?
 He had already used the bones of the God of beginner martial. He didn't dare to say more, but his current strength didn't say much, but he had at least a dozen divine powers, right?
 In the end ... It only broke Li Hao's arm.
 How could a heavenstar citizen's body be so strong?
  He immediately grew nervous. The king was ambushing these origin clones and was not here at the moment. If Li Hao really captured all the priests and divine guards ... He would be in big trouble.
 Everyone had underestimated Li Hao. This guy's strength might be improving with every moment.
 He couldn't care less about his plan.
 With a roar, he was completely different from his previous elegance. With a special power, he mumbled and muttered. Suddenly, a bone appeared in his hand and he roared,"Li Hao is too strong, retreat!"
 With that, the other bone merged into his body, and his arms turned crystal-like.
 His two fists were aimed at Li Hao!
 It was extremely powerful!
 Li Hao took a deep breath. F * ck, you can add more?
 So powerful?
 In an instant, he reached out and grabbed. Several divine runes disappeared from the surroundings. In an instant, space cracks appeared and cut Jiang Li's arm with a crack.
 Kachaa!
 More and more cracks started to cut Jiang Li. Jiang Li's expression changed. At this moment, he couldn't hold it in anymore."Li Hao, didn't you say that I can use it however I want?"
 Li Hao removed the divine runes. He was actually being cut by space!
 The restrictions of heaven and earth!
 This bastard!
 Li Hao scoffed."Nonsense. The strength you suddenly displayed just now was too powerful." Li Hao felt that this guy might still have bones. If he continued, he might be much stronger than him. Wouldn't that be suicide?
 This temple officiant really had some skills. He wouldn't give him the chance to use them as he pleased.
 Jiang Li was also helpless!  He would be cut by the space if he used too much combat power, but he couldn't defeat Li Hao if he didn 't. This guy was a freak.
 As the space was continuously cut apart, he could only weaken his strength. A white bone appeared in his hand and quickly disappeared, leaving only one crystal-colored arm. He punched at Li Hao!
 The surrounding chaos heaven and earth suddenly began to disperse.
 It had to be said that this officiant had a lot of tricks up his sleeve and was strong in combat. He could even increase his combat strength at any time. Although it had something to do with the bone of beginner martial, that was his ability.
 p "Retreat!"  Jiang Li growled again and punched at the sky. He roared,""Seniors, let's go first, we'll cover the rear!"
 At this moment, the experts 'expressions changed.
 This Li Hao ... He had such powerful means.
 Furthermore, these puppets were not weak.
 They had already guessed the identity of these people. They were all puppets transformed by the descendants of venerable sovereigns and could not be underestimated. They had thought that with 50 people, more than 10 ancient city avatars left here, and the powerhouses of the Li Dynasty working together, it would be difficult to take down Li Hao's group, but there was still hope.
 In the end ... They now understood why their Lord had said that they couldn't use their clones to fight Li Hao's group.
 In the next moment, these people all erupted, forcing back their opponents and wanting to retreat.
 At this moment, Li Hao snorted. You think you can come and go as you please?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com How could it be that easy!
 If the king of Dali doesn't come out, then I'll just take you in.
 At this moment, a divine rune appeared in Li Hao's hand. Not far away, director Wang's movements suddenly stopped, and his aura became chaotic. He was so scared that he fled.
 Because at this moment, the divine text of the word "Dao" had been removed by Li Hao.
  In the blink of an eye, nine divine runes of gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, Thunder, light, darkness appeared on Li Hao's body and instantly merged into the divine text of the word "Dao." 230 apertures in his body lit up.
 Lighting up 180 apertures meant that half of the 36 Dao meridians were opened. After that, every five additional apertures would open a complete Dao Meridian.
 At this moment, 230 of Li Hao's apertures were lit up, which meant that he had completely opened all 10 Dao meridians.
 In addition to the nine divine power Dao meridians, he had activated the power of 19 Dao meridians.
 Half of the other 26 meridians were activated, and their power was also greatly enhanced. At this moment, Li Hao's power exceeded the power of 20 Dao meridians, all of which were integrated into the divine character "Dao."
 The starry sky sword appeared and slashed at the experts who were fleeing!
 You want to leave? did you ask me?
 Do you think you can come as you please?
 At this moment, Li Hao was unbelievably powerful. At least to them, the world was not strong enough to support such a powerful force.
 At this moment, Jiang Li roared, and white bones reappeared. Not one, but two. His fists turned crystal again. He ignored the space slicer and punched at Li Hao, even though his arms were being cut off!

 "Retreat!" He roared.
 "Kill!"
 Li Hao was a little angry. Around him, the Silver Moon martial masters all erupted. The puppets roared and charged at the fleeing experts.
 The ninth Division commander's sword intent soared to the extreme as he slashed at the Golden-armored avatar!
 BOOM!
 A deafening sound reverberated through the heavens and earth!
 In the distance, the roar of an Army suddenly came. It was the Li Army. Hearing the movement, the Army began to move.
 Li Hao didn't pay much attention to it. Huang Yu was still there, so it wouldn't be a big problem.
 He was just curious, where the hell did the Dali King go?
 The sword hit Jiang Li's arm. With a crack, Jiang Li looked like he was in pain, but he still managed to block Li Hao's powerful sword. He punched the sky and sent the wind and cloud Mirror flying with a BOOM!
  At this moment, Jiang Li's entire body was in a state of collapse.
 However, even at this time, he still did not forget the Dali King's instructions ... To let some of the ancient city's cultivators escape. He roared,""Seniors, run! If we escape back to the ancient city, the Li Dynasty Army will no longer be safe ..."
 The origin realm experts had already fled without a trace, so there was no need for his instructions.
 He felt a little emotional. These people of Dali were really loyal.
 If they died, they would only be dead avatars, but if these people of Dali died, they would really die.
 "Escape?"
 Li Hao was somewhat angry. You're here, and you want to escape?
 What are you thinking!
 "Imperial Guards!"
 With a low growl, the illusionary image of an Imperial Palace appeared in the void. A small tree swayed and suppressed the void in an instant!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Heaven and earth were instantly suppressed!
 At this moment, it was as if even the heavens had retreated. Some of the origin source avatars who were fleeing shouted in fear,""The Imperial Palace ..."
 "Quick, self-destruct some of you. The rest of you, run!"
 Even though it was only a clone, if it was lost, it would be a significant injury.
 This time, there was no situation where everyone ran away and was unwilling to self-destruct. People in the neo martial era, whether they were traitors or neo martial artists, were extremely decisive when it was time to make a decision.
 BOOM!
 With a series of loud sounds, at least seven or eight origin avatars self-destructed on the spot. The explosion dissipated the void of the Imperial Palace and the small tree trembled slightly.
 In an instant, the remaining dozens of shadows fled into the distance!
 Li Hao frowned and was a little annoyed. He had only killed around 20 origin doppelgangers.
 These guys ... No, this temple officiant was really annoying.
 In his anger, he slashed at Jiang Li one sword after another!
 Those origin avatars had escaped, but Jiang Li had better stay!
  Jiang Li was slightly relieved to see that a large number of origin clones had escaped. He roared and punched at Li Hao. Li Hao's forceful attack and the cutting of space made him extremely uncomfortable.  In the surroundings, a large number of God guards and temple priests were quickly killed!
 Jiang Li wanted to cry!
 This wasn't a feint. He was really no match for his King. His King ... Even if he could kill those clones this time, it would be a loss.
 But Li Hao didn't care about that. He shouted,""Don't care about the experts of the ancient city. Kill them all. Don't let any of them go!"
 BOOM!
 Without these origin realm experts, how could these divine guards be a match for everyone?
 In the blink of an eye, dozens of people were killed.
 Jiang Li's eyes glinted. Suddenly, an arm flew out, not at Li Hao, but at the Silver Moon martial masters. It exploded with a BOOM!
 A large number of Silver Moon martial masters were instantly sent flying, and they spat out blood!
 Li Hao's eyes were filled with anger, and he slashed out with his sword!
 With a cracking sound, the other arm of the other party was chopped off!
 "Let's go!" Jiang Li did not care about this. He swept across the sky and earth. In an instant, a large number of remaining divine guards and shrine priests were shrouded in darkness and tried to escape.
 Li Hao's eyes were cold. At this moment, he only had one thought-kill this man!
 The God's clone that was originally hidden suddenly appeared.
 A powerful aura instantly burst out!
 He appeared in front of Jiang Li and blocked his way.
 Jiang Li's expression changed, and he groaned again.
 But at this time, he made up his mind and gritted his teeth. Suddenly, a crystal color appeared on his legs again, and he kicked at the God's clone. His legs were also extremely powerful!
 Frowning, Li Hao slashed out from behind!
 "You're courting death!" Jiang Li roared. Suddenly, a crystal color appeared on the pillar. Behind him, the shadow of God of beginner martial became more solid.
 The void was being sliced apart!
  However, Jiang Li didn't care so much. With a roar, he kicked the clone to the side and turned around to punch the starry sky sword in the blink of an eye.
 Blood trickled from the corner of Li Hao's mouth as he retreated in shock. How could an early-stage martial artist merge with his opponent?
 The space was cut again, as if it was angry that someone had broken its boundaries.
 Crack!
 The loud noise cut off one of Jiang Li's legs, but he couldn't care less. He wanted to take the leg away, but the avatar slapped him and sent him rolling.
 He couldn't care about this anymore and fled!
 He cursed in his heart!
 The losses were huge!
 He had lost both his arms and a leg, and dozens of divine guards and priests had been killed. Even if he had killed dozens of his original body, it would be a great loss!
 The king told me not to use any special methods ... He told me not to use any special methods ...

 p At this moment, Jiang Li really couldn't stop himself.  The stupid king of Dali!
 If they didn't use any tricks ... They would all be annihilated!
 Li Hao, was he still a person of this era?
 Dragging his broken body, he lost a leg and two arms, but the space no longer cut him. As he fled, he roared,""Li Hao, if you dare to hunt us down, I'll take out all the God's bones. Even if I can't kill you, I'll slaughter all the experts under your command!"
 Li Hao, who was about to give chase, suddenly frowned and looked into the distance. He coldly watched the other party escape, but did not continue chasing.
 'If this guy really does that and perishes with me, I might not die, but the others, especially the Army, would probably be finished.'
 Of course, those guys would also be dead!
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo and the others flew over and gritted their teeth.""Fight him! When have we ever been afraid of being threatened?"
 This guy actually threatened them!
  Jiang Li, who had gone far away, sent another voice transmission. "It's not a threat. We can continue to fight. Your Majesty has the intention to train soldiers with Governor li. If you really kill us, the Li Army will collapse ... How will you train soldiers then? Besides ... If you really force me to use all my God's bones, I'm afraid this place will turn into an abyss!"
 Then, Jiang Li returned to the Li army camp and shouted,""All troops, retreat!"
 At this moment, he was floating in the air with a hint of helplessness and regret in his eyes.
 Both arms and a leg ... Those were the bones of the God of beginner martial.
 Who would've thought that Li Hao would be so tough?
 ……
 Li Hao, on the other hand, glanced at him and then turned his head in another direction, frowning.
 Tonight ... Was really strange.
 Also, Jiang Li wanted to save those origin avatars even if he lost the bones of the God of beginner martial ... It was strange. The God's bones were obviously more precious than the origin.
 This fellow was willing to die for the ancient city's rebellion. Could it be that they were not in cahoots?
 Could it be that the betrayer, the God of beginner martial, was one of them?
 At this moment, the ninth Division commander flew over quickly. He was the only one who had run out to kill the others, and he seemed to be in a good mood."After killing that guy's doppelganger, less than 30 origin source doppelgangers escaped. At least half of them survived ... But you ... You've exceeded my expectations. You're even stronger than before!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything, but he was a little suspicious.""Where did the king of Dali go?"
 I've been waiting all night, but I didn't see anyone!
 If he hadn't been a little afraid of the king of Dali and had used all his strength earlier, no one would have been able to escape except for Jiang Li.
 "Cough, cough, cough ..."
 At the side, director Zhao coughed and spat out a mouthful of blood. He said,""Something's not right. The Li Dynasty might not be on the same side as those rebels. Jiang Li specifically told them to return to the ancient city and not stay here ... Could it be that ... The king of the Li Dynasty is waiting for them on the way?"
 Li Hao was stunned.  What did he mean by waiting halfway?
 "The Li Dynasty needs the power of origin!"
 Director Zhao's profound meaning stunned Li Hao. "It's not that bad, right?"
 The next moment, he suddenly understood and laughed,""This ... Is it that stupid? This guy blew up a bone, and I took two. The value of three pieces of divine bones of the initial stage martial artist should be more precious than these origins, right?"
 "Much more precious!" The ninth Division commander nodded solemnly.
 If the king of Dali really made such a choice, then it could only be said that ... He had suffered a great loss this time.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In fact, the ninth Division commander was also very surprised. He said again,""Let's not talk about the Dali King first. You ... With your strength, how can you open your aperture so quickly?"
 Li Hao had actually opened 230 apertures!
 Not only that, but the nine divine abilities had all turned into divine text.
 This guy was so quiet that everyone thought he was below 15 meridians.
 In the end, within a few days, this guy's strength had increased by another level.
 As for whether the king of Dali really killed those people on the way ... It didn't matter. Whether he killed them or not ... It didn't matter to Li Hao.
 Jiang Li was one of the top existences of the current era, but he was greatly restrained by Li Hao. Li Hao was too strong. If he was too weak, he would be blown up by Li Hao. This was probably the problem for all experts.
 Li Hao smiled."I've only opened 230 apertures. I've already opened 180 apertures. It's been more than ten days. I've opened 50 apertures. That's not too fast, is it?"
 “……”
 It was silent!
 At this moment, everyone was very quiet.
  The further one advanced, the harder it was to open the aperture.
 "If you open one now, it might be equivalent to opening 10 before. You've opened 50 in such a short time. Don't you think that's too fast?
 Even Yuan Shuo couldn't help but ask,'how can it be so fast? I'm considered fast. I've only opened 190 so far. With five God Arts, I'm only slightly stronger than seven ..."
 He was considered extremely fast, and he felt that Li Hao couldn't be faster than him.
 Even though this disciple of his was really talented.
 However, these days were also the period of his rapid advancement!
 Li Hao glanced at his master and said after a long while,""I don't know, but it's really fast. It's probably ... Related to heaven's will."
 As he spoke, he pointed to the sky."These days, I feel like I'm being worshipped by the masses. When everyone cultivates, it's as if ... They're all helping me cultivate ... Of course, it's not that obvious, but the speed at which I absorb and release the power of the bright star realm is much faster."
 Yuan Shuo was stunned. For a long time, he was speechless.
 He had some enlightenment!

 The ninth Division commander's expression also changed slightly, and he hid under his golden armor.
 Everyone in the world cultivated, but Li Hao's cultivation speed became faster.
 This ... He had heard of this before.
 In the past, someone had done it.
 Supreme martial artist Zhang!
 ,m In the new martial era, everyone practiced. The stronger the human race was, the stronger Supreme martial artist Zhang would be. This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But ... But Li Hao hadn't unified the world yet. He hadn't become King yet. How could this be?
 As for Li Hao, he actually understood a little, but he didn't like to put on an act. It felt like he was the king of men, but he didn't care about that.
 "Don't worry about that ..." Li Hao quickly smiled."I'm just curious. Is the king of Dali ... Really killing those guys?"
  If it was true ... Then it would be interesting.
 Of course, what was more interesting was that officiant Jiang Li had paid such a high price for the king of Dali. Could it be that the two men were somewhat unusual?
 Otherwise, losing three pieces of God's bones would be a huge loss even if he managed to retrieve a large amount of power of origin.
 "That's not important," the ninth Division commander said quickly."What's important is ... I'm afraid that there really is a God of beginner martial arts in the Li Dynasty!"
 He then added,'if there is, the other party's strength is probably not weak! "Beginner level martial artists might be able to adapt to the current world more easily. They might break the boundary and walk out of the ruins. This person has just exploded with power that surpasses the boundary. The power to cut space is not as powerful as dealing with the origin ... Beginner level ... He's still considered an beginner level martial artist!"
 Li Hao understood!
 Beginner stage martial artists would probably be able to walk out more easily than origin stage experts.
 This was something that needed to be taken seriously.
 He quickly collected his emotions and looked at the overflowing origin power with a smile.""The ancient city's experts are so polite. They've sent me another batch of Origin Energy, but they still think it's not enough!"
 After saying that, he smiled."Collect the origin Energy of this place. Also ... I'm going out for a while. Be careful of Jiang Li. I'm going to Rob the king of Dali. If he's really dealing with those people ... It's not too much to give me half, right?"
 After saying that, he laughed a little slyly and instantly disappeared.  After he left, director Wang said weakly,""This guy took away the coordinates of the great Dao and almost made me collapse ... Now he's going to harm the king of Dali. Being his enemy is really ... A little annoying!"
 Li Hao was becoming more and more mysterious. Although he was usually very easy to talk to, director Wang felt that he was becoming more and more mysterious.
 The ninth master was silent.
 Li Hao could be considered his descendant ... Of course, he wasn't his ancestor, but he was a distant ancestor. It was indeed hard to see through him.
 Tonight, when Jiang Li showed his beginner martial bones, he thought it would be a tough battle, but Li Hao resolved his threat easily.
 'This guy ... If the second recovery of heaven and earth doesn't start, everyone will be toyed with by him.'
 He looked at the Li Dynasty opposite him.
 If Li Hao hadn't been training his troops, perhaps ... He could have killed all the powerhouses of the Li Dynasty by himself!
 He then thought of the human King. If the human King was here, he might really do this and not choose to train his soldiers.
  Sometimes, he suddenly felt that although the human King was murderous, he still cared for the human race deep down. As for Li Hao ... He was cold to the core.
 In order to achieve his goal, Li Hao didn't care if some people died.
 For a moment, he was in a daze.
 Why did she like to compare Li Hao with the human King recently?
 Li Hao and the human King were worlds apart.
 However, he always unconsciously made comparisons. If this went on, he was worried that he would betray neo martial and join this guy's camp.
 What a terrifying fellow!
 With this in mind, he thought of his original body. If he were to recover a second time and walk out, he would be comparable to a Saint ... Much stronger than Li Hao. Why did he find Li Hao terrifying?
 What the hell? thinking of the evaluation he gave Li Hao in the past, he felt that he had to tear this book when he got back, in case someone saw it and laughed at him for being blind!

 South of the Silver City.
 A portion of the origin realm experts 'clones fled in a hurry.
 Li Hao's strength was beyond their expectations.
 They had thought that no matter how strong Li Hao was, he was only at his current limit. Their clones might not be as strong as Li Hao, but the difference wouldn't be too big, just like how Lin Hongyu had killed a clone the other day.
 Although they were powerful, if they fought one on one, they still had a chance to turn the tables.
 But who would have thought that Li Hao had already surpassed this limit?
 Such a change caused everyone to lose their sense of propriety and fall into a desperate situation. Fortunately, the Li Dynasty's officiant was also extremely strong and could even use the bone of beginner martial, which allowed them to escape with their lives.
 At this moment, this group of people were fleeing rapidly, all of them somewhat flustered.
 The destruction of his clone was a huge loss to his main body.
 It would be best if he could keep his clone.
  Just as they were frantically escaping, suddenly, someone shouted,""Be careful!"
 In an instant, the world spun!
 In a daze, tens of thousands of elite soldiers and dozens of experts with divine abilities suddenly appeared in front of everyone.
 Right in front, the king of Dali took the lead.
 He looked at the origin realm experts and smiled. Not bad, there were still dozens of people, which was what he had expected.
 "Kill!"
 With a low roar, the heavens and earth were suppressed and turned upside down.
 At this moment, the elite soldiers in the rear suddenly took out their armor, which was also the neo martial armor. Not only that, but the armor of these people was different from the one in heaven battling city, and it gave off a more Savage feeling.
 What was even more shocking was that these people instantly formed a giant.
 It wasn't the qi and blood connection of neo martial!
 Instead, it was a combination in the true sense. The armored soldiers seemed to have become a part of the giant. Tens of thousands of elite soldiers had turned into an incomparably huge mecha warrior.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He held the giant axe and chopped down!
 The experts who were running away were all shocked.
 Fusion combat technique!
 This combat technique was more powerful than the military's combat techniques, but it was also more dangerous. Once the giant was destroyed, the soldiers would all die.
 However, it was also more powerful.
 The giant formed by the soldiers hacked down with his axe. His thick qi and blood even tore the void apart. Countless pairs of eyes appeared. The next moment, tens of thousands of soldiers roared in anger!
 BOOM!
 His qi and blood were incomparably powerful!
 The axe tore through the void, and with a crack, one of the origin avatars was shattered.
 "The king of Dali!"
 "Don't you dare!"Someone shouted.
 It was the king of Dali who had intercepted them!
 Damn it!
  This time, they had come to help the king of Dali.  These powerhouses also roared angrily and turned into towering giants. The Dali King, on the other hand, was unparalleled in strength. His body suddenly grew countless times larger, and his pair of iron fists exploded the void with one punch!
 With a loud boom, an origin was blown up on the spot!
 The divine guards behind him were also much more powerful than the ones who had attacked Li Hao.
 Moreover, these people were all somewhat special.
 Some of them had golden arms, and their auras were unparalleled.
 Some people's eyes were emitting golden light, like the eyes of heaven.
 Some people's spiritual energy swept out in all directions, setting off monstrous waves.
 These divine guards had inherited some of the abilities of the beginner stage. Each of them had their own unique skills, and they were all extremely powerful. They weren't any weaker than some Silver Moon martial masters.
 In an instant, these people attacked one after another.
 With the addition of the Dali King and the giant soldier, it was almost an instant crushing to deal with this group of experts who only had avatars of the origin.
 An origin avatar was far inferior to the original body.
 Moreover, these clones had already been exhausted by Li Hao's attack. Without external sources to replenish them, their strength had already been weakened.
 Some of the ancient city's powerhouses also roared and unleashed powerful combat techniques!
 The powerful combat technique tore the void apart!
 ,m Many of the divine guards were forced to retreat while covered in blood.  These people soon became the target of the Dali King. He shuttled through the void and punched out with his pair of iron fists. The void exploded and his body glowed with golden light like an immortal body!
 One punch after another, he blew up several people in the blink of an eye.
 "King of Dali ... How dare you attack us ... You're seeking death!"
 At this moment, someone shouted in anger. He looked around and roared,""Fight!"
 In an instant, the remaining origin avatars seemed to have received some instructions. In the blink of an eye, they all turned blood red. The Dali King frowned slightly.
 The rest of the people turned into blood-red figures.
 Someone shouted,"although we've rebelled, we've experienced neo martial. How can we be killed so easily by this group of ants?!" Kill!"
 With a loud roar, the remaining origin source avatars were also extremely furious.
  On Li Hao's side, they were the ones who initiated the attack. If they were defeated, according to Daren's words, they would have to escape.
 It was nothing!
 But here, the Dali King had dared to attack them, which was intolerable. Moreover, they had to send back the news that the Dali King had attacked them.
 In an instant, these people's combat strength soared.
 BOOM!
 The bloody figures exploded instantly. With a loud boom, the giant formed by the soldiers retreated with a loud boom. The void cracked under its feet, and in an instant, countless screams were heard.
 The Dali King's eyes were a little cold.
 They had thought that it would be a one-sided battle, but in the end, they were counterattacked by the other party. Just like that, countless soldiers died.
 He didn't delay any longer and growled in a low voice. At this moment, a huge face seemed to appear in the sky. The Dali King looked up at the sky and swallowed it!
 In an instant, it was as if he had swallowed something into his stomach. His aura grew once more, and in the blink of an eye, he appeared in front of an ancient city expert. With a palm strike, it was as if the world had imprisoned him!

 BOOM!
 The blood colored figure also roared out in rage,""When my true body comes out, I'll definitely kill you!"
 BOOM!
 The origin avatar exploded in an instant and self-destructed, causing the giant palm of the Dali King to be somewhat shattered. The Dali King frowned again. Why did these guys feel more powerful than he had expected?
 He could be considered unlucky!
 The experts of the ancient cities had all wanted to keep their clones and return. Therefore, with Li Hao's orders and the city Lord's orders, the first thing they would think of was to escape if they were no match for the enemy.
 Moreover, there were also people bringing up the rear without any scruples.
 But now, seeing that the king of Dali was blocking it and feeling the power of the king of Dali, he felt that it was impossible to return to his original body again, so he had no scruples.
 Even if they betrayed, these people were still strong neo martial artists.
 Deep down, he was still cruel.
  Seeing that there was no way out, he instantly exploded. He used whatever brutal combat techniques he had. He used whatever Blood Blade technique he had and self-destructed. He used them all in an instant. One escaped counted. After all, they were just clones.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 A series of explosions rang out, and a powerful force swept through the world.
 A powerful Divine Guard was directly blown apart.
 The Dali King's eyes trembled slightly. These divine guards were the true elites of the Dali dynasty and were extremely powerful. He had originally thought that these guys would be crushed ... In the end, these guys were not afraid of death and directly self-destructed. In the blink of an eye, a powerful Divine Guard was blown to death.
 Not only that, many of the other divine guards also spat out blood and flew back, looking like they were on the verge of death.
 The giant formed by the soldiers was crushed by the self-destruction of five or six clones. Tens of thousands of soldiers were sent flying. Some were killed in an instant, while others barely survived under the protection of armor.
 The Dali King's face was livid. With a punch, he blew up an avatar that was about to self-destruct!
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the distance.
 Li Hao entered the void and gasped.
 So fierce?
 To be honest, he didn't pay much attention to these neo martial art traitors. Because they were clones, he didn't take them too seriously. If he killed them, they would only be clones.
 In addition, the other party was a traitor ... He didn't have a good impression of him.
 Previously, in the starry sky Sea and silver City, they had all been easily killed by his own subordinates.
 But now ... Was he so brutal?
 Li Hao secretly gasped. He had just arrived, and because of the commotion, even though the king of Dali had concealed himself, he had still sensed it. As a result, he had seen such a brutal scene as soon as he had arrived.
 The other party had self-destructed without any hesitation or hesitation.
 Perhaps it had something to do with his clone. After all, he didn't really die.
 Perhaps ... It was because the king of the Li Dynasty had chosen to ambush and betray them, which made them feel as if there was a Fishbone stuck in their throat. They were traitors themselves, and they hated traitors more than anyone else. Li Hao could not understand such complicated emotions.
 In the blink of an eye, at least half of the 30 origin avatars had self-destructed.
 Seven or eight of them had been killed.  The remaining few didn't self-destruct, but took advantage of this gap to escape in all directions. Someone shouted,""How dare you betray us ... Dali King, you and the Dali dynasty will become a thing of the past!"
 The Dali King's expression was slightly ugly.
 He didn't say much. Suddenly, a weapon appeared in his hand. It was a pair of boxing gloves, or rather, a pair of gloves.
 Because only one hand had a glove on it.
 Golden Gloves!
 At this moment, even the starry sky sword in Li Hao's hand trembled slightly.
 The Dali King looked coldly at a certain place in the void. Without saying a word, he punched out. The space seemed to collapse. With a loud bang, the man who had threatened him before was directly blown up in the space by this punch.
 The Dali King disappeared in an instant. When he reappeared, he appeared in front of another person. That person seemed to be a little frightened. He recognized something and shouted,""How is that possible?"
 He seemed to have recognized the gloves!
 How could the king of Dali have obtained the inheritance of that person?
 That was impossible!
 ? That person seemed to have never been to this world before, so how could he have left behind an inheritance?
 Even if it wasn't an inheritance ... Where did these gloves come from?
 BOOM!
 As soon as he finished shouting, the glove seemed to break the world. With another boom, the clone of the origin realm expert was torn apart. He was still in disbelief."Celestial ruler Batian ... No, that's impossible ..."
 Bang! Bang!
 The clone exploded!
 Those gloves were really powerful.
 In the darkness, Li Hao's expression changed slightly. What a powerful glove and weapon. The starry sky sword in his hand trembled slightly.
 Celestial ruler Batian?
 He was a little suspicious. What celestial ruler?
 He knew quite a lot about the new Martial Emperor. Was there such a person?
  He had never heard anyone mention it before.
 As for the Dali King, he swept his gaze coldly in all directions and suddenly attacked. He directly pierced through the void. His powerful body flashed with golden light as he threw one punch after another. As long as those origin doppelgangers encountered him, they would almost certainly die!
 This person's combat strength was unbelievably strong. Like Li Hao, he had also surpassed the limits of the world.
 At this moment, a figure dashed toward where Li Hao was hiding.
 In the darkness, a beam of sword light shot into the sky.
 Kachaa!
 The void shattered.
 The escapee was cut in half. He glanced at Li Hao and then at King Dali behind him. Suddenly, he burst into laughter and said,"Break the limit as well. Two tigers can't live on the same mountain ... Let's see which one of you dies!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he instantly collapsed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, dozens of divine guards gathered around Li Hao. King Dali had also killed the last origin doppelganger. He stepped on the air and looked at Li Hao.

 He had sensed Li Hao's presence earlier.
 He only frowned slightly and said calmly,""Where's Jiang Li?"
 Li Hao had actually come here.
 What about Jiang Li?
 In his opinion, Jiang Li could stall Li Hao for a while. Even if he couldn 't, he could at least deter Li Hao from leaving.
 But now ... Li Hao had come.
 Li Hao looked around and chuckled."There are many top-tier powerhouses in the Li Dynasty. These divine guards have many tricks up their sleeves. Of course, I'm more curious. This pair of gloves ... What's the origin of them?"
 "Didn't you hear me?"the king of Dali was still calm.
 "Yes, celestial ruler Batian ... But I've never heard of him before."
 The Dali King laughed."It's normal. In the early martial world, there were the nine emperors and four Emperors. The four celestial emperors were Zhan, BA, mie, and Dou. These people were all the top powerhouses in the early martial world!" Later on, the nine emperors and the celestial Thearch started the origin era. "The other four extreme heavenly emperors died in battle ... After that, they each had their own reincarnations. Celestial ruler BA, the sovereign that walked out of ccmau in the neo martial era, so everyone is more willing to call him iron sovereign, or ccmau sovereign ..."
  Li Hao suddenly realized something."So, the reincarnation of Zhan Tiandi is the blood Emperor?" he asked.
 "Yes,"
 The king of Dali seemed to know a lot, and he said lightly,""It's just that these few people don't think that they are each other's reincarnations. The past is the past, and the present is the present. Therefore, in the new martial era, these are no longer mentioned."
 Li Hao understood!
 So that was how it was!
 No wonder heaven battling city was so excited when the blood Emperor gave it the name.
 He thought back to the first time he had seen the word 'heaven battling' in heaven battling city. The blood Emperor seemed to have said that he was him and he was him.
 So, this glove was indeed left behind by a top venerable sovereign?
 "It seems that the Li Dynasty's King has also obtained some impressive inheritances!" Li Hao smiled.
 "In this era, or in any other era, no one can become powerful out of thin air. Everyone has their own opportunities!" The Dali King was unusually calm. For you to be able to reach where you are today, you must have had many opportunities. Why should you be envious?"
 "That makes sense!"
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 The next moment, he looked around and smiled,""The Dali King is not weak. He is unparalleled in strength. Why don't we ... Have a friendly match?"
 The Dali King's qi and blood rushed to the heavens and earth!
 He looked at Li Hao for a long time, then asked again,""Where's Jiang Li?"
 "Him?"
 Li Hao's expression was strange."It's nothing serious. He only lost two arms and one leg. He's fine now. He's gone back."
 The king of Dali fell silent.
 "Hand it over!" He sighed.
 "What?"
 "Beginner martial white jade bone!"
 The king of Dali looked at Li Hao with a cold look in his eyes."Hand it over, and this King will let you leave today!"
 Li Hao laughed. He laughed rather carefreely.
 He also grinned."I'm not as overbearing as the king of Dali. King of Dali, give me 70% of all the origin Energy you've collected tonight. In addition, give me 10000 sets of your tens of thousands of sets of armor, and I'll be satisfied. I don't think my request is high, right?"
 The Dali King laughed.  "Good! You can try!"
 "Li Hao, I was just looking for someone to test my sword!"
 Li Hao also laughed. If I was alone, I would have opened it a long time ago. I would have taken the initiative to open it and try out the world of swords! It's a pity that ... This world doesn't belong to me alone!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In an instant, the long sword lit up the sky!
 The void was torn apart!
 As if a chaotic space had been opened, Li Hao instantly entered it. He raised his sword and smiled.""Please! The star military governor's office, Silver Moon Martial Master, Li Hao!"
 The Dali King looked at him coldly. The divine guards around him wanted to enter, but the Dali King raised his hand.""Go back first! This King ... Would like to witness the power of the demonic sword!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he entered the chaotic space.
 The next moment, a sword light roared like a tiger and a fist shadow tore the world apart!
 BOOM!
 Heaven and earth exploded, and energy swept through the world!
 ,m At this moment, it was as if a sword and a pair of fists had appeared in the sky above the Silver Moon.  ……
 Within the primordial chaos.
 Li Hao was excited. He opened all the apertures in his body, and 230 balls of light appeared like the sun.
 The nine Holy pulses ran through his body.
 It was no longer in the form of divine text, but had opened its meridians in its body.
 It was connected to the bright star sector. As if endless energy was pouring in, Li Hao slashed out with his sword, and the sky was shattered.
 BOOM!
 The huge fist struck out, causing the starry sky sword to tremble. This was the first time he had met such a powerful person and weapon. This glove felt even stronger than the starry sky sword.
 Li Hao was even more excited!
 "Break me!"
 With a low shout, Li Hao pierced the sky with his sword like an assassin. There was no energy fluctuation, but the void was constantly shattered.
 The Dali King didn't say anything and just punched out!
  The void between the two of them shattered continuously.
 Li Hao drew his sword, drew his sword, drew his sword!
 He was getting more and more excited. He broke through the void and reappeared. His sword shook the world. Not far away, a shadow appeared above an ancient city. His expression changed. Before he could open his mouth, the sword light shattered the shadow!
 An angry curse was heard from the ancient city!
 Li Hao didn't care which ancient city he was in. He was invincible here and outside the world. Of course, perhaps ... The guy opposite him was the same.
 That night, a sword and a pair of fists lit up the Silver Moon.
 Shadows appeared above the ancient cities. Some people were shocked, some were surprised, and some were emotional.
 This was Li Hao ... The king of the Li Dynasty?
 They were perhaps the two strongest people in the world today.
 The void was torn apart, and it traveled thousands of miles, battling the heaven and earth.

 ,m This was ... The real peak!  That's right, the real peak experts with the origin power. The so-called peak experts, the so-called seven elements, were different from them. Unless the undying body appeared, no one would be as powerful as these true peak experts.
 In an era where the immortal body couldn't appear, these two were the ceiling of combat power in the world.
 They had both broken through a limit!
 They were both favored by the heavens and could display their strongest combat strength.
 ……
 "Is it the continuation of the venerable sword and the venerated Emperor of Jingwu?"
 In heaven battling city, general Huai was also somewhat emotional.
 Li Hao was using the longevity sword technique, while the Dali King seemed to be using the combat techniques of ccmau's venerable sovereign. Their weapons were also passed down by their respective families, but ... Why would the venerable sovereign of ccmau have his inherited weapon here?
 It was really strange!
  "Who can win?"
 General Huai asked. The old turtle shook his head. He did not know either. Both sides had reached the ceiling of this world. At this moment, who knew who would win?
 ……
 On this day, countless experts in the entire Silver Moon land were secretly watching the battle.
 At this moment, even the descendant of the sea Guardian from the North Sea had separated himself from his origin avatar and was watching the battle from the sea.
 On this day, even the sky in some places caught this scene. They saw the two of them cut through the void and disappear in a flash. A mountain disappeared in an instant, flattened by Li Hao's sword, and smashed into dust by the king of Dali's fist.
 It was unimaginably powerful!
 The battle had come so suddenly.
 Even the Silver Moon Warriors were surprised. Although Li Hao said that he was going to ask for some benefits, they didn't expect that the two of them would actually start fighting. Furthermore ... They were so brutal and merciless.
 The entire northern continent became their battlefield.
 Everyone was on tenterhooks.
 It would be a great disaster if either of them died. Although there was still Jiang Li, he might not be able to suppress the proud soldiers and generals of Dali once the king died.
 Similarly, on Li Hao's side, if Li Hao died, who would be able to suppress the ancient city?
 Who could suppress those arrogant Silver Moon martial masters?
 Perhaps, the star military governor's office would also fall apart very quickly.
 ……
 Northern continent.
 In a desolate land, the void split open again. Li Hao roared, and a crack seemed to appear in the void. Lightning rose, wind roared, five elements exploded, and light and darkness alternated!
 On the other side, the Dali King still only threw a punch!
 "Fancy!"
 The Dali King snorted. Li Hao had many tricks up his sleeve, but they were all useless in his eyes. The power of the five elements, the cage of heaven and earth, the wind, rain, Thunder, and lightning were all fancy.
 Everything in the world, only my fist!
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He looked up at the sky with his sword in the air. At this moment, the sword seemed to have turned into a great Dao. Li Hao bathed in the world, surrounded by nine stars!
  With a wave of Li Hao's hand, a great star crashed into the sky!  BOOM!
 The king of Dali punched again and again, shattering all the incoming stars. Li Hao spat out a mouthful of blood, and the king of Dali's face turned slightly pale.
 In the next moment, Li Hao's body expanded thousands of times.
 He turned into a giant!
 At this moment, even the people in the North could vaguely see the huge giant, which instantly broke the sky and the earth!
 Li Hao's eyes were like the sun and the moon, and his 230 apertures shone with Starlight.
 At this moment, Li Hao seemed to have become the universe.
 He smiled and said,"fancy?" You don't know the beauty of the great Dao, you don't know the wonder of martial arts. King of Dali, you are just a barbarian!"
 "I'll let you experience what the sun and moon are!"
 Li Hao bellowed, and a bright moon appeared in the sky, illuminating the world.
 The next moment, he raised his right hand, and a huge sun appeared!
 His left hand held the moon, and his right hand raised the sun!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, between heaven and earth, a giant that was like a god and demon, holding the sun and moon, smashed towards the king of Dali!
 The heavens fell and the earth cracked!
 The Dali King roared and threw a punch. It was as bright as the sun. BOOM!
 The loud noise continued, and the Dali King kept retreating. Blood flowed from the corner of his mouth, and he was also a little shaken.
 This Li Hao ... The more he fought, the fiercer he became!
 He seemed to have thought of something. In the next moment, he also roared and transformed into a giant. He suddenly traversed the void and approached Li Hao while staring at the huge pressure. He roared and punched out!
 BOOM!
 Li Hao took a step back, and cracks appeared on his body.
 "Your body ... Is only so-so!" The Dali King was overjoyed.
 Li Hao's body wasn't as strong as he had imagined.
  As expected, it was only his Dao law Divine Art that was strong.
 However, his physical body was slightly weaker than his.
 If Li Hao's physical body was as strong as his Dao, the Dali King felt that he would lose today. This guy's strength was beyond imagination, and his understanding of the Dao was much deeper than his.
 But now ... He saw an opportunity!
 This scene made some powerhouses thousands of miles away heave a sigh of relief.
 Fortunately, at least for now, there were still people in this world who could restrain Li Hao. Otherwise, who could rival the strength Li Hao had displayed?
 The world had not recovered, and no matter how many saints and Heavenly Kings there were, they could only watch and not do anything.
 The king of Dali ... Could not be defeated!
 At this moment, many people were also thinking the same thing. They couldn't think of anyone who could compete with Li Hao at this stage.
 At this moment, Li Hao, who was continuously retreating, suddenly laughed.""Fleshly body ... Isn't the only one! King Dali, I'll let you have a taste of my new move, which I've never used before ..."

 After saying that, Li Hao suddenly split into nine!
 They instantly stood in nine directions!
 At this moment, Nine Li Haos surrounded the king of Dali.
 It was as if a new universe had appeared between heaven and earth. Li Hao turned into nine great stars, and the great momentum suppressed them.
 "Lightning!"
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 One was a lightning Li Hao, and countless Thunderbolts roared out. The other was a hurricane Li Hao, and with a wave of his hand, the world's hurricanes struck.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, the nine Li Haos stood in nine directions and used all kinds of techniques.
 This was not enough!
 Suddenly, another Li Hao appeared in the sky, as if this was his real body. Holding the starry sky sword, he slashed down. The techniques of the others were suddenly integrated into this sword, and King Dali, who was in the middle, was sent flying!
  "Roar!"
 The Dali King suddenly let out a beast's roar. With this roar, he punched out like the roars of thousands of demons. With a boom, the barrier between heaven and earth seemed to be broken!
 The ten li Haos instantly merged into one.
 The king of Dali was covered in blood, golden blood dripping continuously.
 He panted heavily, and there were burn marks on his body from the lightning strikes, the fire, and the frost.
 The Dali King's eyes were cold as he looked at Li Hao, who was also panting.
 He was a little shocked!
 He was as confident as Li Hao. He also felt that no one in the world could defeat him!
 He was the strongest king of Dali in history!
 He had even suppressed the temple that had been passed down for countless years. Even the temple officiant could only work for him.
 He had led his troops to the Central Plains, schemed against the ancient city, and the hegemony of a thousand years was right in front of him.
 He only felt that Li Hao was a genius, a prodigy of this era.
 However, a chosen was not an Overlord.
 And he was!
 But in today's battle, although he was unparalleled in strength, he still found it difficult to defeat Li Hao. Although he did not lose, Li Hao had too many tricks up his sleeve. How could a Martial Master who had only trained for a few months have such a skill?
 All kinds of divine powers were easily obtained.
 Was he still a Martial Master?
 On the other side, Li Hao also smiled.""The king of Dali ... He's really good! I like martial artists like you!"
 His smile became even more perverted.
 It was really good!
 Being invincible in the world was actually very lonely.
 Of course, he wasn't truly invincible, but before his second recovery, Li Hao felt that the others ... Couldn't even withstand a single blow.
 Even Jiang Li wasn't as powerful as he was.
 Everything was under his control!
  If I want him to be strong, he can be strong. If I don't want him to be strong, he can 't.  However, this person had the blessing of heaven's will and could break through infinitely. Only such an opponent was interesting.
 If it weren't for the Li Dynasty's invasion, Li Hao would have wanted to enter the ruins and fight with some true undying fighters. He would have fought alone to sharpen his sword!
 Unfortunately, it was blocked by the Li Dynasty.
 Since that was the case ... Then he would use the king of Dali as a Whetstone.
 Whatever he wanted to do, whatever he wanted to test, he wanted to test it out on this person.
 Thus, Li Hao made a new move.
 Suddenly, he slashed his sword at the void!
 A divine rune appeared.
 'Dao'!
 When the Holy prose appeared, the void seemed to have been shattered by the sword.
 The Dali King's eyes changed!
 He wasn't the only one. At this moment, countless experts who were watching the battle changed their expressions.
 "The great Dao universe!"
 "New Dao universe!"
 That's right. At this moment, the starry sky sword seemed to tear the sky apart under the divine text of the word "Dao." Li Hao stood under the starry sky sword, and a vast power shook the sword. A special power of the bright star sector flowed down from the sword and instantly merged into Li Hao's body.
 "Is your physical body very strong?"
 At this moment, Li Hao absorbed this power, used the starry sky sword as the vessel, and the "Dao" character as the universe coordinates, and suddenly broke open the bright star sector. At this moment, the entire star dynasty felt a vast pressure.
 Li Hao's body was as dazzling as the stars.
 He laughed and threw a punch!
 Tiger roar!
 A fierce tiger appeared in an instant and threw a punch at the king of Dali. With a boom, the king of Dali swung his fist. With a bang, the glove was still there, but the palm inside the glove was instantly shattered!
 The force of the impact spread. At this moment, Li Hao seemed to carry the power of the universe. With one punch, he sent the previously valiant king of Dali flying, vomiting blood. It was extremely shocking!
 "Secret technique of five birds, Luan Tiger fist!"
  Li Hao chuckled. In the next moment, he let out an ape's cry. His huge figure swayed in the air like an ape and appeared in an instant. He was jumping and happy like a deer.
 In an instant, he appeared beside the other party.
 One punch!
 The void shattered!
 Hanging upside down like a monkey's tail whipping the air, he kicked the air with one foot. With a boom, the Dali King was kicked away. At this moment, the Dali King was so shocked that he could not extricate himself.
 He ... Was no match!
 Just as the Dali King was still in shock, a mechanical voice suddenly came from somewhere and said coldly,""After leaving this place, he can only display his invincible power near the starry sky sword and run through the great Dao universe. He doesn't have that ability yet. You can't continue to fight him within the area covered by the starry sky sword. Otherwise ... You'll die without a doubt!"
 The king of Dali instantly came to a realization!
 With a furious roar, he turned around and fled. He broke the Starlight barrier with a punch. With a loud boom, the barrier was shattered. Behind him, Li Hao punched him. With a bang, his back was shattered. But he couldn't care about that. He instantly fled.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, looked coldly in one direction and suddenly smiled.""Just you wait! I don't care if you're the head of the Zheng family or Li family's Li daoheng, but if you dare to interfere in my sparring match, it's a taboo in the martial arts world of Silver Moon. The world is in the pugilistic world, and I'll kill you after the second revival!"

 Without a sound.
 The voice from earlier seemed to have completely disappeared.
 No one knew who had just spoken. At this moment, in the sky above the ancient cities, there were experts using their spiritual power to probe in all directions, but they could not probe too far. Some people's expressions changed.
 Li Hao said that li daoheng of the Li clan and the head of the Zheng clan ...
 'How ... How is this possible?'
 As for Li Hao, he waved his hand, and the starry sky sword returned. The divine text of the word "Dao" flew back into his body. At this moment, the divine text was already somewhat shattered.
 In fact, Li Hao was only testing it out.
 Even if the other party didn't say anything, he wouldn't be able to hold on for long.
 The king of Dali did not run. As long as he held on for a while, the divine text would be broken. Li Hao would not let the divine text break, either, and he might not be able to kill the king of Dali in that time.
 However, he didn't need to say anything more at this moment.
  Li Hao waved his hand, and a screen appeared in the sky. Li Hao's voice resounded in the world."Demon Hunter Army, attack! Kill!"
 Silver Moon land.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Silver City.
 Everyone was stunned. A moment later, the ninth Division commander seemed to understand Li Hao's meaning and shouted,""All troops, attack! Kill! The king of Dali has been defeated. Kill the enemy!"
 At this moment, everyone could see the situation.
 The next moment, hundreds of thousands of soldiers roared and charged into the distance!
 Jiang Li's expression changed slightly. He could only shout,""Attack!"
 The two torrents instantly collided with each other.
 For a time, battle cries shook the world.
 At this moment, the morale of Li Hao's side was at its peak!
 Because just a moment ago, their leader had defeated the king of Dali in an invincible manner, and the king of Dali had chosen to escape!
 If not for the intervention of the ancient powerhouses, perhaps the Dali King would have been killed!
 The invincible king of Dali was terrifyingly powerful.
 However, they were still defeated by their leader!
 At this moment, the morale was at its peak. On the other hand, the morale of Dali's side was extremely low. Not only that, the king of Dali had taken away a portion of his elite soldiers, who were all extremely powerful. At this moment, the king was not in the camp. In an instant, although there were many powerful cultivators, they were still suppressed by the Heavenly Star Army, which was the vanguard of the heaven battling Army.
 The sounds of battle shook the world!
 The battle only ended when the king of Dali returned and a golden light shone on the world. The sky was lit up and the Li Army showed signs of collapse. The king of Dali had returned!
 With the Dali King's angry roar, the morale was restored, and they began to counterattack!
 In the direction of the silver Blizzard city, Li Hao returned through the void, his laughter resounding.""Return to the Army!"
 The star Army, which had almost reached the enemy camp, heard Li Hao's voice and chose to retreat.
 In the sky above the Silver City, Li Hao looked at the other side with a bright smile.""King of Dali, stay here and accompany me in training my soldiers! Don't run around! "The star military governor's office has millions of soldiers under his command. I'll have to rely on you, the Li Dynasty, to help me train an elite army! If you don't want to accept it, let the experts of the ancient city come. I don't mind getting some Origin Energy!"
 The king of the Li Dynasty did not say a word and only looked at Li Hao coldly.
 Beside him, Jiang Li had a complicated look in his eyes.
 He also looked at Li Hao. At this moment, he thought of the divine bone of beginner martial realm that he had lost, and his heart ached.
 Li Hao, however, ignored him. He looked around and into the distance, then said in a loud voice,""Before the second awakening, this world belongs to me, Li Hao! If you're not convinced, then come out. The ruins are yours, the darkness is yours, and the light and the sky belong to me!"
 Even though he was extremely arrogant, at this moment, all the ancient cities were extremely quiet.
 In an era where the main body didn't appear, who could rival Li Hao with a clone?
  Even the king of Dali, who had also broken through the barrier, was no match for Li Hao, let alone their clones.  Li Hao's words also made the millions of soldiers of the star Army extremely excited. Li Hao directly said that these people of the Li Dynasty were used to train their soldiers, and that they were simply ... Overbearing!
 On the other side, the king of Dali glanced at Li Hao, then ignored him and returned to his tent.
 As soon as he sat down, cracks began to appear on his body.
 Jiang Li's expression changed immediately.
 "King!"
 The Dali King shook his head slightly and said in a low voice,""It's fine. I just didn't expect that Li Hao ... Had so many tricks up his sleeve. I thought that no one in this world could fight me ..."
 After saying that, he suddenly sneered."Li Hao is just putting on an act to intimidate some ancient people. Don't think that he's much better than me."
 Jiang Li was suspicious, but he didn't say anything.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Silver City.
 While everyone was excited, Li Hao returned to the inspection Office. Suddenly, his body shattered, and blood gushed out.
 Yuan Shuo and the others were all shocked.
 Li Hao smiled."It's fine. My body is indeed not strong enough. The force from the bright star field is too strong ... I didn't open enough apertures. If I had a few dozen more, it wouldn't be a big problem. This king of Dali ... Surprised me. I didn't expect that guy to be so strong!"
 The ninth master, who had just arrived, saw this scene and sighed.""The Li family ... Are always like this. They can't escape the curse. Their bodies will collapse after every battle ..."
 Everyone was stunned, including Li Hao. The next moment, he suddenly burst into laughter.
 These words!
 As he laughed, he suddenly waved his sword, and all the blood on the ground turned to dust. Li Hao raised his head to look at the sky, frowned, and couldn't help but curse,""You dog, you actually want to steal my qi and blood!"
 After he finished speaking, he looked up at the void again. The eight trigrams diagram became clearer and clearer. He seemed to have seen something.
 Then, he thought of something and said,""Director Zhao, go to the Dali army camp and tell the king that the three major organizations might have raided his base. Of course, if they work together, just pretend I didn't say anything!"
 Director Zhao's expression changed slightly. He nodded his head and didn't say anything.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, looked at the eight trigrams in the sky and frowned again.
 As time passed, the eight trigrams diagram seemed to be clearer than before, but it was also a little dimmer.
 This was not a good thing!
 Of course, Li Hao didn't care about that at this moment. He looked at the crowd and said,""I'll continue to train. I'll be in seclusion for a few days to digest what I've learned today. This king of Dali has allowed me to experiment with many new combat stratagems ... He can be considered a good person. After I defeat him, if he's willing to be my sparring partner, I can spare his life!"
 “……”
  Everyone was speechless. These words were truly arrogant.
 The ninth master was silent for a while, then suddenly said,""Many people might die in this training ..."
 Li Hao glanced at him and asked in confusion,""This world does not belong to me alone. It belongs to everyone. I do what I should do, and everyone does what they should do. Only by doing so can we maintain the strength of the new era after I leave. Ninth Division commander, you are a valiant general in the Army. Why do you have such feelings?"
 He did not want to see a dead person, but he could not be the Savior of everyone's life. The world still belonged to everyone. Only by relying on oneself and self-improvement could the new era continue to prosper.
 Otherwise, it would be like in new martial arts. Once the human King and the sword venerable left, the others would seem to have lost their souls and fly around like headless flies without knowing what they were fighting for.
 Li Hao felt that there were many advantages to neo martial arts, but there were also shortcomings. Only when everyone was strong could they not collapse quickly after losing some people. In a powerful era, everyone should be strong, not just one person.
 At this moment, the ninth master did not speak again.
 However, he sighed in his heart. As expected, it was different.
 Li Hao ... Wasn't the human King.
 Li Hao was Li Hao.

