fileno%d
o, the glory of the earth was just a target for practice.
 In this place, a person was unable to leave and was destined to die.
 "How do I perform the third slash?"
 Li Hao was still thinking that two strikes were not a problem. He just didn't want to attack again. If he attacked again, he would forcibly break some of his Dao meridians and unleash an even more powerful strike.
 "The third sword ... Bright star sector!"
 Li Hao thought that maybe ... He could give it a try.
 Thus, at this moment, he threw out the starry sky sword. The void shattered, and the bright star realm seemed to descend upon the world.
 Could he draw upon the power of the sword doctrine area to make a sword strike across space?
 He didn't know!
 He could try.
  Since Zhang an was here, why not give it a try?
 "Sword Dao, gather in my body!"
 With Li Hao's shout, the sword Dao divine text in the bright star sector instantly gathered the energy from all directions, as if it was extracting the power of the great Dao. A powerful force spread out from the bright star sector and extended toward the starry sky sword.
 Li Hao rose into the air and grabbed the starry sky sword. At this moment, the sword trembled violently, and Li Hao found it difficult to control the scattered power of sword principle.
 But ... He just had to slash it out!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com On the other side, Zhang an instantly suppressed the other party, and Di Yao shouted,""Li Hao, Zhang an, you guys went back on your word. I helped you guys level up, but you guys repaid my kindness with ingratitude ..."
 He was in despair and let out another roar. His broken body suddenly exploded with a loud bang, causing Zhang an to stagger slightly. Even the book of Dao was slightly shattered.
 Meanwhile, a strong spiritual power, stained with some red, instantly escaped and dashed toward Li Hao.
 Seeing this, Zhang an was a little annoyed. He snorted coldly and the book of Dao turned into a big blade, which he slashed at the other party.
 Could the broken Saint still turn the tables?
 At this moment, Li Hao roared. A fierce tiger roared and rushed out of the starry sky sword. With a slash of the sword, the divine character "Dao" stabilized the power of the sword.
 BOOM!
 Heaven and earth were directly shattered!
 As the sword was swung out, diyao's mental energy trembled and he was a little frightened."How can you ... You can still attack ..."
 BOOM!
 The sword slashed down!
 The sound of explosions, curses, and everything else turned into a loud noise. A surge of mental energy instantly exploded!
 Li Hao's eyes, ears, nose, and mouth were bleeding, and the Tiger was in a terrible state.
 The starry sky sword seemed to have lost its luster.
 The long sword fell into Li Hao's hand.
 Li Hao was extremely exhausted, but he looked at the huge explosion of energy in silence. Everything seemed to have disappeared. The other party seemed to be completely dead, but his great Dao of origin did not appear.
 This Brilliant Earth cultivator should not be an origin realm cultivator, but a true red Moon cultivator.
 He was dead!
 A Saint had died just like that.
  Zhang an was a little surprised and surprised. He glanced at Li Hao, who made a second strike!  The first sword had already shocked him to the core, and the second ... Was unbelievable.
 He was about to say something when Li Hao's voice was heard.""I'll go out first. I'll use the divine Dao characters first. Senior, you can leave later ..."
 After he finished speaking, he disappeared.
 Zhang an frowned slightly.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly appeared.
 His aura was extremely chaotic.
 The crowd outside looked at him and hurried over.
 "Commander ..."
 Li Hao didn't say a word. In an instant, he forcibly opened some Dao meridians, and his body collapsed. The starry sky sword burst into brilliant light again, slashing the sky. He reached out and shouted,""Don't move!"
 Everyone was shocked. At this moment, Qian Wuliang, director Zhao, and Lin Hongyu were ready to move. Kong Jie's body was shaking as if she wanted to escape.
 However, he seemed to be forcing himself to endure it.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, roared and covered everyone with his hand.
 This included director Wang and director Zhou.
 "Don't move!" He roared again."Kill whoever moves!"
 Everyone was shocked when they heard this.
 In the next moment, they seemed to have travelled through the universe and entered the bright star sector in an instant.
 At this moment, all of a sudden, their faces changed color and they turned around to escape. Director Zhao, Qian Wuliang, and a few others all roared and ran toward the entrance with red eyes.
 Li Hao snorted."When you died, you seemed to be in despair. However, you lacked emotions. I guessed that you had your own thoughts!"
 Diyao knew that this time, Li Hao might not let him go. Zhang an was also here, so how could the other party not be prepared?
 The ten people who entered didn't seem to have changed much. Even Li Hao couldn't tell.
 However, Li Hao knew that some people had been deeply affected by the other party, and might even be reborn.
 However, he didn't expect that it wasn't just one person, but many people. Qian Wuliang, director Zhao, Lin Hongyu, and Kong Jie, four people, were all completely infiltrated.
  Just when Li Hao thought that there were only the four of them, not far away, director Zhou's eyes suddenly turned red. He suddenly appeared and punched Yuan Shuo, who was beside him, and sent him flying. With a roar, he instantly passed the others.
 Li Hao was shocked!
 Director Zhou didn't enter!
 He was actually affected!
 Of the 10 people, director Zhou and director Wang didn't enter. Even Li Hao was surprised.
 When did the other party do it?
 How did he do it?
 It was unbelievable!
 At that moment, director Wang reacted. He roared and punched out, stopping director Zhou from escaping.
 "Can you ... Get out of here?" Li Hao sneered.

 "Earth glory, do you think you can run away?"
 At this moment, a red light was emitted from their bodies. They were all in the voice of the earth brilliance, and they were all angry and roaring."Li Hao, are you going to kill your own people? They've already become one with me. Killing me is killing them!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. Suddenly, countless Thunderbolts gathered in the universe.
 At that moment, their expressions changed at the same time!
 "I see!"
 "The great Dao universe ... Is actually targeting the power of the Crimson Moon ..."
 They all mumbled. No wonder Li Hao could expel the Crimson Moon's power.
 He quickly realized the danger and knew that a real dead end was coming. He roared,""Send me out. Otherwise, if I die, these people will die too!"
 If not for the fact that Yuan Shuo's five elements were one and his momentum was too strong, it would be easy for him to encounter big problems while possessing Yuan Shuo's body.
 However, at this moment, including director Zhou, there were a total of five people. They were all Li Hao's core strength.
  Red light flickered on the five of them as they felt the horror of the great path universe. They roared at the same time,""Let us go! No, let any of them go ... I'll let the other four go. Li Hao, don't force me!"
 The power in their bodies was extremely unstable, and there were even signs of self-destruction.
 The glory of the earth was getting more and more nervous!
 He knew that it would be very troublesome this time, so he had already made preparations to give up his main body. As long as these people could leave, he could resurrect any one of them.
 However, they didn't expect Li Hao to drag them into the bright star sector.
 At this moment, the power of the great path gathered from all directions and surrounded them. Bolts of lightning appeared in the void, but they didn't attack immediately, because a divine character of "Dao" was blocking them.
 "Diyao, do you think you can escape?" Li Hao said calmly.
 The five of them spoke at the same time."If you let one of them go, I'll let the other four go. Li Hao, otherwise ... Even if you kill me, you won't feel good!"
 After he finished speaking, he became extremely alert. The power of the five people became even more violent.
 It could self-destruct at any moment!
 Li Hao was silent for a while. Then, he nodded."Alright. You can enter director Zhao's body. I'll let you go ... The others, stay!"
 With that, he slashed out with his sword, and a crack appeared in the void. Outside was the Silvermoon world.
 "No..."
 At this moment, the five of them spoke at the same time, and the voice of the glory of the earth resounded through the world,""Zhao Shuguang has a clone. Do you think I don't know about it?"
 As he spoke, he looked around and quickly said,""I want Qian Wuliang's body!"
 Li Hao frowned."Qian Wuliang is the weakest, while director Zhao is the strongest. I'm giving you a chance. Don't waste it ..."
 "No, I only want him!"Diyao's voice resounded in all directions.  Qian Wuliang's Dao Meridian was a bit special and seemed to match his.
 If he had to choose one out of the five, he would definitely choose li Wuliang.
 As for director Zhao, although he was powerful, he had a body from the same source, which made him extremely troublesome. It was easy for him to be locked on by the body from the same source, and Li Hao could kill him at any time.
 Li Hao frowned. After a long time, he nodded."Alright, hurry up ... Otherwise, you'll only be baptized by the lightning. I can't stop you."
 "Alright, here you go ..."
 At this moment, the four of them flew toward Li Hao, their bodies exuding powerful energy. They attacked Li Hao and the others with all their might. The powerful red energy illuminated the world, causing the lightning of the great path to riot.
 Li Hao's divine text of the word 'Dao' couldn't be stopped.
 In an instant, countless bolts of lightning struck.
 Diyao, who had possessed Qian Wuliang, quickly came out of the bright star field with a cold look in his eyes. The universe of the great path was actually so against the power of the Crimson Moon. No one knew about this unless they had come into contact with the two universes of the great path.
 Behind them, countless Thunderbolts erupted and enveloped everyone. The brilliance of the earth could already feel the other Crimson moon's power being rapidly destroyed. He didn't dare to stay any longer and immediately left the bright star sector to escape.
 At this moment, he suddenly lost control of his body.
 Qian Wuliang, who had lost his sense of self after being completely invaded by him, suddenly reappeared. The two consciousnesses were intertwining in his mind.
 "Governor, you're indeed wise ... But ... You really think highly of me!"
 With a little sigh and helplessness, he said,""I've caught your eye in every adventure, Governor ... True weapon Chu!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Diyao was shocked!
 After being invaded by the power of the Crimson Moon, and with his own consciousness here, how could he turn the tables?
  "The power of the Crimson Moon affects desire ... I ... Am one!"
 Qian Wuliang's laughter was heard. Suddenly, he controlled his body and flew toward the void universe behind him. Earth Yao was shocked and felt that it was unbelievable. He roared and quickly seized control of his body.
 At this moment, their consciousnesses were pulling each other. Their bodies were moving forward and backward.
 Diyao still couldn't believe it!
 The other party ... Actually ignored the influence of the Crimson Moon's power. This was unbelievable.
 At this moment, Qian Wuliang's voice sounded again,""Don't struggle anymore. Destroy your consciousness and leave your power to me. I have the hope of entering the fourth stage of Sun Moon tier and becoming the number one person under the military governor ... I desire to become stronger, senior earth glory ... Please grant me my wish!"
 That kind of desire, that kind of desire, that kind of greed ... It was even stronger than the earth glory!
 Diyao was terrified!
 How did this happen?
 At this moment, several Dao meridians appeared in Qian Wuliang's body, which were full of desires such as happiness, anger, sorrow, greed, lust, power, becoming stronger, and dominating ...

 All kinds of emotions surrounded the glory of the earth.
 "Senior ... Please grant me my wish!"
 Qian Wuliang begged,"please, senior, stop struggling. Please help me this time ... When I become stronger, I will give you a proper burial ... And build a Cenotaph for you!"
 "No..."
 Diyao was terrified. Was there someone more greedy than the people of the Crimson Moon world?
 How could this be!
 However, he couldn't control his greed. In the next moment, Qian Wuliang's greed won him over. He dragged his body and returned to the universe of Dao.
 BOOM!
 Countless Thunderbolts struck at him. With despair, unwillingness, and boundless anger, earth glory's voice was filled with despair,""Li Hao ... You're digging your own grave. This person is greedier than the Crimson Moon experts ... You'll be killed by him sooner or later ..."
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
  The lightning of Dao exploded and destroyed the power of the red moon. The light of Earth's consciousness was also struck out and turned into a red shadow. At this moment, Qian Wuliang was also being baptized by the lightning of Dao and washing his whole body.
 Di Yao wailed in pain and roared,""Li Hao ... You're going to die ..."
 Li Hao's face was calm. He watched the Thunderbolts of the great path attack the experts one after another and said in a deep voice,""Absorbing the power of a great Dao is your chance. You'll only get your chance if you take risks! Those at the third stage of the sun Moon realm, try your best to open a few Dao meridians and step into the fourth stage!"
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Countless Thunderbolts erupted, and the power of great DAOs gathered. Everyone began to devour. The few people who were originally controlled also woke up and were terrified. Director Zhao was even more resentful. He glanced at Li Hao and quickly began to devour.
 He was awake now. He hadn't forgotten what had happened just now. Li Hao had asked diyao to take him away ...
 Although he could tell that it was intentional, what if ... The other party had really taken his physical body away?
 Not a human!
 Li Hao, however, knew what he was thinking. He smiled and said,""Director Zhao still has a clone. If something really happens, the consciousness of the main body will be destroyed and the clone will be the main body. The person will still be alive ... It's worth taking the risk to kill a Saint! If we succeed, we will get a lot of benefits. I'm sure that they will choose Qian Wuliang. "
 Director Zhao was speechless.
 He didn't speak.
 On the other side, Qian Wuliang was wailing in pain. He had been attacked by the power of the Crimson Moon too much. At this moment, the power of the great Dao swept through his body as if it was going to crush him completely. At this moment, Dao meridians appeared on his body.
 They were all undiscovered Dao meridians!
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. He looked at him and said,""Absorb the power of a great Dao and activate those special Dao meridians ... That's the root of your divine power ..."
 After saying that, Li Hao 's' Dao' character swept across the world, and a large amount of great DAOs gathered toward him.
 Qian Wuliang was in great pain, but he didn't forget his manners."Thanks for your help, military governor ..."  "No, you fought for it yourself!"
 "I still have to thank you, Governor ..."
 Li Hao didn't speak.
 Qian Wuliang was in the greatest danger, and he even took back control of his body. Although Li Hao thought that he might succeed, it was still unbelievable.
 On the other side, the brilliance of the earth was bombarded by countless Thunderbolts.
 The consciousness of The Holy Road was still not completely destroyed. With some despair, he suddenly sneered."Li Hao...I ..."
 Before he could finish his words, suddenly, a sword slashed down and destroyed the sky!
 BOOM!
 The red shadow was instantly shattered into pieces. Li Hao reached out and grabbed it. Countless Thunderbolts bombarded him. Li Hao allowed the Thunderbolts to baptize him, sealing some of the apertures he had just forcefully opened.
 He laughed."Don't say wait for me. Don't say anything else ... If you die, then you die. A Sage's death is nothing to a macro world ... Don't think too highly of yourself!"
 BOOM!
 The last trace of red energy was completely destroyed, and the sound of the brilliant Earth disappeared.
 At this moment, some great DAOs surged into everyone's bodies, including director Zhou. Li Hao glanced at director Zhou and was slightly moved. Director Zhou, who had no origin Energy, couldn't connect to an origin great Dao. Yet, he wasn't killed by the great Dao universe ... This was interesting.
 This also meant that unless one had the power of the origin or the power of the Crimson Moon, they would not be targeted after entering the great path universe.
 At this moment, the others were all absorbing the power of the great Dao.
  Even director Wang was shocked.""When did I get affected a little ... That's scary!"
 Just now, his body had actually emitted a little red power.
 It was rare, and they were destroyed in an instant.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, the other party had silently influenced him a little, which was still very terrifying.
 Director Zhou opened his eyes and sighed,""I've probably been infected by old Zhao. Old Zhao had a few words with me before, but I didn't expect that he could be passed on to others ..."
 Director Zhao said helplessly as he absorbed the energy,""I didn't expect it either. Before I was controlled by the other party, I didn't think I was affected much ..."
 "Do you think we're the only ones he infected?" he asked solemnly. Back then, Ying Hongyue and the others were all completely infected. If that's the case ... This person might not be completely dead. He might be resurrected in those people. "
 He was not the only one present during the first recovery.
 Of course, everyone was too weak back then, so they did not go in after that. They also did not allow the other party to modify them like this time. However, was the glory of earth really dead?
 Perhaps, there was still hope of recovery in other people.

 Li Hao smiled."Don't worry. He's definitely dead. Don't forget that there's still Ying Hongyue!" Would he let the few people around him become the Earth's glory at any time and take his life? If I'm not mistaken, I should've already killed off the Crimson Moon force in a few of them. With the bloodlines of the eight great families converging, killing a little bit of the Crimson Moon force shouldn't be a problem. "
 He felt that he didn't need to worry about these people. Even if something really happened, it would be Ying Hongyue's problem.
 With Ying Hongyue's treachery, she might have already taken away the power of the Crimson Moon from the others.
 Everyone nodded in agreement.
 Ying Hongyue was also not to be underestimated.
 This was someone who had come into contact with the power of the Crimson Moon long ago but had not been controlled by the other party. He was extremely cunning and was one of the 36 heroes of the Silver Moon in the past. He was the existence who had founded the Crimson Moon organization and killed the red robes who had been monitoring him.
 Everyone felt that Li Hao's words were very likely.
 At this moment, everyone's aura was getting stronger.
 Everyone was overjoyed.
 Originally, everyone had reached the third stage of the sun Moon realm, but they usually only had the power of 16 meridians. The peak of the third stage of the sun Moon realm was at 18 meridians.
  At this time, after absorbing the power of the great Dao, almost everyone had entered the level of 18 meridians.
 The key point was that Qian Wuliang had absorbed too much power of the Crimson Moon, which led to more power of Dao around him. In the blink of an eye, he opened all 18 meridians and a few more special meridians.
 In the true sense, he had stepped into the fourth level of the sun Moon realm!
 He was also the 2nd person to enter the 4th stage of the sun Moon realm after director Zhao.
 As for director Wang, he had already opened 18 meridians. This time, he also had a small harvest. He opened another Meridian and stepped into the fourth level of the sun Moon realm, which was comparable to his early stage of immortal realm in the neo martial era. If he didn't bring his origin, his combat power was actually comparable.
 Everyone was extremely excited!
 This time, everyone had gained quite a bit.
 Yuan Shuo and the others had all entered 18 meridians and were only one step away from the 4th stage of the sun Moon realm.
 "This guy ..." Yuan Shuo said regretfully,"I thought he would take over my body and occupy me ... Damn it, he didn't choose me!"
 He was very depressed!
 As soon as he went, he said that he was Li Hao's teacher, and he wanted to use this identity to bait the other party.
 In the end ... Earth glory didn't choose him!
 This was infuriating!
 He knew that the more the Crimson Moon's power, the greater the harvest. He also wanted to take a gamble, but in the end ... He didn't have the chance.
 "They chose five people: the weak Kong Jie, the strong Zhao Shuguang, director Zhou who is not a new system, Qian Wuliang who is highly compatible, and the only female Lin Hongyu ... Why not me?"
 Otherwise, he would definitely be able to step into the fourth level of the sun Moon tier.
 Li Hao laughed."Teacher, when you combine the five elements and the five Forces into one, your mental power and force will be strong. Normally, people won't possess a body with too strong a force, as it's easy to cause a huge conflict. It's normal."
 Yuan Shuo sighed helplessly."That's true. I'm too strong. The other party wouldn't dare to ... But I'm still better than some people who don't have any special characteristics."
 For example, the overseer sword, the heavenly Sword, Chen Zhongtian, Huang Yu, and hou Xiaochen ...
 At this moment, the five people were all looking at him.
 Pointing at the Mulberry and scolding the locust, beating around the bush, this old demon Yuan, the older he got, the more difficult he became!
 They were too lazy to pay attention to him.
 At this moment, they couldn't help but look at Qian Wuliang, but no one spoke.
 This man ... Was able to resist all kinds of desires of the other party. In fact, everyone was very vigilant. The earth glory said that this Qian Wuliang ... Might kill Li Hao, and it might not be a lie.
 Li Hao, are you not worried at all?
 As for Qian Wuliang, even though he had reached the fourth stage of Sun Moon realm, he still looked humble. Seeing the others looking at him, he smiled and said,""Governor divine calculation. Even a Saint can't withstand a single blow in front of the governor!"
 "It's just a trapped beast,"
 Li Hao shook his head."He can't get out or escape. He still has senior Zhang an's help. He should've known that we're here. He has no way to escape!"
  Li Hao didn't accept the compliment. He smiled and said,""The key is ... I made the right bet this time!"  "Let's go out, senior Zhang an is still waiting for us!"He said. The earth glory is just the appetizer. A trapped Sage without anything to rely on is not a cause for concern!"
 He was not the first Sage he had killed in the light of the earth. He had also killed the red shadow in the sky Star Town. There were many unexpected factors.
 At this moment, Li Hao was even happier that he ... Should be able to make a third slash!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If that was the case, as long as the other party hadn't fully recovered and his strength was at the beginning level of the Saint realm, he was completely confident in killing him.
 The group of people walked out of the bright star Universe.
 As long as Li Hao didn't go too far, he could enter and exit the bright star Universe at any time with the help of the starry sky sword.
 Li Hao quickly picked up Zhang an.
 At this moment, Zhang an's feelings were complicated. He looked at the crowd. There were three at the fourth stage of Sun Moon realm!
 Director Zhao, director Wang, and Qian Wuliang ...
 He knew that something must have happened just now. Not only them, but the others had also improved and entered the peak of the third level of Sun Moon realm.
 Li Hao ... In the end, he didn't tell him the entire plan.
 The earth brilliance might not have been completely dead before.
 And Li Hao himself ... Might be able to kill a Saint.
 At this moment, Zhang an's feelings were extremely complicated. He knew that the day Li Hao could behead a Saint, perhaps ... That would be the day they would part ways.
 It was a little complicated, so he didn't say anything.
 He actually had a choice, but ... He was still a teacher and had hundreds of students. He had not made a choice yet, and he could not leave those students behind.
 Therefore, he could only watch helplessly as he went further and further away.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was in a good mood. "It's very good that you've all reached this level before the Great War! Director Zhao, come out quickly and I'll help you fuse with it. Perhaps, you can become the second cultivator at the fifth level of the sun Moon realm after me. Director Zhao is indeed amazing!"
 Director Zhao was speechless. After a long while, he said,"I still underestimated the ancients. The glory of the earth ... Is still a little scary."
 Li Hao nodded. Director Zhao was influenced by him, but he didn't realize it.
 It could only be said that the power of the Crimson Moon was indeed terrifying.
 However, Li Hao also thought of something and said,""Let's wait for a while. It won't be a big problem if I open some more Dao meridians in the future. Qian Wuliang has made a great contribution. As for those Dao meridians ... Is Wuliang willing to share them?"
 "Of course!"
 Qian Wuliang looked serious."I owe you a great debt of gratitude. From a young man to a cultivator at the fourth level of the sun Moon realm, you have told me everything. How could I hide the location of a few Dao meridians?"
 Everyone rolled their eyes. This guy was always flattering people. How disgusting!
 However, when he thought of those special Dao meridians, he sighed and didn't say anything.
 Li Hao smiled and nodded."Then I'll have to trouble you. Let's perfect the Dao together. Sooner or later, we'll create great glory!" A small world shouldn't be our lifelong goal!"
  Everyone nodded. At this moment, they were all a little emotional.
 The third level of the sun Moon tier. One more step and he would be at the fourth level of the sun Moon tier, the undying level. Currently, the experts that remained in the ancient city were only at this level. As for the Saints, they were a minority.
 Today, they could finally be considered to be on the same level as the ancient neo martial artists. They were resurrected, the kind that was completely resurrected and not the broken immortal from before.
 And all of this did not take too long.
 At this moment, everyone looked at Li Hao. Although Li Hao was as low-key as usual, looking at Zhang an and then at Li Hao ...
 Everyone suddenly felt that Li Hao might not be any worse than Zhang an.
 Even director Wang silently looked at Li Hao and then at Zhang an. He sighed. Zhang an, the grandson of the Supreme, had experienced the early stage of the neo martial world, but now, he was gradually losing his former glory.
 Was it because of the students?
 In his heart, he had a vague understanding of what was going on. It was a pity, a pity. Zhang an, do you still have to persist until all the students have made their choices?
 If that were to happen, it might be too late.

 When everyone returned to Silver City, it was already the afternoon of the next day.
 Three days later, the five parties would meet in the great wilderness.
 According to the other party's time, it would be the day after tomorrow.
 At this moment, although Li Hao didn't know the specific situation of the other party, he didn't delay anything. Instead, he continued to speed up his progress.
 The brilliance of the earth was an unexpected surprise.
 Originally, Li Hao had planned to learn sword intent, break his Dao Meridian by force, and then take the risk. However, the appearance of the brilliant Earth helped Li Hao a lot.
 ……
 Silver City.
 People from all over the world arrived one after another.
 On the other side, the pressure on the Li Dynasty began to increase.
  Jiang Li, who was in charge of the Li Dynasty, was very nervous, because Li Hao's people had gathered again. He knew how powerful Li Hao's side was. Li Dynasty was not like the Western divine Kingdom, and there were not many gods.
 In the entire Li Dynasty, the only people who could rival the Silver Moon martial masters and stop Li Hao were him and the king.
 The others, even the commanders of the divine guards, did not have the strength to do so.
 Just as Jiang Li was feeling extremely nervous, he heaved a sigh of relief. Someone had returned. It was the king of Dali.
 Yes, the king of Dali had returned.
 Outside the military camp.
 The Dali King floated in the air and glanced at the Silver City, frowning slightly.
 The communication was cut off.
 Even though it was impossible for Dali to communicate with Silver Moon before, once they crossed the Cang mountains, they could still communicate. But now, he could no longer contact anyone, including some of the intelligence systems he had set up in private. All communications had been cut off.
 From the aura on the other side, it was obvious that Li Hao was on the other side.
 The key was that Li Hao's stupid physical body had been killed by the clone of the expert who called himself red dust.
 It would be troublesome if Li Hao were to find trouble with them.
 "King!"
 "Your Majesty!"
 Many people saw him and saluted him. All the tribes respected and feared this powerful king of Dali.
 However, this time, the Li Dynasty had entered the Silver Moon and had been stationed there for many days. They had been fighting with the Silver Moon for many days, and although there had not been a large-scale all-out battle, they had been fighting all the time ...
 However, the experts on both sides didn't seem to care.
 Li Hao had run away, the king of Dali had run away, and then they had all returned. They seemed to have reached some kind of tacit understanding, which made many people worried.
 ……
 In the military tent.
 The king of Dali had returned, and the commanders of the divine guards arrived soon.
 Jiang Li would arrive soon.
  The king of Dali glanced at him and nodded slightly.""I'll be away for the next few days. You, Li Hao, and the others will go to the West and tell me what happened."  Jiang Li didn't say much. He quickly told them what had happened while he was following Li Hao.
 The Dali King frowned slightly.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Even a Saint-level master had appeared.
 Saints were beyond the limits of the current stage. Fortunately, there were still some restrictions. Outside, even if they could attack, they couldn't be reckless. It might not be a big problem to block one attack.
 The divine Kingdom of the West was not weak.
 Or rather, he was very strong.
 There were desolate beasts in the great wilderness, and the Empress Dowager of raincloud was also an expert. In fact, the entire raincloud Kingdom relied on this Empress Dowager. This was somewhat unexpected.
 On Li Hao's side, he had also roped in some neo martial artists, but ... It seemed that he had not completely reached an agreement with them.
 He suddenly laughed."Interesting ... Fortunately, we didn't become the target of all parties. Li Hao's side isn't weak at all. It's a pity ..."
 He shook his head.
 It was a pity.
 Li Hao's side had already become the target of public criticism. Even he had only had a temporary peace with Li Hao. It was impossible for the Li Dynasty to stand on Li Hao's side, because Li Hao's side had too many things to face.
 It was very troublesome!
 Moreover, Li Hao's side didn't have much chance of winning at the moment. The Li Dynasty was also an independent dynasty, so how could they easily side with Li Hao? that would be the true path to death.
 As for last time, when Li Hao said that he would be included in the attack on the ancient city, the king of the Li Dynasty didn't care.
 At this stage, the small ruins were fine, but the eight major cities should not think too much.
 They all had Saints!
 Li Hao's side also had one, but ... From Jiang Li's words, the other party was more on neo martial arts 'side than Li Hao's side. As a result, they could not threaten the main city.
 As he thought about it, he suddenly thought of something and said,""The day after tomorrow, all parties will gather in the great wilderness. This place isn't too far from the great wilderness, but it will still take half a day. Tomorrow, we will set off for the great wilderness!"
 "Your Majesty ... You're going to the vast wilderness?" Jiang Li was stunned.
 "Yes,"
  The Dali King nodded."The guy who worked with us has a clone. He calls himself Hong Chen. He's a terrifying guy. I suspect that even if he's not a venerable sovereign, he's at least a Heavenly King!" It's just a clone, but it's already giving me a lot of pressure ... Li Hao's clone was also killed by him. "
 "What?"
 "This ..." Jiang Li was shocked and said in a hurry.
 No wonder he felt that the atmosphere wasn't quite right these two days.
 On Li Hao's side, there was a sense of daggers drawn. Would something happen?
 "He's dead,"the Dali King sighed.
 "My King ..."
 "Whether it's me or anyone else, there are two biggest threats at the moment. One is Li Hao, and the other is the Western divine Kingdom."
 King Dali said,"but the Western Kingdom of God also has some disadvantages at present. They are absolutely hostile to neo martial!" "Although Li Hao didn't manage to win over neo martial, he can still maintain a balance with them. Moreover, the other side is willing to support them, such as heaven battling city."
 "In this case, Li Hao's side is a greater threat than the Western divine Kingdom. Even if it recovers a second time ... Li Hao can still cooperate with neo martial, while the Western divine Kingdom can only maintain its current situation."

 The Dali King sighed and said,"so ... Li Hao, who occupied the center, must die!" "Also, everyone needs the Heavenly Star Mine. We need it, the other three parties need it, and there's also the red dust party ... So, we can only deal with him."
 "Of course," he continued,"we'll wait for this meeting to end and see if we can reach some conditions. Let's see how much each party is willing to contribute and how we'll distribute it in the end ..."
 Jiang Li, however, frowned again and again, Your Majesty ... Li Hao is not easy to deal with! He might not be invincible outside, but there aren't many people who can stop him. "
 "Also, the other party has Zhang an's support. Even though Zhang an is outside and his strength is limited, at the current stage ... Unless a few powerful deities from the Western Kingdom are willing to pay a huge price to kill him ..."
 "Let's try and talk about it. Besides, it's impossible for the world of mortals to be unprepared."
 He looked at Jiang Li and said, you seem ... A little scared?
 The Dali King frowned slightly,"officiant, are you afraid?" It shouldn't be that bad, right? Although Li Hao is powerful, I think it's too much to say that you're afraid of him. He's not weak, but even if the officiator uses the bone of beginner martial, he might not necessarily lose to him. "
 Jiang Li wanted to say something but stopped.
 Li Hao's side was terrifyingly strong and despairing ... But it wasn't to the extent that it was despairing.
  Furthermore, they had lost to the divine Kingdom of the West.
 The second time didn't count. The first time, Li Hao lost to the Queen of the West.
 However, on that day, when those people had returned to recuperate and laughed, he felt that this group of people ... Would not be so easily defeated.
 "My King, you don't think that Li Hao's side can turn the tables, do you?" he said after some thought.
 The king of Dali thought for a moment,'as long as I can restrain Zhang an, he won't have any hope of turning the tables! The key to this meeting is Zhang an. No matter which side it is, as long as they have a way to take down Zhang an ... Li Hao and the Silver Moon Martial Master can definitely be dealt with if they join forces!"
 Without a doubt!
 The strongest Li Hao was not even as strong as the Queen of the West.
 The other Silver Moon martial masters couldn't even escape from the Kings, and the Army could easily defeat heavenstar. How was Li Hao supposed to turn the tables?
 The capital of the Li Dynasty couldn't think of any other opportunities for Li Hao.
 Crazy killing?
 Once Li Hao activated his frenzied killing mode, it was inevitable that red dust would be the first to come out and kill Li Hao when the second recovery began.
 Who asked him to be a member of the Li family!
 After a second recovery, the Li Dynasty and the other countries could still compromise, but for Li Hao ... It would be difficult.
 Today, Li Hao had no other way out.  "Don't show any hostility for the time being," he said."There's no need to evacuate the Army either. We'll make arrangements after the meeting is over and we've made a decision."
 Jiang Li still wanted to say something.
 The Dali King frowned slightly and waved his hand,""The rest of you may leave, but the officiant may remain."
 The others quickly left.
 "Is there anything else, officiant?" the Dali King frowned after they left.
 Jiang Li was silent for a while. Then he said slowly,"Your Majesty, you also wanted to suppress the ancient city and have a battle between the strongest cultivators in the world. Why ... Did you change your mind? why are you joining forces to besiege Li Hao?"
 The Dali King sighed,"we'll go with the flow!" If the Li Dynasty chose to make peace with Li Hao, it would probably be the first country to be destroyed since it was not as strong as Li Hao. No matter how strong the God of beginner martial is, he has his limits now. Moreover, the side of the mortal world seems to be gentle now. If I refuse ... The Li Dynasty may become a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood!"
 The enemy hadn't massacred anyone yet because they were cooperating with the other forces. As for the central region, it was because Li Hao's side was present.
 However, if Dali refused, the king of Dali would not be able to bear such a price. If Hong Chen led his men to massacre Dali, who would be able to save him?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com No one can!
 The other factions would not kill people without restraint, but the red dust faction would.
 To deal with this group of people, the only thing they could do now was cooperate.
  "But if we really kill Li Hao's side, the other side will also recover!"
 Jiang Li frowned."They killed Li Hao and cooperated with the four nations. Their ultimate goal is to revive the world and make them come out in advance. Even if we really kill Li Hao, they will come out eventually. From the looks of it, the other main cities that haven't been revived or other people ... Can't fight against them!"
 By then, wouldn't it still be troublesome?
 Jiang Li sighed."So ... The best result is that all parties restrain themselves from killing so that the second revival won't start ahead of schedule. We need to conserve our energy, find the ancient city that betrayed us, and suppress them. At least, we can't let their clones come out ... This is the best way at the moment."
 This time, Jiang Li was much more rational than last time. He said,""Your Majesty's previous intention was to restrain the other party ... But ... Is the other party really that terrifying?"
 The king of Dali was silent for a while, but he still nodded. "It's terrifying! Not just him, but also Ying Hongyue. At this moment, Ying Hongyue might still be in the Li Dynasty. I can't act rashly. If I do anything with Li Hao, I'll be gambling with the fate of the country! As for when the second recovery begins, if these people come out ... If they come out, the Li Dynasty will at most withdraw its troops. It's just a small country on the border, and the enemy's target will not be us. "
 "The king is afraid?"
 "Are you afraid?" the king of Dali laughed.
 He wasn't afraid, but he still shook his head. "It's not that I'm afraid, but the Li nation can't afford to pay such a price. The officiant's role should be reversed. If I decide to work with Li Hao and you decide to negotiate with the five parties, that's right. Today is going to be interesting!"

 He laughed.
 Today, the two of them had different views than usual.
 Of course, it was related to their encounter.
 He had met Hong Chen and Ying Hongyue, while Jiang Li had followed Li Hao's group. Both of them felt that it was difficult to provoke the other party, so their views were different from usual.
 The Dali King laughed for a while. Suddenly, someone outside the door said in a low voice,""Your Majesty, someone from the Heavenly Star military governor's office has come to visit!"
 "Let him in!" The king of Dali's expression changed slightly.
 "Yes, sir!"
 Soon, the tent was opened, and a man walked in.
 "Congratulations on the return of His Majesty, the king of Dali!" The man smiled brightly as he entered the room.
 "Who are you?"
  "I Am the Messenger of the governor's office, Qian Wuliang ... King Jin 'an!"
 Qian Wuliang was smiling, but the king of Dali frowned.
 Qian Wuliang wasn't a famous person.
 He was just a nobody!
 However ... This person ... Was very strong!
 It was a little unbelievable.
 He could sense that this person might have reached the middle stage of the sun Moon realm. Was he mistaken?
 How was that possible?
 At the current stage, Jiang Li was the only one in the entire Li Dynasty who had reached this level without using the divine bone of beginner martial realm. How could a nobody be on the same level as him?
 "Li Hao?"
 ? Qian Wuliang was stunned for a moment, but he quickly smiled and said,"Your Majesty, you misunderstood me. The governor is in a meeting at the Silver City and has no time to come. I've specially ordered me to come and visit you. I also want to ask ... Why is the governor's avatar not back yet? is there any accident?"
 "Commander," Qian Wuliang said in a low voice,"I would like to know if the clone was killed by Ying Hongyue or the traitor of the ancient city. Can you tell me?"
 The Dali King frowned slightly.
 Not Li Hao's clone?
 He even suspected that the other party was Li Hao's clone.
 "He died at the hands of the traitor of the ancient city," he said slowly."The other party called himself red dust."
 Qian Wuliang didn't say anything. He glanced at the Li Dynasty King and told the truth.
 "The governor sent me here to ask, if the betrayer of the ancient city appears ... When will the four kingdoms and the other party start the talks?"
 The Dali King's heart moved.
  "A meeting?" he glanced at Qian Wuliang.  Qian Wuliang chuckled."Now, the star military governor's office is powerful and has many martial masters. We are United. It will be difficult for any party to deal with us. The only way is to join forces ... But the four countries have not contacted each other for many years. The only way is through the ancient city. Then, we will have a meeting, right?"
 It was such a simple matter.
 There would definitely be.
 "It's okay if you can't answer it, Your Majesty. "Qian Wuliang laughed.
 He had already confirmed that the other party would definitely have a discussion.
 But ... When and where?
 He didn't ask much."The governor also asked me to bring you some words. He wants to ask ... Where is the king of Dali going?" he said.
 "What do you mean?" the king of Dali asked in a dignified manner.
 Qian Wuliang put away his groveling and said seriously,""Does the king of Dali want to walk the same path as them to the end, or do you choose to continue working with the governor? If they were to walk this path to the end ... The military governor would have no objections! The governor said that everyone has their own ambitions, but since I'm representing the governor as an envoy, I still hope that the Dali King will think twice before he acts!"
 Qian Wuliang said seriously,"if the king of Dali thinks that the star military governor's office is weak and can be defeated by the five-party alliance, then he's underestimating the star military governor's office!" For the sake of the world, for the sake of all parties, and for the sake of the people, the governor is unwilling to kill. Otherwise ... The Li Dynasty's million-strong Army would have been annihilated long ago!"
 "Laughable!"
 The Dali King said coldly,"threatening this King?" Li Hao, do you dare to kill him?"
 Qian Wuliang laughed,"why not?" If he killed them, would the world revive a second time? But ... Must they all be killed? With the death of the king of Dali, perhaps the Li Army would directly surrender! Even if they didn't surrender, there were other ways. For example, they could bring them into the ancient city and kill them. They could revive the ancient city but not the world! There's still a way, but it'll be disastrous!"
 "The military governor doesn't want the people of the world to suffer, nor does he want to become anyone's chess piece. If the military governor is willing to compromise with neo martial, heaven battling city, martial Union, and many other ancient cities will be willing to support the military governor! It's just that the governor wishes to create an era that belongs to the Silvermoon people!"
 He looked at the king of Dali and felt his hesitation.
 This King might have the same concerns as Li Hao.
 At this moment, she was feeling very complicated.
 "If the king of Dali has any ideas ... You and officiant Jiang can come to the silver Blizzard city tonight to see the governor!" Qian Wuliang said.
  The king of Dali frowned slightly."What do you mean?"
 "If you're willing, then come. If you're not willing ... Then forget it!"
 Qian Wuliang chuckled."I've delivered what you wanted me to say. This time ... Many things have been decided."
 "Wuliang, farewell!"
 He turned around and left.
 The Dali King frowned slightly and suddenly reached out to grab him.
 Was this person really powerful or was he just bluffing?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Qian Wuliang reached out his hand, but Qian Wuliang dodged it in an instant. The next moment, a special wave spread out, and the entire Army suddenly became violent. In an instant, several people rushed into the tent with red eyes and looked like they were going crazy.
 One by one, they stood in front of the king of Dali without a care for their own safety. They roared like wild beasts and blocked the king of Dali's arm.
 Qian Wuliang didn't even turn his head, and he was still laughing,""King of Dali, the millions of soldiers of Dali are just puppets to me. If I want to ... I can make the Li Army rebel at any time."

 "Hmph!"
 "Hmph!" A cold snort shook the world.
 BOOM!
 A wave of aura dissipated instantly as heaven's will gathered over with an unparalleled might.
 The previously turbulent military camp instantly quieted down.
 Qian Wuliang had already disappeared. In the tent, the guards were shocked and terrified. They were so angry that they stopped the king of Dali!
 This ...
 "This subordinate deserves to die!"
 The divine guards turned pale, and the king of Dali frowned slightly.""Cultivate well. The willpower of the few of you is too weak!"
 There were so many divine guards, but only these few were instantly controlled. This also meant that their willpower wasn't strong.
  But ...
 He looked at Qian Wuliang who was leaving in the distance, and his expression changed a bit. An unknown guy under Li Hao's command was so ... So powerful that he could easily control his divine guards and even cause a riot in the Army.
 What kind of ability was this?
 Jiang Li suddenly said,"his name is Qian Wuliang. He was recruited by Li Hao in SuperPower City. He recruited thousands of supers in one day and was captured by Li Hao. Two days ago, he represented Li Hao to visit ancient cities. However ... He was captured by Li Hao. He was only at the level of suguang and mountain sea realm ..."
 He frowned slightly."How did he ... Suddenly improve so much?"
 "This person is said to be good at reading people's minds," he said."The Silver Moon Martial Master doesn't like him. He's a despicable man ..."
 He hadn't seen Qian Wuliang for only a few days.
 How did he suddenly become so powerful?
 It was incredible that he could control the guards to resist the king of Dali.
 If he were to control the Army ... Not to mention all of them, if tens of thousands of people rebelled, then the million-strong Army might be faced with a disaster!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was too terrifying!
 This was even more terrifying than you killing tens of thousands of people with one punch.
 The king of Dali's expression also kept changing."This person's ability is special, instantly causing everyone to lose control. As for his strength, from the looks of it, he has probably really stepped into the fourth stage of Sun Moon tier, but ... He wasn't targeted by the heaven and earth ..."
 He frowned slightly."The limits of heaven and earth seem to have increased a little. Has it been restored a little?"
 Recently, heaven and earth seemed to have stabilized a little more.
 This speed was getting faster and faster.
 He could easily appear at the fourth stage of the sun Moon realm.
 He himself was only at this level. Of course, he believed that if they were to fight, this fellow would not be his opponent.
  Jiang Li also frowned slightly. According to the realm of Heavenly Star, he was only at the third level of Sun Moon realm.  If he used his divine bones, he could reach the fourth rank.
 "So ... Qian Wuliang has surpassed me?"
 "His improvement is a little superficial ... Maybe he just got it."
 The king of Dali added, and then he said softly,""Li Hao knows!"
 He knew about the meeting.
 He just didn't know the time and place, but he could easily guess Hong Chen's thoughts. His senses were sharp.
 He had discovered something wrong so quickly.
 "My King, then ..."
 Are you going tonight?
 The king of Dali was silent for a while.
 With mixed feelings, Jiang Li didn't say anything else.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Silver City, Inspection Office.
 "Everyone," Li Hao said calmly."From now on, you are not allowed to leave this place or send any messages to the outside world!"
 "Tonight, late at night, we will head to boundless city and destroy it!"
 The moment these words came out, everyone was greatly shocked.
  Nan Quan had already rushed back, and he was a little pale.""Boundless city, the ancient city of the Zheng family? Didn't they say that the head of the Zheng family had betrayed them? You've even stepped into the Heavenly King level. Governor, this ... Is not appropriate!"
 Director Wang's expression also changed. He was also a member of this meeting.
 "The Zheng family is 99% likely to be a traitor," Li Hao said calmly.
 He looked at director Wang and then at Jiang Ying and Li,""Whether it's sun Xin or song Jue, they're all saying that the Zheng family is a traitor! Of course, you might say that the Zheng family has been set up ... But regardless of whether it's true or not, at this stage, the Zheng family is the most likely to be the one! I don't care if I've been set up or not. The other party is the most suspicious person, so I'm going to take down the old city of the Zheng family!"
 Li Hao said calmly,"I'll try my best not to cut off their great Dao of origin unless they betray the ancient city. They still have a chance to be resurrected on the day the Stargate opens." If the ancient city had betrayed them ... They would be destroyed! It's easy to tell if he betrayed us or not. General Huai of the heaven battling city is considered powerful, and even with my help, he only recovered a little ... If the Zheng family has the full battle power of a Saint ... That's unusual!"
 "Without the battle prowess of a Saint, it can be easily defeated. With the battle prowess of a Saint ... It's a City of Traitors. There's no doubt about this, right?"
 Director Wang sighed and said,"No objections! However ... If the head of the Zheng family had really betrayed them and was still in the main city, he would be sending himself to his death! There's a 99% chance that he's become a Heavenly King. Heavenly Kings ... Even without the power of the great Dao's origins, they're unbelievably powerful!"
 At this point, he hesitated for a moment and said,""We can invite director Zhang ... To participate! With director Zhang's status, it would be great if the Zheng family gave their permission, but if the other party didn't ... That might be the problem! They're the biggest suspects now, so they need to be investigated ..."
 He looked at Li Hao."If that's the case, if there's any problem with the Zheng family, we can get director Zhang to join them. He'll definitely be of great help!"
 "Commander, you can bring the Heavenly King's body with you," Jiang Yingli said."Although it's a little broken, it's still very powerful. Teacher can go alone. If there's a problem, teacher's mind and body can merge together. Even if there's a Heavenly King, we can delay him for a while."

 
 Speaking of this, he continued,"in addition, the other side doesn't have as many Guardian monster plants as heaven battling city. Heaven battling city's situation is a bit special, so they have 37 Guardian monster plants. Boundless city had 25,24 support monster plants, and one main Guardian monster plant, all belonging to the mahogany family. The locust tree branch is strong, but the peach tree branch is much weaker. Of the 24 Guardian monster plants, most of them were peak level back then, with very few undying, at most three to five. However, their main Guardian monster plant is called Tao Xiao, initial Saint level. "
 "These are the equipment for the peak combat power."
 He then continued,"there's also the array in the city ... There are many arrays in the city, but the most important one is the monster plant protection array. You've seen it in the Heavenly Star Town. It seals everything and focuses on defense! As for the formation that the Zheng family built ... I don't know everything about it. "
 "Also, for the main cities, the city itself is an extremely powerful weapon ... But it needs the city Lord seal to be activated!"
 He looked at Li Hao."The city Lord seal also has the ability to kill enemies. You didn't see it last time, but I used it to kill an incomplete Saint. It's very powerful. You have to be careful of the techniques left behind by the Supreme-being on the city Lord seal ... But they can be broken!"
 Li Hao looked at him. Director Wang hesitated for a moment, but still said,""It can be broken by the starry sky sword!"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows. Director Wang was a little conflicted, but he still continued,""The starry sky sword is the representative of the sword Master. The sword Master is the superior of the eight main cities and the master of the Silver Moon. Even the Supreme authority has to be controlled by the sword Master here!"
 "If the other party uses the city Lord seal, the starry sky sword can offset the killing power of the city Lord seal."
 "Also, the starry sky sword represents many things ... Some of the authoritative weapons of destruction have the hope of being offset."
  Li Hao was surprised."The starry sky sword ... Has so many uses?" he asked.
 "Right!"
 Director Wang nodded,"that's why out of the eight godly weapons, the starry sky sword is the most important!" Unless you are a descendant of the Li family, a direct descendant, or the permission of the sword Saint, it is almost impossible for the starry sky sword to be recognized as its master. Even ... A descendant of the Li family is not allowed to do so!"
 He looked at Li Hao with a strange expression."Venerable the sword would not casually hand over his authority to a descendant of the Li family. This thing, if used properly, can even overturn the Silver Moon. If you can use it ..."
 This was strange!
 Li Hao laughed. The starry sky sword hadn't recognized him as its master for a long time. Of course, there was no need to mention this.
 This thing might have given birth to its own spirit. It might not be very smart, but it definitely had some intelligence. When it was in the hands of the sword Saint, there was a high probability that it did not have a spirit.
 Li Hao calculated and finally said,""According to what you've said, the most terrifying result would be that the commander, vice commander, and the monster Plant Guardians would all be Sage level. The second son of the Zheng family, who was at the peak of immortal realm back then, could also become a Sage level, and the family head would be a Heavenly King. One Heavenly King, four Saint ranks...At least 20 undying level, peak level, at least tens of monster plants might still be alive, plus some directors ... At least 40 to 50, right?"
 "Yes!" Director Wang nodded,"if you think of the worst possible outcome ... It will definitely be so!"
 "In addition, there must be a large number of soldiers in the city. It doesn't matter if there are a few, but if there are many ... They will be very powerful!"
 Li Hao nodded again.
 At this moment, the others had grave expressions.  "The undying realm is between the fourth and seventh level of the sun Moon realm," Li Hao continued."The eighth and ninth levels of the sun Moon realm should exceed the undying realm, but they might not be able to match Saints."
 "The absolute peak is between the seventh level of the mountain sea realm and the third level of the sun Moon realm ..."
 "If we follow what director Wang said, we might not lose to them in the Paragon level, but as for the undying level ..."
 There really wasn't much.
 Li Hao said softly,"we have very few at the fourth level of the sun Moon realm!" However, if the other party hasn't fully recovered ... If he hasn't fully recovered, then he's not scary!"
 "Saints ... The worst-case scenario is that there are several of them, or even Heavenly Kings ... However, we've determined that the head of the Zheng family can't stay here and might even take a few powerhouses with him ... Only The Guardian monster plant is definitely here!"
 At the very least, it would be a Sage. At most ... No one could be sure.
 "There's a Saint-level master ... I'll deal with him!"
 Li Hao looked at everyone."The results of teacher's investigation are that the other party might be pretending that he hasn't recovered. This means that ... We have an opportunity. The other party won't believe that we dare to attack a main city guarded by a Saint!" So ... Even if there are two saints ... As long as I can get rid of one first ... I can deal with the rest!"
 "The key is still the undying level ... All those at the third level of the sun Moon realm and above have to deal with undying experts!"
  Even so, it might not be enough.
 Li Hao was silent for a while, then said,'you all have to fight above your level! If the enemy hasn't fought for many years and hasn't fully recovered, then those at the fourth level of the sun Moon realm would have to deal with middle or even late stage undying, and those at the fifth level would have to deal with peak and late stage undying ..."
 "On our side, there are only a few people who have reached the middle stage of the sun Moon tier. Director Wang, Qian Wuliang, director Zhao, and the Emperor guards are also willing to fight. They have barely reached the undying level."
 It was too little!
 As for the others, like his teacher, they might have a chance against some early stage immortal realm experts, but it would be difficult for them to deal with stronger ones.
 Furthermore, there were very few existences at the third level of the sun Moon tier.
 In terms of combat strength, they were at a complete disadvantage.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Everyone might have to fight someone of a higher realm.
 Neo martial artists were not weak either. Now, they could only rely on the fact that the other party had not fought for many years, had not recovered, and had not fully recovered these advantages to cross ranks and defeat them.

