1250

!"
 Mu Lin reminded him. Li Hao waved his hand, and the door opened. He was a little confused."Did she say what she wanted to see me for?"
 "No, he just said that he had something important to see the governor ..."
 "Commander gave her 200 star dollars, she didn't lie?" Mu Lin said nonchalantly.
 "There was such a thing."
 Li Hao nodded.
 Mu Lin understood and sighed in his heart. He was not human!
 He looked like he was only fifteen or sixteen.
 Li Hao didn't think much of it. So what if he spent 200 star coins?
 He had been generous for once.
  It was just a surprise that the other party had actually come to his door. He thought about it and did not ask Mu Lin to drive him away. Instead, he stood up and said,""Let's go and take a look. Did we give fake money last time?"
 Mu Lin didn't say a word and followed silently.
 He had already thought of countless possibilities, and ... Could it be ... Could it be?
 The governor was going to have a child?
 However, it didn't seem too bad.
 However, he had to be sure that it was the governor.
 MMH!
 Li Hao was too young, so he had to take this seriously.
 "Brother ermu, what are you thinking about?"
 "Ah?"
 "I'm asking you a question!"
 "What?"
 Li Hao was speechless. So what if it was a forest?
 "I say, did anything happen in the city today? how's the situation with the nine divisions?"
 "No, no... It's just that the night patrolmen have shown their might. The nine divisions have remained silent. There's no movement from them until now."
 "Yes."
 Li Hao nodded and didn't ask any further. Could it be that the Golden spear had left, so Mu Lin was a little absent-minded?
 He walked out. The north side of the city, where the guards used to be stationed, had been requisitioned by them. It was now the temporary Heavenly Star military governor's office.
 In fact, Li Hao should've built a governor's office in Heavenly Star.
 However, the governor's mansion, strictly speaking, was still under the jurisdiction of the royal family. He did not take it seriously. The governor's mansion was still better. It was only under the jurisdiction of the night patrolmen, and the night patrolmen were in their own territory. Although the official was low, he could avoid the royal family.
 At this moment, outside the courtyard, a girl was waiting anxiously. The Wei Wu Army invited her in, but she did not go in and just waited outside.
 Some of the martial masters in the Wei Wu Army also had gossipy gazes.
 A woman was looking for Li Hao.
 She was still very young, and it was said that Li Hao had given her 200 star coins ... This news had already spread throughout the Wei Wu Army. From afar, she could even vaguely see Chief Steward Yu's figure, but she didn't know if he had been sent by hou Xiaochen to gossip.
 Li Hao hadn't thought of this yet. If he did, he would probably kill a few to intimidate them!
 You're insulting my reputation!
 ,m ……  When Yuqi saw Li Hao, she was very excited.
 From far away, he hurriedly ran over with a face full of joy but also a little apprehension.""Um ... Lord ... Lord li, do you still remember me? The one who went with you to Jiusi Street last time ... I also said that you can come to the East City to find me whenever you need me, my Lord. My name is Yuqi ..."
 Li Hao nodded. Of course he remembered. His memory wasn't that bad.
 As for Mu Lin, his expression became even more complicated.  I'll still look for you next time ... It's really ... Incredible.
 "Yuqi, right? I remember!"
 Li Hao laughed and said,"it can't be that the money you gave last time was fake?" It can't be, right? Those star coins aren't mine, I got them from killing people. If they're fake, I'll make it up to you ..."
 "No, no!"
 Yuqi hurriedly shook her head. How could this person think so?
 "My Lord, I'm looking for you for something ..."
 "Don't call me Lord, call me big brother!"
 Li Hao said casually. Seeing many people looking at him, he was a little confused. What are you looking at?
 I can't have someone I know?
 When he sensed the gossiping gazes, he seemed to have thought of something. He turned to look at Mu Lin, only to see that Mu Lin's eyes were filled with disbelief, as if Li Hao was not human ...
 Li Hao finally understood!
 Li Hao didn't change his expression. He laughed and said, "Let's go in and talk. I haven't had the chance to thank you for sending me to the Nightwalker headquarters last time. It's not easy to earn money alone at such a young age!"
 Everyone was stunned.
 Riding a bike and giving it away?
 Just this?
 Just this!
 Mu Lin was also stunned. Isn't it what I thought?
 Li Hao patted Mu Lin's shoulder."Brother ermu, don't just stand there. Go and do your work!"
 "Oh, oh, oh, okay!"
 Mu Lin hurriedly nodded.
 Li Hao walked in with Yuqi.
 Just as they entered, behind them, Mu Lin suddenly felt a sharp pain in his body. In the next moment, he suddenly screamed, scaring the Wei Wu Army into thinking that the enemy had attacked.
 Mu Lin hurriedly waved his hands. At this moment, his hair was straight as lightning bolts exploded on his hair, making it stand straight.
 Mu Lin's entire body was numb from the electricity. He bitterly smiled. Who did it? was there a need to ask?
 So powerful!
 The moment he patted himself, there was probably a superpower hidden in his body. It only exploded after he left and almost burnt him to ashes.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "The young lady's words are ambiguous ... Why did you bomb me?"
 How could he not know that Li Hao had figured it out and was taking revenge on him?
 What a narrow-minded person!
 ……
  In the hall.
 Li Hao smiled, looked at Yuqi, and said casually,""Have a seat. What's the matter?"
 "My Lord ..."
 Seeing that she didn't change her mind, Li Hao didn't say anything more.
 "I ... I have something to report!"
 Report?
 Li Hao was a little surprised. He thought for a moment and said,""Did someone owe you labor fees when you rode a bike to send someone off?"
 What else was there besides this?
 Yuqi was a little depressed. How could it be possible?
 Besides, you're the only one who knows how to give someone a ride on a bicycle. Who would be so silly ... And so generous!

 Yuqi looked around cautiously. Seeing her sneaky look, Li Hao couldn't help but laugh.
 What was he doing?
 "This is my territory. No one else, not even the nine divisions! "Who do you want to report? just say it directly. I was just about to kill someone to establish my might. Of course, I'll let the other people in the governor's office deal with the minor characters ..."
 "It's an important figure!"Yuqi said hurriedly.
 "A Big Shot?"
 Yuqi didn't keep him in suspense. Since she was already here, she naturally hoped to get Li Hao's help.
 "My Lord, I want to report a lot of people," she said hurriedly."There are the princes of the royal family, the big shots of the nine divisions, the principal of the star super Academy, and ... And the big shots of the inspection Office!"
 She gritted her teeth."I'm going to report them! They killed the innocent and took things by force!"
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
  He took a look at Yuqi. She was just an ordinary person and a child. She didn't look like she was dressed well, and last time, she had even tried to solicit for money. How could such an ordinary person report a Prince, the director, and the big shots of the nine divisions?
 He looked at her with a frown, and Yuqi gritted her teeth again.""There ... There are benefits! As long as my Lord is willing to make the decision for me, I will ... I will tell my Lord the location of the ruins!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. You know about the ruins?"
 "Of course!"
 Yuqi decided to go all out. She clenched her teeth and lowered her head, not daring to look at Li Hao."I know the location of a ruin, and it's ... Different from other ruins. Many of them are places where martial arts, armies, or sects are located. This one ... Seems to be ... Seems to be a University for research and development. It's not a martial arts university, but a Research Institute or a Research Institute."
 "As long as my Lord is willing to make the decision for me, I'll tell my Lord where I am and how to get in ..."
 She was really going all out. She raised her head and looked at Li Hao."I ... I don't dare to tell anyone, but I believe that you are a good person. In the entire dynasty, perhaps only you are willing to make decisions for me and the Yun family!"
 The Yun family?
 Li Hao thought of one person, Yun Yao.
 Of course, it was just a flash.
 He looked at Yuqi and said with a slight frown,"Tell me in detail, what's the situation?"  "I ... I am Yun Yuqi of the Yun family's third generation. My grandfather is Yun Haoran, the headmaster of the Heavenly Star ancient Academy. Five years ago, my grandfather was killed in my home. My grandmother, my uncle, my aunt, my third uncle, my parents, and my aunt also died with him ..."
 She lowered her head and gritted her teeth,"originally, those people wouldn't have let anyone off, but my grandfather used a special method to hide me ... To hide me!" My entire family was killed by them. Not only did they kill my grandfather, but they also forced my grandfather to tell them the location of the ruins. My grandfather didn't tell them, and in the end, he died a tragic death!"
 "It wasn't enough that they killed my grandfather. They also killed many people. They killed some teachers of the ancient academy and many students. However, they announced to the public that they were killed by the three great organizations."
 "I know who was involved. When my grandfather fought with them that day, he shouted some people's names ..."
 "Yun family ... Yun Haoran ... Heavenly Star ancient Academy ..." Li Hao's face darkened.
 He seemed to have heard of this name before. After thinking for a moment, he suddenly said,""Senior uncle Hong mentioned it once before, but I didn't pay much attention to it. I remember now. A few years ago, Yun Haoran ... Haoran Research Institute ..."
 He thought of something and asked,"is there a Haoran Research Institute?" "Some of the ancient courtyards even accepted students ... But they closed down not long after. I remember a few years ago, I heard from someone at the Silver City ancient courtyards that there was a Haoran Research Institute in the capital. It was a Holy Land for research that many people dreamed of, but it closed down not long after it was established ..."
 He remembered!
 Yuqi hurriedly nodded."Yes, it was founded by my grandfather. He originally wanted to recruit knowledgeable people in the world to promote some things together, but later ... My grandfather died, and this Research Institute was abandoned. It's been five years."
 Li Hao suddenly felt that fate was a strange thing.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com When he entered the ancient academy, the Research Institute had already closed down. However, there were still many people in the ancient academy discussing it. The news was obviously a little slow, and it didn't seem to have been long. In the end, his entire family had been killed five years ago.
 No, he still had a granddaughter alive.
 But Li Hao didn't know much about this. He was a little confused. These big shots were going to kill the Dean of the ancient academy together?
 Why?
 Previously, Hong Yitang seemed to have mentioned that this person was committed to promoting some things, but he stopped after his death.
 Seeing Li Hao's confusion, Yuqi knew that he probably didn't know much about it. She clenched her teeth and said hurriedly,"You might not know about my grandfather's past, but you must have used the products he developed."
 "The electric lights and power system you're using now were promoted by my grandfather 15 years ago. The cars and trains are all products of the Research Institute, and the communication Jade system and communication system ... They were all promoted by my Grandpa!"
 "My grandfather said that we should first improve the transportation and communication of the dynasty. This way, we can quickly unify the dynasty and allow information to spread quickly. This will allow the public to accept new information more easily, and we can also allow the population to move around ... This will allow trade and commerce to prosper, and people from small places can quickly enter the big cities to complete the population exchange ..."
 She didn't say it very clearly, so she just said vaguely,""Then, five years ago, my grandfather joined forces with the world ancient Academy to improve the reform of the education system ... But not long after, he was killed ... Those people didn't want my grandfather to continue!"

 "Moreover, many of the technologies have been stolen and sealed by them. They are not willing to let these technologies be completely spread!"
 At this moment, Li Hao was somewhat shocked.
 "You mean ... The current electricity and transportation systems were all promoted by your grandfather?"
 "Right!"
 Li Hao took a deep breath. He really didn't know what Yun Haoran did for a living, so he couldn't be blamed for being ignorant.
 In fact, almost no one had mentioned this name.
 It was already good enough that he knew.
 However, after hearing what Yuqi said, Li Hao felt that it was unrealistic. It turned out that ... He had been in contact with the other party for a long time. Having electricity was a big step forward for the entire dynasty.
 With electricity, many things had changed.
 With cars, it would be easier for people to travel. Li Hao remembered that there was a period of time when roads were being rapidly built in various places, as if they wanted to connect with the system of the entire dynasty. He did not expect that it was related to Yun Haoran.
  He was dazed for a moment and then frowned.
 He instantly understood why the imperial family and the nine divisions wanted to kill him!
 Previously, he had mentioned this to Hong Yitang, and Hong Yitang had said that everyone hoped for the people to be ignorant and not to be enlightened.
 However, with the development of communication and transportation, news would spread faster, and the flow of people would increase. By then, even the people in remote areas would quickly become intelligent.
 If they were to start a reform of education, once it was successful ... How would they be able to wipe out the People's wisdom?
 If Yun Haoran didn't die, who would?
 Li Hao frowned. This matter was not easy to resolve.
 He had just had a big fight with Jiusi, and they had barely managed to maintain peace. Now, even the royal family was involved. If he launched an attack, it would be equivalent to forcing them to join forces to deal with him!
 You're looking for death!
 The imperial family and the nine divisions were keeping each other in check, which gave Li Hao a chance. However, if Li Hao had the intention to avenge Yun Haoran's crime ... He would really be courting death.
 Then, he thought about what Hong Yitang had said. He wanted to enter the Heavenly Star ancient Academy. It was an ancient Academy, not a superpower Academy.
 As for Hong Yitang, he seemed to be hoping to obtain some inspiration from the ancient academy. Hong Yitang should know about Yun Haoran.
 "Do you have evidence?" Li Hao asked after a moment of silence.
 "There are!"
 Yuqi looked at Li Hao and said,"I have ... A very clear video recording!" "Perhaps you don't know what it is. It's something that completely recorded your every move. It was actually promoted, but it was later removed ..."
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Right!"
 "How did you know?" she asked, puzzled.
 "Silver Moon has surveillance equipment ... Of course, I know that."
 Yuqi was a little surprised,"is there a Silver Moon?" "However, ever since my grandfather died five years ago, these things and these technologies have been banned from being spread. Even if they existed before, they will be destroyed. This is the order of the dynasty!"
  "The dynasty can't control Silver Moon!"  Li Hao smiled, somewhat surprised. Silver Moon was actually using a forbidden technique?
 Of course, there were also very few silver moons. Only the inspection Office had a few of them, and he had hardly seen them anywhere else. So, they had been destroyed.
 "Where's the video?"
 "Daren has agreed to help me make the decision?"
 Li Hao's head hurt."This ... Is very difficult to handle. I want to kill them all in one go. You know that won't work. I don't have that ability ... But I'll accept your report!"
 "You ... Can't do it either, Sir?" Yuqi was a little disappointed.
 "The nine divisions and the imperial family have joined forces!"
 Li Hao didn't regard her as an ignorant person anymore. He sighed and said,""I won't be able to deal with them by myself, even with Silver moon's help. Of course, anything is possible. How about this? it seems like you're not too confident in me, so you can keep the item for now. I'll look it up and understand the details."
 This was no small matter.
 Li Hao suspected that once he got involved, the nine divisions and the imperial family would join forces to counterattack. It would also be a big problem if Hong Yitang entered the ancient starry Academy.
 However, the nine divisions and the imperial family might not care about it now, because they were lacking in many things. Hong Yitang was not Yun Haoran.
 For example, the research and development of some key technologies, the lack of talents ... Even if Hong Yitang opened another ancient Academy, he wouldn't be able to achieve this.
 The ancient ruins that Yuqi mentioned might be the key.
 Yuqi was a little depressed, but she also knew that it was indeed very difficult. She forced herself to say,"Sir, it's okay ... I just ... I just can't accept it. I know it's very, very difficult ... There's only a trace of hope on your side. Otherwise, no one can take revenge for the Yun family."
 "Don't worry," Li Hao comforted him."If it's really as you say, I'll definitely think about it. But it'll take time!"
 "Does anyone know your identity?"
 "No, I didn 't,"
 "Then ... You can stay here for now. Many people will pay attention to you since you're here today. If we investigate further, we might find out your identity ..."
 "I ..."
  Yuqi wanted to go back, but after some thought, she felt that Li Hao was right. If she went back, her brother and others might be involved.
 Moreover, apart from Li Hao, she really couldn't find anyone else who could help her.
 After some thought, Yuqi said,"my Lord, if you want to know the location of the ruins, I can tell you, but ... We may not be able to enter it now. There should be a key to the ruins, but we can't enter it now. The key is lost, and I don't know if it was taken away by the nine divisions or the imperial family ... They don't know where it is, but I do."
 She still explained it clearly, in case Li Hao felt that she was lying to him. That would be troublesome.
 Li Hao didn't mind."It's fine. There's no need to rush."
 Indeed, he didn't care too much about it. He was more concerned about improving his martial arts.
 Of course, it would be even better if he could obtain some research results from the ancient civilization. It might be of great help to Hong Yitang's next actions.
 Next, Li Hao called over Xie Lan of the Jade Sword School and made some arrangements for the little girl. He didn't say much, only that he would help clean up ...
 Alright, the Wei Wu Army looked at him like a beast again. Li Hao felt that these people needed to be taught a lesson!
 Did he forget that he had taught the Wei Wu Army a lesson the first time he went there?

 After letting Yuqi settle down, Li Hao checked Yun Haoran's information through the night patrolman.
 He didn't look for anyone else. He was afraid that his intelligence system would be infiltrated, so he directly asked Yao si for it.
 As for Yao si, he was rather cooperative this time. He directly got Xiao Ye to send over a pile of information, a lot of it.
 The Yun family's matter was no small matter.
 It seemed that only a family had died, but there were even cases of city destruction these days. Two days ago, even the old Secretary who founded one of the nine divisions had died, and nothing had happened.
 But Li Hao was still very careful.
 The imperial family and the nine divisions had joined forces to kill him. If this matter was not handled properly, it would cause a lot of trouble.
 These people obviously didn't want the Yun family's Affairs to be mentioned, nor did they want the technology that the Yun family had mastered in the past to be promoted again. Some things were difficult to stop once they started.
 ……
 Li Hao carefully read through the book in the old and shabby room.
  He roughly understood Yun Haoran's identity and status.
 The headmaster of the Heavenly Star ancient Academy had been working hard to promote all ancient technology decades ago. In the beginning, Yun Haoran had provided them with a lot of technical support in order to obtain the support of the nine divisions and the imperial family.
 This included the manufacturing methods of military equipment, such as firearms, artillery shells, and so on.
 This would be beneficial for the nine divisions and the imperial family to control the dynasty.
 After that, they started to promote the electricity system, which was an Industrial Revolution. Because it was difficult to manufacture guns and shells without a perfect industrial system, they pushed for the electricity reform.
 It had to be said that this person was not a simple nerd, but he had his own ideas. He would first give the organization in power a taste of sweetness, and then slowly push it.
 However, gradually, it began to be greatly restricted.
 When the communication system was promoted, many things were cut off. For example, communication could only be done within the same city. The television and the like recorded in ancient books were all cut off. Communication was smooth in small areas, but it was not allowed in large areas.
 Five years ago, Yun Haoran was no longer satisfied with the status quo. He proposed an education reform, using the ancient Heavenly Star Academy as the foundation. With the support of many ancient Academies, he was prepared to set up new Academies and accept a large number of students of appropriate age. The starting point would be ten million students.
 This time, it shocked everyone.
 Not long after, his entire family, young and old, were killed.
 "He's taking big steps ..."
 Li Hao mumbled. After reading the information, he felt that Yun Haoran seemed to be a little anxious at the end. In the beginning, with the support of the imperial family and the nine divisions, things had been going smoothly. Why did he suddenly decide to speed up five years ago?
 The Heavenly Star ancient Academy had been open for several decades, and they hadn't been in a rush. Now, they were suddenly in a rush. This was a problem.
 ? All of a sudden, he would have to establish tens of thousands of schools and recruit tens of millions of students.
 It would be strange if the nine divisions and the imperial family didn't kill you.
  We've been working together for so many years, how could you not know what they were thinking?  If you dared to recruit so many people in a year and wanted to make it a permanent status, what would others do if you were given eight to ten years?
 "Furthermore ... We don't have enough funds, manpower, and resources. We don't even have enough teachers. There are tens of thousands of schools, and each school has ten people. We'll have to recruit more than 100000 teachers. How can we have so many teachers ..."
 Li Hao thought to himself,"besides, the other regions might also try to stop him. What did Yun Haoran think at the last moment?"
 He thought of Hong Yitang again.
 Hong Yitang had also been bringing up the issue of education.
 Was education really that important?
 Li Hao was literate and had received education from the ancient academy, so he didn't have much of an opinion on this. However, he knew that leaving the ancient academy could change one's life, and that joining the inspection Office was a good start.
 As such, Li Hao did not have a clear understanding of the severity of the issue of education. Furthermore, Silver Moon did not forbid him from doing so. In fact, he was rather supportive of Li Hao's education, and he even received financial aid from Silver Moon.
 Silver Moon gave these needy students a portion of their allowance, even though it was not much.
 "Since Yun Haoran and Hong Yitang said so, it's obvious that this is a key step in enlightening the people!"
 "The nine divisions of the royal family are also very clear about this, so they don't allow this to happen. They monopolize technology, wealth, martial arts, and educational resources ..."
 After monopolizing all these, the people below would have no conditions to jump around.
 "Drawing energy into the body and becoming a superpower has been monopolized. In the past, only a few large organizations or night patrols had the right to draw energy into the body ..."
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Li Hao sealed the information. He had his own ideas. At the current stage, he couldn't fall out with both sides at the same time. On the contrary, even if he didn't accept the offer from the royal family, he couldn't show any hostility.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com They needed to feign civility with the imperial family and work together to restrain the nine divisions.
 Otherwise ... It would be a pincer attack.
 "I can break the nobles 'monopoly, but I can't break their Foundation to become the human King. They have a bottom line, and that is ... At the critical moment, they will unify the world and become the human King. They have such a Foundation ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao finally understood what both sides needed.
 If that was the case ... Then Education Promotion was not desirable.
 Once they did, it would be a joint attack from both sides.
 "In the eyes of the royal family, I've killed some aristocrats. At the critical moment, I can abandon some aristocrats and win over the hearts of the people. It's a good thing instead ... So I don't involve their fundamental interests. Moreover, most of the people I'm killing now are from the nine divisions ..."
 He also quickly saw through the imperial family's thoughts.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao suddenly smiled.
 Yun Haoran's incident allowed him to understand some things. In addition, Hong Yitang's words made him even more clear on how to maintain the current balance.

 Thinking of this, he suddenly stood up and walked out.
 The Black Panther quickly followed.
 After eating a drop of demon blood, the Black Panther's fur became even smoother. As for its strength, Li Hao didn't know. This dog was more of a Martial Master than a Martial Master, so it was hard to see through it.
 ……
 Jiusi Street.
 The moment Li Hao set foot on this place, powerful auras enveloped him.
 Li Hao frowned and looked around.""What are you doing? Do you think I can't come here? Do you have any objections to going to the nine Dragons Pavilion for a meal?"
 The surroundings were silent, and the aura was still enveloping the area.
 Li Hao didn't bother to pay attention to him and went straight to the nine Dragons Pavilion.
 At this moment, auras were still following him. Li Hao did not mind and stepped through the door. The female manager was surprised to see Li Hao. She hurried forward and said with a smile,"The military governor is here!"
  This smile was much more radiant.
 Li Hao also smiled. Look, this was the benefit of killing people. After killing so many people, even these arrogant Imperial spies became more polite each time.
 "The same place ... Forget it, I'll go to the private room of the criminal Division this time. I killed old Hu, so I'll keep his private room in the future!"
 As soon as these words came out, the hall became a little strange.
 Some people quickly left.
 Some people had been chatting, but now they all fell silent. Some of them had already seen Li Hao run away.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Now that Li Hao was so arrogant, who would dare to provoke him?
 Of course, the crowd also admired his arrogance!
 One had to know that this place was surrounded by the nine divisions. Was he not afraid of being surrounded and killed?
 How bold!
 Most of Silver moon's martial masters had left, and there were only a few left. Wasn't li Hao afraid?
 However, Jiusi seemed to have accepted the situation and did not make a move.
 The more confident Li Hao was, the more cautious Jiu Si was.
 After suffering a few losses and losing many magical powers, who would dare to rashly fight again?
 If Li Hao had some other tricks up his sleeve, wouldn't a large number of people die?
 Without absolute confidence, no one dared to make a move.
 The female manager didn't say much. She hurriedly led Li Hao upstairs and said in a low voice,""The governor lives in the north of the city, which is quite far from here. If you want to eat it next time, you can contact the nine Dragon Pavilion. The nine Dragon Pavilion can also send it out. The governor doesn't have to come here every time."
 It was indeed not safe to come here.
 Li Hao thought that the other party was disgusted and laughed."What, I don't have money? I can't afford it? Am I a freeloader? I've killed so many powerhouses, do you think I don't have money to spend?"
 Well, the first two times, he was a freeloader.
 This time ... It might be the same.
 It was normal to be despised by others.
 The female manager didn't say anything more. She just smiled. Li Hao was so confident that she didn't say anything more.
 A moment later, Li Hao went up to the ninth floor.
 It was extremely quiet.
 In the past, a few secretaries would come to eat every day, but now he didn't see a single one. They were all much more low-key, or they were busy competing with the royal family and didn't have time to come.  Li Hao entered the private room.
 "Ask your Pavilion master to come out for a chat," he said directly.
 The female manager was slightly embarrassed and whispered,""Governor, you may not know, but our Pavilion master is a member of the royal family ..."
 "A nobleman even more noble than the king of the plains?"
 "This ..."
 The female manager was also confused. Why did Li Hao want to see the pavilion master?
 Li Hao's visit seemed to be for this. She pondered for a moment. Was he planning to cooperate with the royal family?
 However, the imperial family was not easy to deal with. As a secret agent of the imperial family, she knew a lot. The imperial family might be more difficult to deal with than the nine divisions. Li Hao's involvement with the imperial family might have led a Wolf into the house.
 However, at this moment, he couldn't refuse.
 "Then ... I'll go and report!"
 "Go!"
 Li Hao slowly sat down. Very quickly, the waiter began to serve the dishes in large quantities.
 ……
 After drinking a few cups of tea and eating something, footsteps could be heard from the door.
 There was a knock on the door.
 "Come in!"
 The next moment, the female manager led a person in. Li Hao turned his head and saw that it was a woman in her 20s or 30s. She was wearing a luxurious robe and her hair was tied up simply.
 After entering the house, the female manager helped the woman take off her shawl and brocade robe, revealing her impressive figure and the tight-fitting brocade clothes.
 "Marquis heavenstar, I've long heard of you!"
 The woman's smile was very standard, and it was particularly warm and brilliant. Li Hao, on the other hand, looked a little awkward. This smile ... Was exactly the same as the one he had trained in the inspector's office.
 It was a fake standard smile.
 "Governor li, this is my Pavilion master, and also the seventh Princess of the royal family," the female manager quickly introduced.
 Li Hao looked at the other party, smiled, and gestured for Black Panther to move aside.
 Heibao jumped off the stool and gave up his seat.
 "Your Highness ... Please have a seat!" Li Hao said with a smile.
  “……”
 The female manager's expression changed slightly, but the seventh princess's expression didn't change. She went up and sat down directly, as if she didn't care that it was for dogs to sit on. She smiled and said,""It's my honor. I've heard that the Black Panther is a direct descendant of an ancient Fey and has a strong bloodline. Even though the ancient civilization has passed away, its bloodline has been passed down. I would like to have a good chat with the great senior black Panther."
 The black leopard raised its head and ignored him.
 Li Hao also sighed in his heart. He really knew how to talk.
 I told you to sit in a dog's seat, and you're so talkative. Why don't you just marry Heibao?
 "There will be a chance!"
 Li Hao chuckled and looked at the seventh Princess warily.
 The other members of the royal family didn't show up, and the king of the plains was in charge of Foreign Affairs. However, the seventh Princess controlled the nine Dragons Pavilion, so she wasn't a simple person.
 As for his strength ... He could not tell at all!
 It wasn't something that could be explained by a mere Martial Master. The other party was definitely wearing something that could hide his aura. It could even hide all his energy. He must have a powerful origin god weapon that could hide his aura.

 Or even the bronze mirror shards!
 Li Hao had one himself, so he knew how powerful it was.
 When he entered the nine Dragons Pavilion, he had a feeling that he was being watched. Therefore, this place might also be under surveillance, or it might even be with the seventh Princess.
 Without waiting for Li Hao to speak, the seventh Princess took the initiative and said with a smile,""Two days ago, Marquis heavenstar killed some of the parasites that caused chaos to the country. It was worth father's efforts. The Royal uncle of the Pingyuan region actually colluded with Jiusi. It is a shame to the royal family. Fortunately, Marquis heavenstar killed him. Otherwise, outsiders would think that the royal family is full of parasites like Jiusi!"
 What a good talker!
 As soon as he arrived, he said that the king of the plains was a traitor, a traitor to the royal family.
 The poor King of Pingyuan had been working hard for the royal family for many years, but in the end, he had ended up like this. He even had to bear the crime of colluding with the nine divisions and betraying the royal family.
 Li Hao instantly understood that there was no point in talking nonsense with this person.
 He was much more experienced in politics than Li Hao.
 He didn't try to play dumb and went straight to the point,""I won't talk about the empty stuff, it's meaningless. Can the seventh Princess represent the royal family?"
  The seventh Princess chuckled."That depends on what the matter is. Of course, if I can't decide, I can contact my father directly and let him talk to Marquis heavenstar. I wonder if Marquis heavenstar is satisfied?"
 "I'm satisfied!"
 Li Hao sighed and said, women are not inferior to men! I thought the royal family was all like the southern Fist ... Cough, cough, I'm wrong. He's a Silver Moon Martial Master. I almost talked about myself. "
 The seventh Princess was still smiling brightly."Master he has a genuine and unpretentious temperament. He has served in the palace for many years and has even raised an outstanding talent like the ninth Royal brother. He has the courage of a Silver Moon Martial Master. Everyone in the royal family is very fond of master he."
 Ninth brother?
 Nan Quan did mention that he had a good relationship with a Prince over the years. So, this was the ninth Prince's brother?
 Li Hao didn't know much about the imperial family's intelligence. He only knew that the nine Kings and thirty-six state Dukes, excluding the state Duke of the Xu family, all belonged to the imperial family.
 Li Hao, who had been led away from the topic, asked curiously,""Does the heavenly astral King have many children? You're ranked seventh. How old are you? You don't look that old, are you even 30 years old?"
 “……”
 At this moment, the female manager simply moved her feet and left.
 She even had the urge to burrow into the ground.
 This person ... How could he ask this?
 It's very easy to attract the hostility of the royal family!
 The seventh Princess didn't seem to mind. She chuckled and said,""Marquis heavenstar is also a straightforward person. My father has 22 children ..."
 "Not as many as Thunderbolt kick!"
  “……”  The seventh Princess almost couldn't hold it in, but she held it in and continued,""I'm the seventh child, so I won't talk about my age. My ninth brother is 20 years old this year, the same age as Marquis heavenstar.
 " 20 years old ... So young!"
 Li Hao sighed,"so, when martial uncle Nanquan first entered the palace, she was just born?"
 These were all off-topic, and he changed the topic after saying a few words.""It's like this. Seventh Princess, you also know that other than the inspection Office, the rest of the nine divisions can't wait to eat me. It's my fault for killing five of their divine powers, including Hu Xiao."
 "It's actually very dangerous for me to stay in stellarsky city. However, I'm a straightforward person at times. If you don't let me stay, I'll fight you to the end!"
 Li Hao sneered."I also know that they're in a standoff with the royal family. They won't dare to act rashly. They won't do anything to me."
 Seeing that he had made it clear, the seventh Princess did not hide it anymore. She smiled and said, "What's Marquis heavenstar's purpose in coming here?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I won't help the royal family!"
 “……”
 The seventh Princess frowned slightly. Li Hao continued,""But I will continue to deal with Jiushi ... So, don't think that I will not help you. We have the same goal!"
 The seventh Princess nodded.
 Li Hao continued, I can't live under the same sky as them! Especially the current director of the criminal law Division. He probably wants to eat my flesh and drink my blood ... I've thought about it again and again. It's still dangerous for me to stay in stellarsky city ..."
 The seventh Princess didn't understand what he meant and asked,""Marquis heavenstar, you mean ... The royal family will provide you with some protection?"
 "That's not it!"
  Li Hao shook his head."There's no need for that. Besides, I don't trust you to protect me. Who knows if you're going to kill me and take my divine weapon?"
 “……”
 She was speechless.
 The intelligent seventh Princess couldn't guess Li Hao's thoughts at this moment. She was a little suspicious.
 "I'm looking for the royal family because I need your cooperation on a few things," Li Hao said."Or you can help me. Of course, it's a matter that benefits both sides!"
 "Marquis heavenstar, please speak!"
 "Provide me with a complete set of information on the nine divisions, including the number of experts, the level of their divine abilities, the power of the outer forces ... I want the most complete kind, not the fragmented versions like the ones outside. I know you must have it! Only by knowing one's enemy can one win a hundred battles. It's impossible that you don't know this. "
 Li Hao raised a finger and said,""Second, I want to compete with the nine divisions and set up a Sky Star martial Academy in Sky Star City, with earth-overturning sword as the Dean ... I hope to completely separate the sky Star military governor's office, or rather, to form a separate organization. With the sky Star martial Academy and the night watchers, the three parties will jointly form a new organization, or the tenth division! The royal family just needs to give me a name. I don't need you to pay anything. "
 The seventh princess's expression changed slightly.
 The tenth division!

 Li Hao ... Really dared to say that.
 Of course, Li Hao dared to do it. Not only that, but he also wanted to separate the night patrollers from the inspector's office. This made the seventh Princess even more shocked."Fourth Minister Yao agreed? There's also the inspection Office ..."
 Li Hao smiled."Of course, Minister Yao has no objections. As for the inspection Office ... What does it have to do with the inspection Office?" It's never too much to have one more enemy, and it's never too little to have one less enemy. Isn't your royal family afraid that I'll hook up with you again because of my good relationship with the Inspector General? This way, I can drive a wedge between us, and the inspector will definitely be dissatisfied with me. Isn't this a good thing? If they're unhappy, it's the inspector who's unhappy. The imperial family should be happy. "
 The seventh Princess nodded slightly and was a little confused.""The sky Star martial Academy ... For you to call it one of the three forces, does this Academy ... Mainly want to cultivate martial arts students?"
 In the Heavenly Star military governor's office, there was no need to talk about the night patrollers.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Why did Li Hao want to add a Sky Star Martial Arts Academy?
 Li Hao gritted his teeth."Of course! That day, Liu Yunqing said that popular sentiment was nothing. I'll let him know that popular sentiment is very scary!" I'm planning to go back to Silver Moon and find an ancient existence in heaven battling city to provide me with a large number of heaven battling armors and train an Army of martial masters to fight against the nine divisions! I'll use martial masters who came from ordinary people ... Let the nine divisions know if I, Li Hao, can slap them in the face!"
 "You ... You can take the armor from heaven battling city?" the seventh Princess was shocked.
 "I used to be, but I don't know now."
  Li Hao shook his head,"now that I'm a superhuman, I can't let this go!" I don't know if it'll work, but heaven battling city doesn't allow superpowers to enter, so I can only try ..."
 "It'll be great if we succeed!"He sighed.
 ,m The seventh Princess thought quickly. Opening an Academy and recruiting ordinary people was actually nothing. Cultivating martial masters and building an army ... Was also nothing.  Hong Yitang becoming the Dean ... Was even more inconsequential.
 However, this would cause a stir among the people. This was probably the first Martial Arts Academy that was officially open to ordinary people. However, it was not a big deal to have a group of martial artists.
 The imperial family and the nine divisions were not afraid of this.
 In this era, a group of martial artists could not change anything.
 If it was to cultivate scholars ... Then he would have to pay more attention, because sometimes, stirring up people's hearts was the good thing of these scholars.
 She quickly considered the pros and cons. After some thought, it did not seem to have much of an impact on the royal family.
 Instead, it would provoke Silver Moon and the nine divisions into becoming even more hostile!
 "In addition," Li Hao continued,"I'm worried that the nine divisions still have some hidden experts that haven't appeared, including some ancient existences. So, I'm going back to Silver Moon this time to visit heaven battling city and see if I can invite a few ancient experts ... If they make me angry, I'll fight them to the end!"
 The seventh princess's heart fluttered.  "What agreement?"
 Li Hao was puzzled,"I'm the descendant of the Li family of the eight great families, so they should listen to me!" Of course, we can't do that now. We can only talk about it. "
 "Can the existences in heaven battling city ... Walk out?"
 "Can't I?"Li Hao was puzzled.
 The seventh princess's voice faltered and she was on the verge of breaking down."Then ... Marquis heavenstar, it's better to ask clearly. Right now, these existences ... Can't rashly appear in the world. The superpowers have just been restored. Second, the rules of the great Dao had changed, and they might not be able to adapt to the changes now. We'll have to wait for the second superpower recovery ..."
 "Second time?"
 Li Hao was at a loss. This time, he was really at a loss.
 The seventh Princess didn't hide anything and nodded,""It's not just these ancient existences. Even we need a stronger concentration of heaven and earth energy to support it. Of course, we're people of this era, so the impact won't be too great. However, at this stage, the reason why everyone's divine-power realm is unstable is also related to the lack of heaven and earth energy. We all need a second superpower recovery. Marquis heavenstar is a core figure of Silver Moon. He may not know this now, but the second energy recovery will be the time when everyone enters Silver Moon."
 This was a secret to Li Hao, but not to Silver Moon and the others.
 The seventh Princess didn't care if Li Hao knew or not.
 "It's not just us," he continued."We're not the only ones who want to enter the Silver Moon after the second revival. There are also some ancient beings ... They all want to enter the Silver Moon, but I can't explain why."
  She looked at Li Hao."Marquis heavenstar, you'd better not rashly invite these existences. Otherwise, you might trigger some unpredictable dangers. This is also why these existences didn't appear in the battle between Silver Moon and the nine divisions. Otherwise ... Even your master might be able to draw some out ..."
 Li Hao glanced at her. She knew a lot!
 "When is the second superpower resuscitation?"
 "I don't know,"
 The seventh Princess shook her head."Everyone is waiting. It has been 20 years since the first recovery. It might be soon." Maybe we're still lacking some opportunity, but I believe we'll be there soon!"
 She didn't tell him the specific reason.
 Li Hao was speechless, but he did not ask further.
 "I don't care. I'll go back and ask."
 Li Hao continued."Apart from the detailed information on the nine divisions and the separation of the night patrols from three sides, I still need your help with one more thing."

 "Marquis heavenstar, please speak."
 Li Hao said,"I heard that the current communication system and communication Jade system are developed by the ... The starry ancient Academy. I need some technical support. Also, I heard that a group of people were recruited by the nine Dragons Pavilion. They gave me ..."
 "What?"
 Li Hao was speechless,'why are you making a fuss? "They're just some ordinary people ... But I need to build my own communication system. I can't always use someone else 's. Be it the night patrolman' s, the nine divisions ', or even the royal family' s, do I dare to let you control it? What's so strange about me building my own intelligence system?"
 Li Hao was speechless."That's a small matter. I heard that the nine Dragons Pavilion can instantly contact the world ..." He said.
 "Marquis heavenstar could've borrowed it from us. I promise I won't steal it ..."
 "Hehe!"
 Li Hao sneered,"do you believe me?" I want to establish a foothold in stellarsky city, which is a good thing for you. You didn't have any objections to the previous ones, but I'm just borrowing some people to help me build an intelligence system, and you're not happy about it?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The seventh Princess frowned."Marquis heavenstar, it's not that I'm rejecting you. It's just that these people ... They're either dead or scattered. The rest have been recruited by the various families. I don't have many people on my side, and I also need them to maintain the operations of some base stations ..."
 This really wasn't easy to borrow!
  Some of these people had very advanced technology, while others had some top-secret information. Also, the death of the director of the Research Institute had caused a headache for the nine Dragons Pavilion.
 Li Hao had come to borrow these people now ...
 To be honest, these people's strength was not much, but their importance was irreplaceable!
 Li Hao frowned, seventh Princess, you mean you won't lend it to me, right? You can just say that!"
 After saying that, he got up and walked away.
 The seventh princess's expression changed. She stood up and said,""Marquis heavenstar, don't be so anxious. I ... I'll discuss this with my father ..."
 She hadn't discussed the previous matters, but this matter had to be discussed.
 Li Hao was puzzled, they're just a few ordinary people, and the Heavenly Star King has to agree? Are you kidding me?"
 "No..."
 The seventh Princess didn't want to go into details. Li Hao frowned and said,""It's not that troublesome! To me, this matter isn't too difficult. Zhan Tiangang can communicate from thousands of miles away, so I can arrange for one to be a thousand miles away. It's just that there will be more people in the future, and I won't be able to have that much armor and have people everywhere, and I'll have to be careful of being ambushed ... But adding flowers to a brocade is not like sending charcoal in the snow. You're even rejecting this ... Do you think that I won't be of any help to the imperial family even if I stay?"
 The seventh Princess was slightly stunned. She also realized this and her expression changed slightly."Marquis heavenstar can activate the armor?"
 "Nonsense!"
 The seventh Princess did not get angry. Instead, she frowned slightly and quickly recovered her smile."I wonder...How many armors can Lord Marquis activate?"  "I can only activate 1000 right now."
 Hearing this, the seventh Princess heaved a sigh of relief and smiled.""Then Lord Marquis means that there can be more in the future?"
 "As long as heaven battling city doesn't reject my identity as a super, I'm sure I can, but I'm afraid ..."
 He gritted his teeth."The nine divisions forced me to become a divine power. I will settle the score with them sooner or later. Becoming a divine power has destroyed so many of my opportunities!"
 This was true!
 The seventh Princess also nodded and said,""Yeah, it's such a pity! As a Silver Moon Martial Master, if Lord Marquis had always been a Martial Master, and had the identity of the Li family's descendant in Silver Moon, even if he couldn't rule the world in the future, he would at least have obtained a great opportunity. Now ... It's truly a pity!"
 "Don't mention this. Are you lending me or not? if not, then forget it. "
 "I'm borrowing!"
 The seventh Princess thought it through and smiled,""Marquis heavenstar is too impatient. I only said that we could discuss it, not that I'm rejecting you ... However, there won't be too many people. After all, I don't have many people on my side. What do you think ... About ten people?"
 "Can the communication be completed smoothly?"
 "Definitely!"
 "That works too!"
  Li Hao nodded."That's right. There are so few of them. You guys can just train more of them ... They're just a few ordinary people. Why are they still hesitating with me?"
 The seventh Princess smiled but did not say anything.
 Li Hao didn't say much! These are the three main things. Wait until I have a firm foothold in Tian Xing city. I'll teach the nine divisions a lesson!"
 As he said this, he thought of something and gritted his teeth.""By the way, in order to continue suppressing the nine divisions, I might have to kill another group of people! Perhaps there are people from the royal family. If you throw me a list of abandoned or disobedient people ... I'll kill them for you!"
 The seventh princess's expression changed slightly,"this ..."
 "I don't believe that the royal family is on the same side!"
 "Do you think I don't know anything?" Li Hao snapped. Can't you eliminate dissidents? "I need heads to establish my might and gradually weaken the influence of the nine divisions. Of course, I can't let people think that I'm afraid of the imperial family and don't dare to provoke them ... If I kill the members of the imperial family as well, the nine divisions will think that I'm crazy and wait for me to fall out with them! Do you really think that I, Li Hao, can only be reckless?"
 The seventh princess's eyes flickered.
 He was slightly moved in his heart. This guy was really not reckless!
 If both sides attacked together, the nine divisions might negotiate with the imperial family and work together to deal with Li Hao. If the imperial family took the opportunity to make some requests and continue to cooperate with Li Hao in secret ... There might really be some unexpected benefits.

 However, Li Hao's personal prestige was boosted by this.
 However, on second thought, in this era ... Prestige was actually useless. The key was still strength!
 She thought for a while and nodded."Sure ... But this matter must be kept absolutely confidential!"
 "Of course! Am I supposed to tell the whole world that I'm working with the royal family and helping them get rid of their dissidents? You must be joking! I, Li Hao, don't kill people randomly, so don't get some honest people to kill for me ... I'm not interested in being your knife!"
 "Absolutely not!"
 "Then let's have a pleasant cooperation!"
 Li Hao immediately smiled."I won't stay any longer. By the way, send me a portion of the food here every day to northern city ... As for the money ... I'll settle it at the end of the year!"
 "No need ..." The seventh Princess smiled.
 "Thank you for your generosity, Princess!"
 “……”
  The seventh Princess was speechless. You, Li Hao, lack this little money now?
 Besides, I was just being polite, and you took it seriously!
 Of course, it was only a small amount of money to her, so she didn't say anything. She smiled and nodded.""I should!"
 Li Hao didn't stay any longer and directly left.
 The seventh Princess didn't send him off either.
 After Li Hao left, he began to think.
 Li Hao was an interesting person.
 The few conditions he mentioned were actually not too difficult.
 If Li Hao could really gain a firm foothold in stellarsky city, it might be a good thing.
 She pondered for a while, took out a mirror, and revealed a human face.
 "Father, you heard it. What do you think?"
 "Li Hao is very interesting."
 A majestic voice slowly came out with a smile,""He wanted to establish his own authority, and even wanted to establish a strong prestige among the people, to the point where his words would be obeyed by everyone ... But he overestimated the people. I don't know if he wants to be the human King, but Silver Moon has always been a disobedient person. The world was in chaos, and chaos was in the North! Chaos was good. Isn't everything you've done today also for this?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After saying a few words, he slowly said,"agree to everything!" He's now an indispensable part of Silver Moon, and he's closely related to Earthcover sword and the five bird Kings ... If we want Silver Moon and Jiusi to continue their war, we'll probably need Li Hao's rashness and ambition!"
 It didn't matter whether it was impulsive or ambitious.
 Given Li Hao's personality, he was destined to clash with Jiu si.
 "We'll also impose some restrictions on the nine divisions and give Li Hao a better opportunity to develop and grow ..."
 "Father, if ... If the Silvermoon people can gain a firm foothold in stellarsky city ..." The seventh Princess said softly.
 "Do you think that's possible?"
 "Yes!" The authoritative voice rang out again."If we had not restricted the nine divisions previously, the Silver Moon people would not have had an easy time. This is the Heavenly Star, not the Silver Moon! Do you understand?"
 "Understood!"
  The seventh Princess nodded and said nothing more. The figure in the mirror also disappeared.  ……
 As for Li Hao, he also walked out of the nine Dragons Pavilion. The female manager even sent him off. She was still as enthusiastic as ever, but Li Hao didn't mind.
 At this moment, he was also thinking.
 As for the imperial family, no matter what they thought, he had already established the image of continuing to fight with the nine divisions to the end. With heaven battling city and silver Moon behind him, the imperial family would definitely sit back and watch the Tigers fight.
 The imperial family could be forced to abdicate by the nine divisions, so they were either equal in strength or weaker, and might need his help.
 He then thought of the nine divisions. Was the nine divisions very strong?
 After stepping into the divine power realm, he felt that it was just so-so.
 Out of the 18 secretaries, only 17 were left. Even if they were all divine-tier and had ancient divine weapons, would they be able to suppress the royal family?
 There were nine Kings and 36 Dukes in the royal family, as well as the 22 princes and princesses of this generation, as well as the Heavenly Star King ... Even these couldn't defeat the nine divisions?
 Li Hao thought that he might be able to find out the truth after he obtained the information from the royal family.
 His top priority now was to go back.
 Go to Silver Moon!
 He had to go to heaven battling city, little tree, and silver City ...
 He had also told the imperial family that he didn't know if these people would ambush him in the dark if he left.
 "Ambushing me in the dark ... You might as well join forces with the nine divisions to kill me!"
 Li Hao laughed. If that was the case, he would suffer even greater losses. It would be better to let the nine divisions elite kill him.
 ……
 At the night patrollers 'headquarters.
 "You're going back to Silver Moon?"hou Xiaochen frowned.
 "Yes."
  Hou Xiaochen thought about it for a moment before frowning,"Are you still coming back?"
 "Of course!"
 Hou Xiaochen thought about it for a while and felt a headache coming on. "I'm afraid that you'll create even greater trouble when you return to Silver Moon, so don't act rashly ... Whether it's heaven battling city or something else, now is not the time to reveal yourself! You'll cause a stir wherever you go ... Rather than causing a ruckus in Silver Moon, it's better for you to stay in stellarsky city. After all, even if you break the heavens, it's still their territory, while Silver Moon is our own territory. "
 Li Hao was surprised,"am I that kind of person?" Do I look like I'm the kind of person who would cause trouble in the eyes of the Minister?"
 Wasn't it?
 Hou Xiaochen wanted to curse.
 You say it yourself!
 Don't you cause big trouble wherever you go?
 Would a normal person dare to beat the Duke of dingguo first and then the nine divisions?
 Although he had a headache, he knew that Li Hao had returned because he had something to do. After thinking for a while, he said,""You can go back, but be careful on the road! In addition ... I still want to remind you that the ancient people are the ancient people, and the people of today are the people of today! The two are different, especially the demon race, you can't trust them easily!"

 "There's one more thing. The inspector said that the financial division has given up a relic, which may be a martial arts university. Do you want to participate in the exploration? They don't have good intentions ..."
 "We'll talk when we get back!"
 Li Hao calculated for a moment."I'm fast, and I have wind-chasing boots with wind and thunder attributes. I only need two to three days to return to Silver Moon, and a week is enough. We'll talk about it when the time comes. Minister, you can talk to Minister Yao and ask him to join us with his night patrollers. He'll become a subordinate of the star governor's office or the star governor's office ..."
 “……”
 Hou Xiaochen's head was about to explode."You go and say it yourself!"
 "I'm not going!"
 Li Hao shook his head."I'm a young man with a bad temper. I'm afraid that I'll fight with him. The Minister is a wise man. I can talk to him."
 Motherf * cker!
 Hou Xiaochen wanted to hit him.
 Li Hao, this bastard, is doing human resources?
  Yao Si was originally your direct superior, but now you want to incorporate him. He single-handedly created the night watchman system, and you want to incorporate him? your appetite is extraordinarily big!
 If I go and negotiate ... Won't that old thing send me flying with a punch?
 "It's actually pretty good to maintain the current situation ..."
 Li Hao shook his head and said,"it's not a proper title. Sometimes, false titles are very important!" Otherwise, why would the nine divisions be established? The Minister should know better than me. "
 Nonsense!
 Of course I know, but are you in human resources?
 Why don't you go yourself?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com You also know that if you go, you might end up fighting with Yao si?
 Besides, not only Yao si, even the inspection Office might fight with you!
 "An able man does more work!"
 Li Hao said sincerely,"in my eyes, there's nothing the Minister can't do!" If you don't believe me, why don't you ask chief Yu?"
 "Chief Yu, can the Minister convince Minister Yao?"
 "Of course!" Chief Steward Yu instantly nodded.
 “……”
 艹!
 Hou Xiaochen wanted to curse, but he didn't know who to curse.
  Xiao Yu's brain ... Alright, you can't blame her. She's been like this for so many years. Yu Luosha believed that he was omnipotent, but ... But ...  He was speechless!
 Li Hao, this grandson, was really good at asking people.
 Hou Xiaochen's head hurt,"we'll see. I'll try my best. Also, stay away from the royal family. They're not ordinary. They already had the black armor Army 200 years ago. You know the inside story of the heaven battling Army, which means that they've already obtained some heritage 200 years ago." At that time, superpowers had yet to recover, but martial masters have always existed. Do you understand what I mean?"
 Li Hao nodded. He knew.
 Moreover, it was said that the black armored Army had more than a thousand soldiers.
 It meant that there might have been a division commander in the royal family 200 years ago. Otherwise, there would have been more than 10000 people in the black armored Army, which was a division, if the black armored Army had not activated their armor!
 It was said that the Heavenly Star Town had 100000 defenders. Back then, it was also a military-level unit, a Legion.
 He wondered how much control the royal family had.
 If a person with high authority became a Legion Commander, it meant that the black armored Army could reach one hundred thousand!
 But the possibility isn't high, right?
 He knew that it would be very difficult, unless ... The royal family had the bloodline of the defenders from back then and, like him, almost became a teacher the moment they entered the city.
 If he was strong enough, he would have been a general when he went to heaven battling city, and he could command a 10000-man division.
 "Oh right, go back and hand this over to the administrative Bureau ..."
 He took out a storage ring and said,""Don't look at it; there's nothing precious here. It's just something that Silver Moon needs. You can just bring it back and hand it over!"
 "Alright!"
  "Be careful on the way. Although you are fast, you must be careful of the three major organizations."
 "En!"
 After exchanging a few words, Li Hao didn't say anything more and quickly left.
 As for whether hou Xiaochen's group was safe in stellarsky city, it wasn't a big problem at the moment. The royal family was still there, and they were keeping the other party in check. Otherwise, Li Hao wouldn't have left so easily.
 ……
 Not long after Li Hao left the Nightwalker headquarters.
 An earth-shattering sound rang out. Yao si sent a person flying with a punch and let out an angry roar!
 As for hou Xiaochen, he sighed and flew back to his office.
 I knew it!
 Li Hao was on cloud nine. Not only did he want to seize power, but he also wanted to recruit the night patrollers under his command ... This was really bullying. It was already good enough that Yao si didn't chase after him.

