fileno%d
s a little surprised, but then he felt relieved."Commander Yu is one of them?"
 "Yes."
 Huang Yu nodded."You're the same now. Silver Moon already has 4000 armored warriors, but it's still far from enough ... It's too difficult to become a master."
 "What about the royal family?"
 "The royal family has quite a number of black armored soldiers ..." Li Hao asked.
 "They're only at the commander level. It's just that there are more of them, and more people have been acknowledged. They've been slowly devouring them, and they haven't directly become teachers. You have to know the difference. The ancient civilization's assessment for the teacher level was extremely strict ... Strength and military merits are indispensable!"
 Li Hao understood.
 The division commander was a true top expert. According to director Wang, he could tear open the void and travel a thousand miles in an instant.
 Even if the difficulty was lowered, there was a high probability that no one could do it at this stage.
 The imperial family had indeed received the recognition of the star Army, but it seemed like they had received the positions of regimental commanders instead of division commanders.
  "It's so difficult. In fact, I think it's better to cultivate a group of powerhouses. Maybe the difficulty will be lower."
 Li Hao said, but Huang Yu shook his head.""It's not the same. There aren't many people now, so you won't be able to see anything. When there are more people, you'll be able to connect these ancient Army bones and you'll know how strong the ancient civilization's Army is!"
 "Silver Moon is very eager to have a master-level existence, or even a Legion Commander, to arm the entire Silver Moon Army. When that time comes, Silver Moon will not have to fear any enemy!"
 Huang Yu was just saying it as he knew how difficult it was.
 Right now, they were only eyeing the authority of Regiment commander Li Hao.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com You're not recruiting soldiers, so why don't you lend them to the Silver Moon Army?
 "I'll think about it!"
 Li Hao smiled. He didn't refuse, but he didn't agree either.
 He was in the reinforced Regiment now, so it was different. He had 2300 sets of armor that were idle, and the Wei Wu Army had more than 500 sets. In total, they had almost 3000 sets.
 However, after taking a look at the Silver Moon Army, he realized that they did have a good foundation. Furthermore, they were soldiers. Their combat awareness, coordination, and discipline were all better than those of the idle martial masters.
 In terms of discipline, the Wei Wu Army was definitely inferior to the Silver Moon Army.
 Li Hao thought that he had not come in vain this time.
 The Silver Moon Army?
 It seemed to be not bad!
 He thought for a while and suddenly said,"if commander Yu is interested, you can choose a thousand-man team from the Silver Moon. If you want elites, you can send them to the stellarsky city. I want to set up a Martial Arts Academy in the stellarsky city ... Of course, it's only in name. However, I still need some support. I can't open it anymore. It'll become an empty Academy. That's meaningless and embarrassing."
 Get a thousand people to boost his momentum.
 Huang Yu's eyes flickered,"Martial Arts Academy?" You want to simulate the martial arts universities of the ancient civilization?"
 "It can be considered so."
 Actually, it wasn 't.
 Li Hao thought to himself that he was just putting on a false front. Of course, if silver Moon sent a thousand men to join the Academy, it would dispel some people's apprehensions. They would only think that Silver Moon was playing with his own people.
 "A thousand people ..."
 "Do you want 1000 people as simple guards or something else?" Huang Yu asked.
 "They're not guards!"
 Li Hao shook his head."If possible," he said,"I want to be part of the heaven-battling Army."
 "You ..."
 "You only have the authority to command 1000 soldiers. From what I've heard, you seem to want to take the Wei Wu Army under your command ..."
 "Right, it won't be difficult to eat the Wei Wu Army and then these 1000 people!"
  “……”  Huang Yu couldn't stay calm anymore. He looked at him and said hesitantly,""What do you mean?"
 "My team is a strengthened team! We can increase the number of people ..."
 Huang Yu's mouth was wide open and he was stunned for a moment. After a while, he could not help but curse,"Did the ancient civilization enter through the back door?"
 What the hell!
 Reinforcement team?
 I've never even heard of it.
 "That battle armor ..."
 "I have it!"
 "Commander Yu, do you have armor for other soldiers?" Li Hao looked at him and smiled.
 "What?"
 "For example, the black armor Army, or the air breaking force ... I can go to heaven battling city and change into the heaven battling armor. My enhanced Regiment can recruit more people."
 Huang Yu was dumbfounded.
 "You ... How many people can you recruit at most?"
 "I don't know,"
 "What?"
 "I didn't ask and I didn't say!"
 Li Hao chuckled."The commander of heaven battling city didn't mention this. He only said that I can recruit some people. He didn't say how many I can recruit."
 Was this even possible?
 Huang Yu was dumbfounded. It was true.
 At this moment, he suddenly felt like cursing!
 Were the soldiers of the ancient civilization also so black-hearted?
 Through the back door!
 If they wanted to become a guild leader, with all sorts of missions, all sorts of opportunities, all sorts of coincidences ... It was extremely difficult to obtain a guild leader position.
 But Li Hao?
 He had gone to heaven battling city, and he would be there soon.
 Now, they even directly created an enhanced group. What was going on?
  He was so jealous!
 Were the eight great families really that great?
 Bah!
 He cursed in his heart, but he did not say it out loud. His thoughts started to drift, and he took a deep breath. This meant that ... The Silver Moon Army could finally be armed!
 He quickly nodded."Sure. I'll arrange for the most elite forces to go there. A thousand people, right? do you have any specific requirements?"
 "All of you must be literate and healthy. It doesn't matter if you're a Martial Master or not. Also, don't be a thorn and follow orders! You have to be quick-witted, don't be too stupid ..."
 Huang Yu laughed.
 "Sure!" He nodded after some consideration.
 This was a good thing.
 "Why don't you put your name in the Silver Moon Army ..." He said after some thought.

 "Forget it!"
 Li Hao shook his head."It's not like they're paying me a salary. I'm still the acting chiliarch of the Wei Wu Army, the deputy head of the night patrollers 'headquarters, the deputy head of the inspection Division, the deputy head of the Silver Moon night patrollers, the governor of heavenstar, Marquis heavenstar, and the Deputy Governor of the heavenstar military governor's office ... But I found out that no one is paying me a salary!"
 The higher the position, the lower the salary.
 Everyone thought that the other departments had distributed it, but they didn't give it to him anymore. Furthermore ... It was very chaotic!
 There were many departments involved, and it seemed that the major organizations were not prepared to pay him a salary.
 Now, li haoguang had become famous, but he had nothing.
 What's the use of having a name!
 Huang Yu chuckled. This guy was still thinking about his salary, what a ... Weirdo!
 "That's fine too ... When are you returning to stellarsky city?"
 "I'll go back after I'm done. "
  "Alright, I'll make the arrangements right now and have them set off on their own. They should be able to arrive at stellarsky city in about a week."
 "You can exchange for the heaven-battling armor?"
 "Yes,"
 "Is this okay?"
 "Then ... Will the black armored Army be able to do it?" he asked hesitantly.
 "Star Army? Of course you can!"
 Huang Yu thought for a while and then said in a low voice,""When Silver Moon and the star dynasty went to war, they killed many black armor soldiers ... It was many years ago. Back then, Silver Moon sealed a portion of the black armor, but it has never been used, so ... It's not with me now. I'll help you look for it. Back then, when the black armor Army had tens of thousands of people, they invaded Silver Moon. Thousands of them were killed by Silver moon's senior martial masters ... There are at least a thousand sets of black armor ..."
 "When did this happen?" Li Hao gasped.
 "It was 200 years ago!"
 Huang Yu laughed,"some of the martial masters in the Silver Moon martial forest might have some in their collection ... If the inheritance was orderly, your teacher and the others might have some in their collection!" When the star dynasty was established 200 years ago, Silver Moon was the last one to surrender. They fought with the black armor Army for several months, and there were many casualties, but many black armors were left behind. "The dynasty tried to take it back, but it was said that the Martial Master took it away. Thus, the Silver Moon Martial Master and the dynasty were enemies for a long time. The dynasty also tried to take it back, but they failed."
 Li Hao gritted his teeth. So the martial masters had already killed many members of the black armor Army 200 years ago.
 Huang Yu didn't say anything else, but his mind was already active.
 "Armors of other military types are fine?"
 "Anything is fine!"
 "Then wait for me for a few days!"
 "I need to collect them," Huang Yu said excitedly."By the way, did heaven battling city say anything about you becoming a superhuman?"
 "He did."
 "What?"
 "Do a good job!"
 “……”
 Just this?
 Huang Yu was a little confused. Just like that?
 No more?
 For a moment, Huang Yu felt a little strange. Silver Moon was mainly a Martial Master, and every city was guarded by martial masters. Superpowers were also external support, yet these martial masters did not say anything?
 It was not a wild guess, but the ancient city of Silvermoon was very resistant to supers. For example, heaven battling city was instantly besieged by the supers who entered!
 This was not just one place, but almost all places were the same.
 This was why everyone thought that the ancient civilization was extremely against superpowers!
 But Li Hao ... Could it be because of the eight great families?
 He thought to himself and didn't ask further.
 As for Li Hao, he didn't say anything else. After seeing the Silver Moon Army, he prepared to go to the administrative Bureau. Old hou still had something to give to director Zhao.
 ……
 After saying goodbye to Huang Yu, Li Hao quickly headed to the administrative Bureau.
 Half an hour later.
 He met director Zhao and Deputy Director Zhou.
 Director Zhao glanced at Li Hao. At this moment, there were only the three of them in the small office. Deputy Director Zhou was actually in the same office as director Zhao ... What a weirdo!
 "Director Zhao, Minister hou asked me to pass this to you!"
 Li Hao took out a storage ring. He didn't check what it was.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Zhao took it and looked at it.
 After a while, he nodded slightly and looked at Li Hao with a smile.""It's a lot more mature than before. Hou Xiaochen left some black ink in the ring. If I didn't check it, I would've sprayed it all over your face. Looks like you really didn't check it. "
 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless!
 He was so free!  Black ink?
 What was old hou thinking!
 Am I that kind of person?
 I have money and resources. Even if you give me a mountain of gold and silver, I will not be interested.
 Director Zhao laughed and didn't continue. He looked at Li Hao and said,""You've done well in stellarsky city. It's good that you've killed off their spirit. We're old, so we're less impulsive and hot-blooded. But in this era, in any era ... If we're not impulsive, can we still be considered youths?"
 "Young people are crazy. This is what a young man should be like!"
 He did support Li Hao's arrogance. Shouldn't young people be more arrogant?
 "Thank you for your understanding, director!"
 "It's nothing. It's just a small matter,"
 "Now I know why you've returned. Hou Xiaochen said that you want to gain a firm foothold in stellarsky city ... That's up to you. Silver Moon can't provide much support, but there's one thing I can guarantee. If a war breaks out again, as long as we have enough time ... We'll definitely have divine abilities to help! It's definitely not Huang Yu alone, but ... You have to give him a heads up and give him enough time!"
 "How many more abilities does Silver Moon have?" Li Hao could not help but ask.
 "Not much,"
 Director Zhao laughed,"do you think God Arts are everywhere?" Besides, there aren't many Silver Moon superpowers. The divine power I'm talking about is just an example. It doesn't necessarily have to be divine power!"
 He then added,"in addition, I can give you a list ... It's a list of some of your friends in stellarsky city. You can look for them if you have any problems. They might not be of much help to you, but they can be of some use. I also hope that you won't kill people for no reason and kill them ..."
 A spy?
 Li Hao understood.
 "I don't kill people, I only kill bad people!"
 "It's the same. "
 Director Zhao smiled,"in this era, good people and bad people ... Can't be distinguished!" All members are villains. "
 "One more thing," he added,"remember, if there's a second revival ... You must hurry back to Silver Moon. Otherwise, you'll die! Sky Star City is still considered safe for now, but once the second revival of superpowers ... There will be huge changes!"
 Li Hao understood and nodded."I understand. Thank you, director!"
 "You're too polite!"
 Director Zhao only mentioned a few things.
 Li Hao also quickly said,"director Zhao, I also need some things. A large number of seeds, and make preparations to accept some refugees ... I want to open up a sea line, or a blockade line between Linjiang and silver Moon ... Winter is coming soon. The three northern provinces are in turmoil, and there are too many refugees ..."
 Director Zhao's expression changed and he frowned.
 Director Zhou also raised his head and looked at Li Hao. The two of them looked at each other and felt a headache.
 This was no small matter!
 It would cause Silver Moon to fall into a disaster!
 He frowned and said,"there's no need to force the way through. If you tell Linjiang that we're willing to accept refugees ... Just say it. Say one million or three million people ... And he'll send them to you immediately!" That's because the number of refugees will instantly wear Silver Moon down ... Do you understand?"
 Li Hao nodded and said,"I can provide you with food ... But it will take time." Let alone three to five million, even if it's thirty to fifty million, I can still provide food ... Actually, there are benefits to having more refugees, such as development, construction, and the transportation system of Silver Moon ... They can do some work. This has been the case since ancient times. As long as there's enough food and clothes ... At least for the time being, no one will have too high of a demand!"
 Director Zhao sighed."If you buy food now, you will realize that ... You can't buy it with money!"
 "It's fine, I'll get the monster plant to cultivate ..."
 "There's such a stupid monster plant?"
 Director Zhao was stunned."How is that possible? it's difficult for them to revive on their own. The consumption is too great. Unless the monster plants are stupid, who else will let you nurture them?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned.
 To cultivate food ... Was he a fool?
 Little tree ... Was very silly?
 Director Zhao was also surprised. Director Zhou's eyes were also wide open. You met an idiotic monster plant?
 Which monster plant would do such a thing these days!
 Otherwise, do you think the major forces would not do this?
  Most importantly, the monster plant would not do it!
 The losses outweigh the gains, and it's a waste of energy. With this time and energy, wouldn't it be nice to improve myself?
 Li Hao was also at a loss. After a while, he laughed dryly.
 Little tree was really an idiot!
 ? It didn't seem to have any objections!
 At this moment, the two directors 'minds were filled with thoughts. There was such a stupid monster plant?
 I'll go!
 If we had known earlier, we would have tried digging too!
 Where did you dig it?
 In an instant, the two of them were a little impulsive. Why don't we ... Dig around again? maybe we can dig out a few silly monster plants.

 The two of them were actually a little surprised that Li Hao knew about the monster plant.
 The monster plant was greedy. This was the common understanding of many people. In fact, it was not that the monster plant was too greedy, but it had no choice. It had to do this. No matter how many divine power stones you gave it, it would finish absorbing them.
 Many monster plants, for countless years, were only hanging on to their last breath. If they could survive, it was because the monster plant had a long life.
 At this moment, you can't wait to absorb any bit of energy you see.
 To be able to spit out a drop of the spring of life for you, that's your luck.
 Otherwise, just like general Huai, when Li Hao stuffed a million pills into his hands ... He didn't even give him a single strand of hair, what could he do?
 The two of them were a little hesitant about Li Hao accepting the refugees.
 This matter was not easy to handle.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It wasn't just a problem of food. Too many refugees had come in, and there were too many problems. The lack of basic infrastructure, food, accommodation, manpower, and material resources ... Couldn't be solved by Li Hao's simple words and having them work.
 The complexity of this matter was beyond imagination.
  Director Zhao was silent for a while before saying,"You want to take in some of the refugees ... It's a good idea, but you have to understand that sometimes people are greedy. When they are full, they will want to get more things and more benefits."
 "At that time, if you don't satisfy them ..."
 Li Hao said coldly,"I know, but this is also an era where the strong gather power!" 'I do want to do something, but if people are greedy and not satisfied with all this ... Then I'll punch them hard!' They know very well what's going on in the three northern provinces and Linjiang ... If they're still not satisfied, then we'll make them!"
 Director Zhao sighed."You also understand. This way, even though we are doing a good deed, in the end, we will still have to bear a bad reputation!"
 He shook his head and sighed.
 It was not easy to be a good person these days.
 "Silver Moon doesn't have a good reputation to begin with," Li Hao replied nonchalantly.
 “……”
 These words almost choked the two of them to death.
 How could he say that?
 Li Hao chuckled."That's true. In the eyes of others, we are the barbarians of the North. A land of savagery. A land of savagery!" To be honest, those who were willing to go to Silver Moon had no other choice. Of course, I know that there's a lot to pay for this. All I have to do is open my mouth, and the two of you might even lose all your hair ... But sometimes, I think that it's better for us, Silver Moon, to do something rather than to do nothing ... I'll do my best to satisfy your needs ..."
 He knew that it would be very difficult. It was easy to say. The food that he had cultivated was enough to feed 100 million people!
 But, just eating?  You must be joking.
 Director Zhao was in deep thought. After a long time, he said, "We'll consider it, but we can't give you an answer right away. "
 Li Hao didn't say anything else.
 He said he would consider, which was already giving you face.
 If he continued, he would be domineering.
 Director Zhou, who had been silent, touched his beard and said slowly,"Li Hao, you have to be persistent. We're more worried that you're just acting on impulse and don't have a clear goal. Sometimes ... Wavering is the greatest enemy!"
 He said slowly,"today, you want to resist. Tomorrow, you want to save people. The day after, you feel that there's no hope and choose to give up ... Then you have to consider the consequences of this. Silver Moon can give you some support ... But he has neither the confidence nor the thought to follow you to the end. Strictly speaking, you can't give us any confidence!"
 He looked at Li Hao, not afraid of Li Hao's anger. He only reminded him softly,""Silver Moon, we're actually lacking someone with the drive to step forward, but we don't want someone who gives up halfway. What's your goal? For this goal, what would you pay? You're saying that you're going with my wishes ... Can your wishes be eaten?"
 "Silver Moon has been silent for 200 years. For your own good, you might drag him into a quagmire."
 He looked at Li Hao and shook his head, this won't do! What path do you want to take? You have to be clear about it yourself! "If you're going to press forward and never turn back, we can support you a little ... But you can't always be like this. Today, I wanted to kill, so I attacked. Tomorrow, I don't want to kill anymore. I'm leaving, I'm going to wander around the martial arts world ..."
 Li Hao was stunned.
 Director Zhou looked at him calmly,"since ancient times, those who achieve great things must have perseverance!" If you can't even give enough confidence to the people around you, do you want outsiders to support you? What support? Do you want me to play with you with my life? Or did your identity as one of the eight great families make you lose your way? Or do you really think that you're omnipotent? You actually did a good job in the battle at stellarsky city ... But ... What did you do after that battle?"
  "I'm trying to gain a firm foothold ... One step at a time ..."Li Hao said in a deep voice.
 "No, no, no!"
 "No!" Director Zhou shook his head. You're just doing some things without any order or clue. One moment the Silver Moon, the next the star ... This won't do! You have to understand that if you want to achieve great things, you are no longer a Martial Master of the pugilistic world. You are a true leader ... A leader, is that right?"
 He didn't agree with some of Li Hao's actions and ideas.
 He felt that Li Hao wouldn't be able to achieve great things like this.
 If he did it without any clue, maybe his good intentions would end up in bad things.
 Li Hao frowned.
 "You're not convinced?"director Zhou smiled.
 "A little."
 Director Zhou laughed."Then let me ask you. You have good intentions when you let Silver Moon take in the refugees. But have you thought about whether Silver Moon will agree?" We've put in so much effort, but what can we get in return? As a leader, not only did he have to think about the things he did, but he also had to consider the rewards ... Yes, the rewards were very realistic! However, we are not your subordinates. What can we gain from this?"

 "Even if you make some empty promises, it's better than not saying anything ... Maybe you think you'll be rewarded in the future, but ... Why should we believe you?"
 "You think it's meaningless to talk big ... But the actual situation is that if you don't say it, it will only make people think that you can't give us anything, not even a big pie!"
 Li Hao was stunned."You mean?"
 "Even if it's just a promise ... Say, if we succeed this time, we'll be promoted, famous, or even in the future ... In the endless future, helping us do something will be better than what you're doing now!"
 Director Zhou sighed,"martial masters always like to act on their emotions!" Everything depends on loyalty, but that's the wilderness of the pugilistic world. Have you ever seen the wilderness of the pugilistic world seize the world and manage it?"
 "Even though the ancient king only knows how to kill, he knows how to make good use of people and give people hope and expectations ... He will say that he will lead the human race to prosperity. It doesn't matter if you believe it or not. And you?"
 He looked at Li Hao and smiled."You ... What can you bring us? Bring devastation to the eyes? Or ... Did he die and have nothing? Li Hao, be realistic. No one will pay for your dream, unless ... It's a common dream!"
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 "Old Zhou, he's still young ..." Director Zhao coughed.
  Director Zhou laughed,"no, no, no. I'm just reminding him that he needs encouragement and some practical suggestions. We can't just keep promoting him. If we do that, he will get lost!"
 "There must be a lot of people praising him in stellarsky city right now. He's used to sweet nothings, but he's not used to honest words that are unpleasant to the ear ... But this is Silver moon's future, so we can't gamble with his heart."
 Li Hao was silent for a while."Then, director Zhou, what do you think I should do to make people feel hopeful?" he asked.
 Director Zhou smiled,"simple ... You can't just keep thinking about hiding, hiding, and keeping a low profile ... You can't keep a low profile anymore!" The best way was to set a goal and let everyone fight and work hard for it! Today, you're fighting the nine divisions, tomorrow, you're fighting the three major organizations, the day after tomorrow, you're fighting the royal family, and now you want to fight against Linjiang and the Pirates ... Li Hao, do you think you're a god?"
 Director Zhou was helpless,"you can't do this!" "If you do this, you'll make everyone panic and feel disappointed. If there's no hope, you'll make everyone feel that everyone in the world is an enemy. No way! Aren't you doing this for revenge? You said that you wanted to destroy the red moon ... Then, everyone would choose to sit on the mountain and watch the Tigers fight, not like now, where you've become an unstable factor and everyone wants to destroy you!"
 "If you want to take revenge, you can use another name. For example ... The Crimson Moon's goal is to destroy the world. You annihilate the Crimson Moon for world peace ... Even if it's just a false declaration, it's better than what you're doing now!"  He sighed helplessly,""If you want to deal with Jiusi, just say it. Tell me why I only deal with Jiusi, what is the reason, what is the goal, and what we will get after we succeed in the end ... In this way, there will be people willing to work for you!"
 Li Hao was in a daze. Was it like this?
 He set a goal!
 A clear goal to tell everyone that I'm fighting and working hard for this goal ...
 Was it like this?
  He thought about it and agreed!
 Otherwise, if he wanted to fight this and that now ... In the end, he couldn't beat anyone, and in the end ... He would be beaten to death by everyone!
 "Although the inspection Division is an opportunist organization ... So what if they are opportunist? Be it for hegemony or for revenge, we need opportunists ... Why do you refuse? Why did he have to fall out with them? Do you think that you'll feel better if you're above them? Why can't you lower your head and look for them to have a talk, a deep talk ... There are too many opportunists, and in the end, they will all become your supporters!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Do you have to turn this spectating person into your enemy before you're happy?"
 "Cough, cough, cough!"
 Director Zhao coughed again, but director Zhou did not stop,"Director, it's not that I want to erase everything about him or deny everything about him. I just feel sad. The battle in Heavenly Star actually achieved some results and created an excellent reputation ... But this guy didn't know how to cherish it and wasted such a great opportunity! "Hou Xiaochen isn't suitable for this either. He doesn't think that much ... After defeating the ninth Division and forcing the three major organizations to retreat, the ninth Division clearly doesn't want to fight anymore ... At this time, the financial division, which suffered the least losses, is probably watching others make fun of it and trying to take advantage of his inspector division, thinking that I didn't suffer any losses anyway ... Li Hao definitely has the chance to rope them in and form a new line of defense!"
 "Over at the military law Department, your eldest senior brother is still there. Don't say that he left a long time ago ... Did your master kick him out of the door? No, that's your senior brother ... You can go find him and see if you can come to an agreement with the military law Department ... As for who you want to get rid of in the future, that's a matter for the future. "
 "And the division administration Department. They don't see you as a big enemy yet. Their enemy is the royal family. Why can't they negotiate and solve some problems?"
 "Also, in the East, there were people who helped you before, such as the Marquis of East Pole, such as Yu Chuo of the firelight province ... Now you have killed three generations of Duke dingguo's grandfather and grandson, and the Xu family is in a storm ... You don't care? You could've sent people to the East to negotiate with the Marquis of the East Pole and Yu Chuo. Even if you didn't cooperate, you still wanted to obtain the results of the battle. You killed the Duke of dingguo, so why didn't you do anything?"

 "And the city of supers, you killed their heavenly eye cultivator and you're not going to ask about it? You ... Even if it's just for show, or if you're sending people to threaten or compromise, how can you ignore it?"
 p "All the supers who were killed that day were the same. The Starlight Pirates of the North Sea and more than ten Archdukes. Even if you are not willing to cooperate with them, you should contact the other Pirates ... Let them exterminate them and split the loot. You just need to give some morale support ... The Starlight Pirates may be gone, and they may not take revenge on you in the future!"  The more he spoke, the more disappointed and helpless he became."Li Hao, you're a very good choice for martial Union's master. However, you ... Are really not suitable to be the leader. In reality, I've been observing you all this time. I've been observing you all this time. I've discovered that you're just like your master! Your master was the same back then. He felt that the person I defeated would never be able to turn over and rise again. Why should I care about this?"
 "And then? Then it was Ying Hongyue, flying sword immortal, Yama, Buddha, Haotian ... These people rose one after another! Your master has been living a miserable life. You are becoming more and more like him!"
 "How about you? Will you be stronger than your master? No... You won't either! Do you think that the Starlight Pirates are nothing now that the King of the North Sea is dead? Do you think the Xu family is nothing when the Duke dingguo and his son are dead? Do you think that stupa Mountain Master is no longer a threat because he is seriously injured and has become a super? Do you think that a SuperPower City with millions of people ... Is nothing? I just need to kill one of your god art Masters!"
 “……”
 At this moment, Li Hao was stunned.
 He thought about it and silently reflected on it. After a long time, he nodded and did not say anything.
 Director Zhou's words weren't nice.
  But ... But he had indeed reached the point. There were some things that Li Hao didn't have the time or energy to think about. He didn't even think about some things.
 The leader of the martial arts world ...
 Li Hao listened in silence. Just like a teacher?
 His teacher had left behind many enemies. Sometimes, he would also complain, why did his teacher have to eliminate all evil?
 Today ... He had gained some enlightenment!
 It wasn't that his teacher didn't want to kill them all, but that he didn't care too much. For example, he always felt that the Xu family and the Pirates of the North Sea were no longer a threat ... It was a waste of time and energy to deal with them.
 But ... What would happen if he stopped moving forward after a thousand years?
 Just like his teacher, everyone in the world was his enemy!
 At that time, just like now, people would say that the demonic sword had dominated the world in the past, but now it was in an extremely miserable state, worse than a dog.
 At this moment, Li Hao's eyes suddenly lit up."Director Zhou, how about you follow me to Tian Xing city?"
 “……”
 Silence.
 "Li Hao ..." Director Zhao coughed.
 "Director Zhao!"  Li Hao's expression was serious,'you're enough in Silver Moon! It was such a waste of talent for director Zhou to be here! Maybe heavenstar is more suitable for director Zhou. I don't know about this, but it's okay!"
 Li Hao didn't seem to be affected at all. Instead, he said excitedly,"Someone told me that you don't have to know how to do it. It's okay! As long as you know how to use people and dare to use people, then there's no problem!"
 "No one is omnipotent, I'm not! Besides, I'm young, I'm inexperienced, and I don't know anything ... All of this doesn't matter! I can learn, and this process may be a long one, but as long as I know how to use people, it won't be a problem!"
 He looked at director Zhou and said excitedly, "Didn't the royal family give me the governor of heavenstar? "Director Zhou will go, I'll let director Tian Xing be the Deputy Governor. The royal family has no objections and will represent me! You'll be the Deputy Governor, martial uncle Hong Yitang will be the Dean, Minister hou will be in charge of the night patrols ... As for me, I'll be responsible for killing strong enemies!"
 Li Hao waved his hand and emphasized his words!
 "As for what my confidence is, and what is worth your anticipation ..."
 He thought for a moment and immediately said,"first, the starry sky sword, the identity of the eight great families" successor!" Second, I've been promoted, and I'm now the commander of Zhan Tian's Army ..."
 The Golden flame flickered!
 The two of them were stunned. Jin Jing?
 Teacher?
 Li Hao was also trying to act on what he had learned. It was just a Bluff. There was no difference between a strengthened Regiment and a teacher, right?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Third, I can ally with Silver Moon martial forest. At least, many people and martial masters now think that I, Li Hao, can be handed over to them, but the government can 't!"
  "Fourth, I have some ideas on how to advance to the next step. My strength will not stop advancing!"
 "Fifth, I know monster plants, and they're very easy to talk to. They can even fight for me!"
 "Sixth, heaven battling city might be able to recover soon. I've already infiltrated their ranks and have a good relationship with them. They're willing to fully support me, and some of the top-tier powerhouses who have been sleeping will soon recover ..."
 "Seventh, Ying Hongyue, who might be the most powerful person now, doesn't dare to deal with me. He hasn't successfully merged his seven meridians ..."
 He said it bit by bit to increase his weight.
 Finally, he looked at director Zhou and said,"so, director Zhou, maybe you think that I'm too inexperienced and don't understand a lot of things. But I'm not a saint. I wasn't born with it. I'm just an ordinary person. I walked out of the Silver City bit by bit. It hasn't been long since I left. Is this enough?"
 "If it's not enough, I will continue to increase my confidence. I believe that I can do it!"
 Director Zhao was stunned.
 Director Zhou looked at him and suddenly laughed,"You ... You're getting interesting!"

 "Director Zhou, come with me!" Li Hao gritted his teeth.
 Director Zhou laughed,"I'm just pointing out some problems ..."
 "I'll give you a reward. 100 drops of the spring of life!"
 “……”
 Director Zhou was stunned.
 "Li Hao ..." Director Zhao coughed.
 " 200 drops!"
 Li Hao waved his fist and gritted his teeth.""It's not just that. When I have more money, I'll give you even more benefits! What you need to do is simple. Go to heavenstar, help me perfect these, and settle everything! Whether it's negotiation or wooing, you can talk like a human or a ghost. "
 Director Zhou looked at director Zhao.
 Director Zhao wanted to roll his eyes,""Old Zhou, you and I have worked together for 40 years ..."
  "But he gave us 200 drops of the spring of life ..."
 Director Zhou looked at him. He was giving too much!
 Director Zhao wanted to vomit blood!
 What the hell?
 Is it appropriate for Li Hao to poach her right in front of me?
 "Li Hao, where did you get so many ..."
 "I have it!"
 Li Hao said firmly,"of course I have it. The monster plant I found provides me with the spring of life. 20000 Yuan for one drop. I obtained more than 7 million Yuan previously, and I exchanged it for 300 drops ... I'll give most of it to director Zhou!"
 “……”
 Twenty thousand Yuan?
 A drop?
 Director Zhao went into deep thought and said slowly,"That monster plant ... Where is it?"
 "What?"
 "No..." Director Zhao coughed,""What I mean is, will that monster plant affect Silver Moon? is it at the cat head mountain?"
 Li Hao instantly became alert. What?
 Poach?
 "Director, don't even think about it. That is a Guardian monster plant that only I can touch. Anyone who goes will be killed! The other party has already recovered to his peak strength and can tear the void apart. He's extremely powerful!"
 “……”
 Director Zhao sighed, what a pity!
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at director Zhou again.""Director Zhou, if you can see the problem and raise it, then you can solve it! As the saying goes,"a fine bird chooses a good tree to perch on." I believe director Zhao will not mind and will not obstruct your future ... Before Silver moon's second awakening, there will not be any major issues, nor will it be of any great use! Don't tell me you're going to waste your talent?"
 “……”
 Director Zhou touched his mustache and looked at director Zhao.
 Director Zhao laughed in anger. He looked at Li Hao."Li Hao, are you mocking me?"  "No!"
 Li Hao said seriously,"I think I need an advisor. I need someone like a military advisor. Uncle Hong is a good teacher and friend. The sword of radiance is purely about martial strength. Minister hou may be good at planning, but he's also distracted by many things. Moreover ... Minister hou should be more skilled in martial strength. I think it's better not to waste his energy."
 Director Zhao wanted to say something, but director Zhou interrupted him. He looked at Li Hao and smiled,"You want me to go to heavenstar? Then what if I ask you to lower your head to Ying Hongyue? He's a top-notch expert and also your enemy. I want you to beg for his forgiveness? Are you willing to listen?"
 "Sure!"
 Li Hao was very calm,"no problem, as long as he's willing to accept!" I can even kneel down in front of him and beg him not to deal with me, provided that he is willing. What's the big deal?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com “……”
 "What if he needs the starry sky sword?" director Zhou looked at Li Hao.
 "I can't do that. This is my trump card. I can lower my head, but I can't lose all my trump cards ... That would be troublesome."
 Director Zhou laughed,"what if he wants you to hand over the Silver Moon Martial Master?."
 "That means he doesn't have the heart to accept my request. You're the Silver Moon Martial Master, and he knows the situation of martial masters. I won't do this. If I do, he won't believe that I'm asking for peace."
 Director Zhou was silent for a while. After thinking about it, he said,"One last question! Do you want to be the Heavenly Star King?"
 Li Hao was still calm."I don't care. I can be one. I can not be one!" If no one is worthy, so what if I am? No matter how incompetent I am, I feel ... That what I've done is still better than the current Heavenly Star King!"
 “……”
 What a big tone!
 Director Zhou laughed. He looked at Li Hao for a long time before finally saying,"Sure ... Since this old man has nothing to do, it's not impossible for me to go to Heavenly Star and see my old friends. 200 drops of the spring of life, is that for real?"
 "My words carry enormous weight!"
 "Then there's no problem!"
 Director Zhao felt like he was about to cough out his lungs.
 "Cough, cough, cough ..."
 "Old Zhou ... You're so old, and you're always on the road ..."
 "It's fine, there's the spring of life to nurture it!"
 "No... Silver Moon is so busy right now, and Li Hao is even talking about accepting refugees ..."
  "This is a small matter!"
 Director Zhao couldn't hold it in any longer,"old Zhou, we've worked together for 40 years. You're leaving just like that?" What are you thinking? The Heavenly Star is not a good place ..."
 "He's giving me a lot!"
 He pointed at Li Hao." 200 drops. Give me 200 drops, and I'll keep them!"
 Go to hell!
 I don't have that much.
 Director Zhao was exhausted. He looked at Li Hao and then at director Zhou. After a while, he sneered, "Let's go, let's all go! Li Hao, don't think that you've picked up a bargain. Anyone can say nice things, but the key is to execute them! I know old Zhou too well. A good strategist doesn't make rash decisions! You can say that you're dead, but if you really do it, you won't be able to do anything. "
 "Old Zhao, is this how you see me all these years?"
 "Is there a problem?"
 "No problem ... Then there's nothing more to say between us!"

 “……”
 Director Zhou didn't say anything and just threw some documents on director Zhao's table,""I've finished the handover. You've seen what I've done, so you can take over! After working with you for 40 years, I'm a little sick of it. It might be better to change the environment. "
 "Old Zhou, I didn't mean it that way ..."
 "Old Zhao, Li Hao is right. There's nothing much going on with Silver Moon recently. I'll be back after his second recovery."
 “……”
 Director Zhao really wanted to curse. This wasn't discussed, really.
 This was not a double act!
 Old Zhou had not mentioned this before.
 ? 艹!
 What was going on?
  If you want to run just because you say so, have you ever considered me?
 He looked at Li Hao again and felt that Li Hao was doing something inhumane. After some thought, he still advised,""It's not worth it to invest too much energy in heavenstar. Silver Moon is the basic ..."
 Li Hao grinned."I know. But annihilate the enemy outside. Don't you know that, director?"
 "I ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Director Zhou, I'll come find you in two days ... I'll be leaving first!"
 With that, he disappeared.
 Director Zhao was speechless. After he ran away, he looked at director Zhou, "What's your situation?"
 Director Zhou continued to stroke his beard and smiled,"Nothing much. I'm just too free. Don't you think it's interesting to go out and take a look?"
 Director Zhao furrowed his brows."You know Silver moon's situation. How can he be so free?!" After the second recovery, there might be a change in the weather!"
 "Can't you just be here?"
 "Tell me the truth, what are your thoughts?"
 Director Zhou laughed,"I really didn't think much about it. It's just that ... I thought that after I scolded him, he might leave in anger. He might think a little more, give up, or rise up ... But I didn't expect him to ask me to go with him. I thought about it ... It's not bad! So I agreed. Besides, 200 drops of the spring of life isn't bad. It can help me nourish my body. "
 Director Zhao was tired.
 The small boat of friendship had capsized.
 "Whatever you want!"
 "It's useless even if you don't do as you please. "
 "I'll ... Get lost!"
 Director Zhao was a little annoyed. The old thing really wanted to leave. They didn't part for 40 years and he was going to abandon me?
 How hateful!
 "Then I'll go back and pack ... We'll have a drink later as a farewell."
 "Give it to your ancestors, get lost!"
 Director Zhou laughed and walked out.
 After he left, director Zhao sighed and shook his head helplessly,""I'm really getting old ... Why do I have to follow the trend? is the bloodline of the eight great families more popular?"
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao walked out of the administrative Bureau.
 At first, he was happy, but then he felt a little heartache.
 200 drops ... Was it worth it?
 Could director Zhou really bring in such huge benefits?
 Director Zhao also said that the other party was good at planning. He raised many problems, but the key was to solve them!
 If he couldn't solve it, it would be a waste to mention it.
 "I was a little impulsive!"
 Li Hao thought to himself and then gritted his teeth. Forget it, he'd just take it as buying peace of mind with money!
 Director Zhou should be a powerful Martial Master. Even if he wasn't of much use, he could be a powerful guard. At least, Li Hao hadn't seen through him before, so he shouldn't be weak.
 "Two hundred drops, two million divine power stones ... What's the big deal!"
 Li Hao comforted himself. It's good. Money can't buy my happiness. I'm very happy!
 Besides, even if it was just talking, it was better to be able to ask questions than not being able to see the problems at all. Being an official for 40 years was indeed different. Look, no one around him had mentioned these problems.
 Li Hao felt much more at ease after thinking this through.
 Just like this!
 ……
 Li Hao didn't go back to the Nightwalker. Instead, he left white moon City. He wanted to go back to Silver City first to devour the blood God and see if he could see the sword again.
 Even though the sword intent was dormant now, it didn't matter.
 If this dragged on, he was worried that if he became stronger, even the blood God at the peak of the Xuguang transformation stage would be useless. Where could he find a stronger one?
 ……
 Silver City.
 Li Hao didn't greet anyone.  After returning to the Silver City, he went straight to the mine and hid in the underground ruins. Then, he swallowed all three powerful blood deities in one gulp. He was afraid that it would be useless if he didn't have enough.
 Perhaps he would be able to see the eight trigrams diagram again after consuming three pills.
 The three Blood God illusions entered his stomach, and his blood flowed continuously.
 The next moment, something changed in Li Hao's eyes. Li Hao raised his head, and in an instant, a huge eight-trigram diagram appeared in front of him.
 Compared to the past, he had seen much more things this time.
 The starry sky!
 Yes, he seemed to see the starry sky.
 The last time he saw the eight trigrams, he saw that there seemed to be a person in the center of the eight trigrams. But this time, he didn't see these. He only saw the starry sky, the endless starry sky.
 And in the depths of the starry sky, there seemed to be a door standing.
 Vaguely, there seemed to be something near the door.
 Li Hao was in a daze. In his daze, he still remembered his goal. The next moment, he followed the blood-red thread on his head and went deeper.
 A moment later, his vision blurred.
 An illusionary figure appeared.
 This time, it was slightly different from the previous time. He could see it more clearly. It seemed to be an old man with messy hair and a long sword in his hand.
 All of a sudden, a beam of sword light shot across the world!
 "The lifeless sword!"
 A wave of annihilating sword intent seemed to want to destroy everything. With a single strike, everything would be reduced to nothingness!
 He felt that he was stronger than last time.
 The last time he broke my sword, the sword was drawn and the strong enemy was destroyed. It was as if he had fallen.
 This time, it was a little different. This time, it did not seem like he and his enemy had died, but the entire world, everything had turned into nothingness and ceased to exist.
 "The destruction of all living things ..."
 With this thought in mind, Li Hao murmured, and everything fell silent!
 What a terrifying sword!
 The old man struck out with his sword, and everything was gone. There was only chaos and darkness.
 Was this the power of a top swordsman?
 The next moment, Li Hao quickly retreated. A faint sword intent seemed to follow him. The next moment, Li Hao's arm was shattered, but he suspended the starry sky sword in the air. Sure enough, a sword intent entered the sword.
 The starry sky sword trembled.
 As for Li Hao, he quickly swallowed a few drops of the spring of life. His arm grew back, shattered, and grew again ...
 Li Hao kept drinking the spring of life.
 Previously, he had already known that this sword intent was very fearsome ... But today, he realized that it was even more fearsome!
 He was an expert with the ability of God, but it was useless.
 This was just observing the sword, not the sword of this time and space. Perhaps it was just a little mark left behind countless years ago.
 Li Hao's arm was no longer shattered after he took seven or eight drops of the spring of life and the starry sky sword swallowed all the sword Qi.
 Li Hao opened his eyes, which seemed to exude a destructive aura.
 The five types of Shi in his five internal organs seemed to be stirring.
 The superclass of sword intent seemed to have changed at this moment.
 The bridge of the five internal organs ... Was vaguely in the shape of a sword and was beginning to twist.
 Li Hao raised his head to look at the sky. There was nothing there.
 "Starry sky, gate, Eight Trigrams, seal ..."
 Li Hao mumbled. What exactly was in the Silver City?
 After seeing this, he did not know when he would be able to see it again.
 However, he had achieved almost all of his goals.
 Li Hao climbed up from the rubble and glanced at the stone door not far away. It was still quiet, but he didn't look at it for long. It was said that the land of inheritance was behind this place. He only had the wind-chasing boots and the starry sky sword, which didn't suit this place.
 This might be the inheritance of the Hong family's hammer.
  ……
 At the same time.
 Red Moon headquarters.
 Ying Hongyue also looked towards the North. Her qi and blood were fluctuating. She seemed to have vaguely seen something, and her brows furrowed slightly.
 "Li Hao ..."
 Did that guy return to the Silver City?
 Sure enough, the inheritance of the sword Saint was extraordinary. He had fought hundreds of battles and could not be killed even with all his super powers. What a pity, what a pity that I ...
 He closed his eyes. The only way was to fuse the seven meridians together.
 Li Hao's growth was too fast, so fast that it was unimaginable.
 Among the eight great families, the Li family was the most respected, it seemed to be true.

 "The sword vein ..."
 After leaving the relic, Li Hao had a lot of ideas. He had been thinking about his next move recently.
 Heaven battling city and the Silver Moon Martial Master had both given him a lot of inspiration.
 And now, a sword range had appeared.
 That's right, it was interesting that the Super Lock was showing signs of changing into a sword range.
 "There's also the "break" character formula, the "attack" character formula ... Using essence, Qi and spirit to nurture, to nurture the sword technique ..."
 In the end, many things were actually connected.
 Li Hao was more and more interested in martial arts.
 Although he was no longer a Martial Master, he was still a Martial Master.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Superpower lock, sword nurturing technique, Blood Blade technique, origin Dao ..."
  Li Hao mumbled to himself. He had too many thoughts recently and was having a hard time digesting them. Director Wang was right. It was easy to go astray if you read too much. He had to try these things one by one and think about them after he understood them thoroughly.
 "Too many, too many ... Not good!"
 Li Hao thought that with so many systems and ideas, he had to integrate them.
 Otherwise, if this continued, he might fall into a stagnate.
 "There's also the silent Shi ..."
 Li Hao thought that he had to grasp Shi.
 Force, superpower lock, origin Dao ...
 A myriad of thoughts flooded into Li Hao's mind, making him feel like he was about to explode.
 He shook his head and stopped thinking about it.
 Next, he would try them one by one.
 In his mind, some ideas appeared. He wanted to combine, unify, and use one thing to carry and contain everything. He wanted to integrate Dao, force, superpower lock, and mystic energy.
 The mysterious energy was an external force, and it couldn't be fused with him or absorbed into his body. Then, he would wrap it with something and fuse it into his body?
 Would this work?
 "What if I can open and close the Super Lock at will, release power at will, and withdraw it at will?"
 "Didn't the secret technique of five birds merge Shi into it?"
 "Then, open a hole in the Super Lock ... The kind that can be sealed at will ..."
 Li Hao didn't want to think about it, but at this moment, he was suddenly tempted.
 Open a hole in the SuperLock?
 What a good idea!
 I'm such a genius!
 However, how was he going to open it?
 How could he turn it off?
 His teacher's breathing technique of five birds had lost its train of thought after reaching the spirit integration stage. He did not say what to do next. That's right, after the spirit integration stage, would he have to break the Super Lock?
 "It's still the same method as before. It's not difficult to open a hole, just like planting a tree ... The difficult part is that it can be closed at will ... I have to use something as a door ..."
 "It still has to be something within my body, or else it won't be compatible with me ... Qi and blood? Spirit? Or something else?"
 Or should he fuse them together and then go back to being a vein-blocking plaything?
 Merging them together ... Wasn't this the same as condensing one's essence, Qi, and spirit into words?
 Li Hao smiled. This is interesting!  The martial Dao was indeed interconnected.
 He thought in his heart. However, everything was just a thought. At this moment, there was not much time for him to try. The seventh leader was right. As long as he did not die, he would study and try. What was there to be afraid of?
 ……
 Silver City.
 Li Hao returned to his old house. The old house had been sealed off and had become a dangerous building. No one lived here anymore. This place used to be a demolition site. Now that they had moved out, it didn't affect the others much.
 Heibao had also returned.
 The kennel at the entrance of the corridor was still there, but it was a little messy and damp. Black Panther glanced at it and did not have any attachment. Whoever wanted to live in this broken kennel could live there!
 "I don't know how to reminisce at all!"
 "Heibao!" Li Hao glanced at Heibao."This was your old home!"
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 Black Panther retorted. This was no, this was a temporary kennel.
 If I let you stay, will you?
 "Time is gone, never to return!"
 Li Hao also sighed with emotion. No matter how strong one was, they could not go back to the past. Time was their greatest enemy. A few months ago, he had been a poor wretch. A few months later, he had become famous.
 If he could go back to the past, would he still take this path?
 Going back to a few months ago, it would definitely be the same.
 What if he went back to the time when his parents were still alive, and when Xiao Yuan was still alive?
 Li Hao laughed awkwardly and stopped thinking about it. The past was in the past, and time would not turn back. There was no need to worry about it.
 ……
 Li Hao didn't stay long in Silver City.
 The silver Blizzard city had many secrets, but none of them were things he could reveal at this moment.
 Li Hao returned to white moon City the next day.
 This time, Li Hao chose to go to the Wei Wu army base.
 He had not returned for more than a month.
 ……
 Wei Wu army camp.
 It was very quiet.
  The Wei Wu Army was originally small in number, and they had been running here and there recently. The demon hunt squads had fought a few battles recently, with Pirates and some supers within the borders, so they could be considered to have gained some fame.
 However, compared to Li Hao, he was far inferior.
 When Li Hao appeared, the demon hunt squads that were originally in the middle of their repairment all became excited.
 "Guild leader!"
 When Li Hao triggered the alarm and appeared in the base, everyone was excited.
 Of course, Liu Long did not manage to get into the queue and was pushed to the back. The first person to rush over was not anyone else but Hong Qing. At this moment, Hong Qing seemed to be on the verge of exploding.
 As soon as he saw Li Hao, he looked around impatiently.""Guild leader, where's my father?"
 "What?"
 "Earth overturning sword!"
 She was so anxious that she directly registered her number."Didn't you say that my father is also participating in the battle of Heavenly Star? And ... And I heard that ... He even ... Killed the king of the plains, is that true? My father is a divine-tier elite? No way! He's so listless ... Cough, cough, he's such an honest person, how could he have hidden his strength?"

 "I'm the daughter of a god art? Then how did I end up so miserable ... Look at those xiguang sons and daughters, they're either three suns or xiguang 'S. My father is a god art, so how could I be so poor?"
 “……”
 Hong Qing had not been so anxious, but she had received some news these days.
 Silver Moon also spread the news.
 The Silver Moon Martial Master was a good man, he became famous in the sky Star sea, his Demon Sword shone in all directions, his Heavenly Sword swept across the sky and suppressed the eight desolates, and his earth sword killed the Heavenly King in a rage ... The Silver Moon Martial Master was really arrogant, he was the Emperor of the four Seas and eight desolates ...
 He even took out the Voodoo!
 Most importantly, earth sword Hong Yitang's name was also on the list. He was particularly dazzling, killing a Heavenly King in a rage. This Heavenly King was the current real king, and he was not just for show.
 How could Hong Qing not be excited?
 Unfortunately, her father hadn't come back these days, so she had no place to ask.
 Otherwise, she would have grabbed her father and interrogated him ruthlessly. If you were so powerful, why was your daughter so miserable?
  How could there be such a miserable child with divine powers?
 Since he was young, he had to do the laundry and cook. That was really a snot and tears!
 If I had known that father was so strong, would I have needed to do all this?
 Li Hao was a little embarrassed by Hong Qing's series of questions. After a long while, he said,""This ... You can ask your father yourself. I don't know why he's so strong. As for your weak strength ... Maybe your father thinks you need to train ..."
 Hong Qing was full of resentment. Just this?
 Nothing else?
 "It's a pity that I didn't get to see my father kill the king of the plains with one sword strike ..." He said regretfully."It would have been very cool!"
 Li Hao chuckled and nodded."It's quite cool. He killed it with one strike. The king of the plains couldn't believe it even when he died."
 "The Guild leader is also strong!"
 Hong Qing suppressed his anxiety and praised Li Hao. After all, his father was not around, and Li Hao was still stronger."The commander even killed Hu Xiao, who established the nine divisions. I heard that he almost killed King tenstar ..."
 “……”
 These words ...
 Why did it become that I wanted to kill King Tian Xing?
 Li Hao chuckled.
 Hong Qing had just started speaking when someone finally squeezed his way out. Wang Ming, who was about to break his head from squeezing his way through, instantly squeezed over and said impatiently,"Senior brother, you're famous throughout the world. You're now Marquis heavenstar, the governor of heavenstar, and it's said that you're going to claim the title of King in heavenstar city ... Senior brother, are you in need of manpower this time? I can go. I'm not busy. I can help you!"
 Li Hao didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
 He glanced at Wang Ming. This guy was now three suns, but he was still in the early stage of three suns. This strength was good, but ... Not enough.
 The strength of the members of demon hunt squads had more or less improved.
 The number of warrior power had increased.
 The last time he was cultivating at the small tree's place, the successor of the Willow silk sword, Li Heng, was the first to advance to the Qian warrior class. Not long after that, Hong Qing and the others advanced one after another. As of now, the small demon hunt squad had many Qian Warriors.
 Liu Long's side seemed to have also stepped onto the path of the amassing spirit, but after seeing the stellarsky city, he felt that they were too weak.
  Of course, it was not bad.  After breaking through the first barrier, these people's progress wouldn't be slow.
 "Wang Ming, I've offended a group of experts over there. If you go, be careful not to get killed!"
 Wang Ming grinned,"so what!?" With senior brother here, how could he die so easily ... Even if he did die, he could at least leave a name. "
 Everyone laughed. Their eyes were filled with anticipation and desire.
 They also wanted to go!
 To the central region, to become famous, to strengthen himself, to fight in all directions!
 Unfortunately, they knew that they were too weak.
 Thus, they decided to stay in Silver Moon instead of going to the central continent to look for Li Hao.
 At this moment, Liu Long also walked over and asked with some doubt,""Didn't sword head Hong come back?"
 Li Hao had arranged for him to go to swords gate before he left.
 In the end ... Hong Yitang ran away and was not at home every few days. The first time, he went to the East, and as soon as he came back, he immediately went to stellarsky city. Now, he was nowhere to be seen. Li Hao's arrangement was a joke.
 Without Hong Yitang in swords gate, what could they do?
 Do odd jobs?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He might as well go out and kill a few Pirates!
 "No, he's not coming back!"
 "Senior uncle Hong has decided to stay in stellarsky city to practice the truth," Li Hao said with a smile.
 Liu Long's eyes flickered as he glanced at Li Hao.
 Originally, Li Hao had wanted him to stay at Silver Moon ... And he was actually willing to do so.
 But now ...
 "They all say that Silver Moon won't be in any trouble in the near future. Is that true?" he asked after some thought.
  "More or less."
 "You might be in danger in stellarsky city?"
 "Boss, you mean ..."
 "Why don't you ... Take us to the central continent too!"
 This was the first time Liu Long had taken the initiative to ask to leave Silver Moon. Li Hao looked at him in surprise, but Liu Long said solemnly,""Originally, I thought that after I entered the spirit accumulation stage, I would be able to kill the three yang! He would also have a place in Silver Moon! I can protect the Silver City, this small city ... Now, when I know that the divine power is just so-so, I think ... I need to become stronger to fulfill my wish!"
 He actually wanted to go out!
 "Guild leader, take us there!"
 Everyone chimed in one after another, unable to suppress their impulses and excitement.
 After seeing the wind and rain, seeing the heavens beyond heaven, they were no longer those martial masters who had not seen the world. They had seen a lot, and they wanted to go out and broaden their horizons.
 Li Hao exhaled."I actually had such thoughts when I returned this time. It's just that I originally thought that stellarsky city was too dangerous. You guys ..."

 "Martial masters are not afraid of danger!"
 Liu Yan stopped Li Hao's words and looked at Li Hao with a smile.""If you're afraid of death, what's the point of being a Martial Master? We want to go to the central continent to see the bigger world!"
 Li Hao immediately laughed,'sister Liu, you can't sit still anymore? I'm more confident now that I've entered the warrior of thousands. "
 Liu Yan smiled like a flower."We can't just watch as the Wei Wu Army becomes famous. We also want to have a taste of it. It is said that the Wei Wu Army in the central region is also very famous. Everyone only knows about the Wei Wu Army, but not the demon hunt squads!"
 Li Hao considered for a moment and said,""It's not that it's impossible. This time, it won't just be you guys. The Silvermoon Army will also arrange for a thousand soldiers to go to stellarsky city. "As for the administration Bureau, Deputy Director Zhou will be following them ..."
 With them, it wouldn't be a problem.
 But ...
 "There's actually a chance if you stay in Silver Moon," Li Hao said."You all know little tree. He'll continue to grow stronger in the near future, and he has enough vitality to help everyone cultivate. He'll provide the best cultivation sanctuary for everyone ..."
 "Martial masters in seclusion are not true martial masters!"
 Someone roared. What was the point of a Martial Master cultivating in seclusion?
  An expert who didn't come out of seclusion!
 Li Hao laughed and said,"up to you!" But it's really dangerous, you guys know that. "
 "We know, leader. We're not afraid!"
 "That's good. Get ready and pack up. I might have to leave for Heavenly Star the day after tomorrow."
 Previously, he had wanted to deal with Linjiang first and open up a path so that he would no longer be surrounded.
 After Deputy Director Zhou said that, Li Hao gave up on the idea.
 At the current stage, these were all minor details.
 As for the refugees, as director Zhao had said, as long as they asked, Linjiang would send them five million, ten million ...
 As long as you, Silver Moon, are not afraid of death, he can send all of them to you!
 The reason why they blocked the road was because they did not want the refugees to be stranded in Linjiang.
 The mission he had come back for this time was considered complete.
 Next, he just needed to wait for the sapling to gather enough spring of life and then give the seed to the sapling. Then, it would be almost done.
 Also, Huang Yu might be able to collect a batch of armor, so he could go to heaven battling city and Exchange for some.
 ……
 As soon as Li Hao returned to the Wei Wu army base, Hao lianchuan, who was still on night patrol, received the news and rushed over. The meaning of his words was the same: take me there too!
 I also want to go to stellarsky city!
 Recently, Silver moon's Nightwatchers had nothing to do. With the departure of these troublemakers, the three major organizations lost interest in this place. Some ran away, while others died. The Pirates of the North Sea were also killing each other for the right to speak. The Pirates of the East Sea were also having internal strife for the position of boss ...
 Silver Moon was almost out of the picture.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Heavenly Star City.
 After Li Hao left and returned to Silver Moon, stellarsky city quieted down. The commotion from before was also gradually dying down.
 Jiusi was still the same Jiusi.
  Since Li Hao had stopped killing people, fewer people reported him to the star military governor's office. Since they had not seen Li Hao's movements, they chose to wait and see, not daring to report him.  The night patrollers and the Wei Wu Army still did things their own way.
 There was no so-called fusion, no so-called integration.
 On the third day after Li Hao left, a sword intent burst out in the night patrollers 'headquarters.
 Yao si instantly appeared at the entrance of a small courtyard.
 At the same time, there were a few other young people who came with him. Big eyes and the other two also appeared. They were a little excited. Dao Jian was coming out of seclusion!
 Recently, all the limelight was on Li Hao.
 Dao Jian, who had killed the grandson of Yama and caused the war between the three major organizations and the night patrolmen, had been in seclusion all this time. His ranking on the God tier masters list had almost fallen to the bottom ten.
 "I've finally come out of seclusion!"
 "Yup!"
 "He's been in seclusion for almost three months ..."
 "Almost!"
 "In three months, Dao sword has missed a lot of great shows!"
 The few of them discussed, while Yao SI only listened silently.
 A moment later, a person walked out from the small building. He had a graceful bearing and a smile on his face. Looking at Yao si, he slightly bowed: "Minister!"
 "Yes."
 Yao si also nodded slightly and glanced at him. After a moment, he said,""Transformation? However ... It seems to be quite stable. Does this mean that there's hope for me to step into the divine power realm?"
 "Divine ability?"
 "The name of the new realm."
 "I understand," Dao Jian chuckled.
 Then, he looked at the big-eyed man and the others and nodded slightly,""It seems that you guys are not bad as well. Your strength has improved a little, and the transformation shouldn't be too far away."
 The man with the long saber said dejectedly,"what's the use of transforming?!" It's no longer the era of the rising sun, and divine abilities have all appeared. During the days you were in seclusion ... A large number of divine abilities have died. Didn't you know about the massacre a few days ago?"
 "I can sense one or two."
  Dao Jian wasn't surprised. He was just in closed-door cultivation and wasn't dead. It was just that he was in the stage of opening the Super Lock and couldn't come out.
 "It's nothing, just continue forward!"
 Dao Jian smiled."Only with many strong people can you go further. It's better to have a Hundred Flowers bloom than to stand out alone. There's only motivation when you have divine arts in front of you, isn't it?"
 "You're quite open-minded!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "When you were in seclusion, the sky changed. Now, even Minister Yao is not the head of our night patrol ..." The big-eyed man said gloomily.
 ? "Cough cough!"
 Yao si coughed lightly, nonsense!
 How am I not?
 He had a good impression of these four people.
 Especially Dao Jian. Although he was a superpower, he was very talented, bold, and meticulous. If Li Hao hadn't come, Dao Jian would definitely be one of the best among the younger generation of Heavenly Star. His current divine powers were all old experts.

