fileno%d
looked at each other, and Lin Hongyu said,""Governor, do you need ... Senior Sequoia's help?"
 "Sequoia and the Imperial Guards will follow. The others don't need to."
 Lin Hongyu nodded and said in a low voice,""The monster plant in the communication base station ... Perhaps it's at the peak of immortal realm, just like senior Sequoia."
 "Yes, I know. But they are all independent. It's a good chance to test the waters. If even a single peak of immortal realm monster plant can't solve the problem ... Then they're just courting death in the ancient city."
 Lin Hongyu knew what to do and did not continue. She quickly said,""Then I'll continue to promote education, planting, the sky screen, and the infrastructure. I need the monster plant that agreed to cooperate to provide some food."
 "Sure, you can talk to him later. You can add more money and divine energy stones!"
 "We're short of everything now, not the divine power stones,"Li Hao said with a smile.
 "I understand."
 Lin Hongyu nodded and did not say anything else.
 Seeing that no one was talking anymore, Li Hao said,""We should not delay. We are always short of time ... While Qian Wuliang and the others are searching for the ancient city, we should set off to deal with some guys ... Wait for me for half a day. I'll build the bodies of the captains and then we'll set off!"
  The crowd had no objections and quickly dispersed.
 ……
 The ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 At this moment, as the Heavenly Star Army cleaned up, Heavenly Star Town had returned to its former appearance.
 Currently, the students of Yuanping martial arts university, director Wang, some monster plants, some star Army soldiers, and the old turtle's clones were all living here.
 The energy here was dense. To them, this was a treasure land.
 Outside the mine.
 When Li Hao arrived, he released the mental power of the self-destructing Regiment commanders. These Regiment commanders were not weak back then. They were all close to the peak. After all these years, their mental power had grown a lot.
 When they self-destructed earlier, they had worked together and even killed a God.
 Of course, it was also because the gods had yet to fully awaken. A fully awakened God was still extremely powerful. At their peak, the gods had the battle prowess of Saints, and they were not something they could kill.
 At this moment, there were a total of five leaders with their spiritual energy floating in the air.
 At this moment, director Qi suddenly floated over and smiled,"Are we going to create a physical body?"
 "Yes,"
 "How about you count me in?"
 Li Hao was stunned. He had mentioned it before, but this person didn't agree. What was this today?
 Director Qi laughed."I think the pool is about to be completely depleted. There's only some medicinal paste left. If we don't make it in time, even if we recover our physical body, it'll only be a simple physical body. Now, we can make it slightly stronger."  This was the truth.
 "Then what kind of body does director Qi want?" Li Hao nodded.
 "I'll take something similar to yours. "
 Director Qi chuckled."I'm too familiar with the neo martial body. Perhaps it'll be different if I change my lifestyle."
 Li Hao's heart moved, and he nodded.
 After saying that, he saw Zhang an appear and said,""Senior Zhang, the five regimental commanders and director Qi need to forge their physical bodies. As for Yuanping martial arts university ... I'll give them four slots for now. Forge ten bodies today. I still have something to do, so I'll be leaving early. Is ... Is there anyone here who needs to forge their physical bodies?"
 "Yes, but ... Since you're already forging, make it a little stronger," Zhang an replied calmly.
 "I know, but ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao wanted to say that it wasn't that he was unwilling, but that the materials were limited. He had used up all the water in the treasured pool, and he couldn't build a powerful body out of thin air.
 At this moment, a physical body suddenly appeared in front of Zhang an.""This one."
 "Senior, this is a Heavenly King's body ..." Li Hao was stunned.
 "I know,"
 Zhang an nodded."It's just that it's not very useful. The real use is after the second recovery. At this stage, it's actually useless. If I go out, I won't be able to have the combat power of a Heavenly King. In this place ... It didn't matter if he had this or not. Since that's the case ... Why don't you just break it and forge a new body so that everyone's Foundation will be better, and you won't have to start cultivating again?"
 "The first batch of people will forge their bodies," he added."With this, and the local elemental energy contained in some of the gods 'bodies, it might have some good effects."
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. He nodded."I know. Senior ... You mean ... The few Yuan Ping students also want to create new human bodies?"
  "There are still people who like it."
 "The four of you, right?" Zhang an asked softly. I'm going to find someone, you go ahead and prepare. "
 "Alright," he said.
 ……
 Zhang an left.
 Very quickly, they arrived at a place in the city. There were many puppets here. At this moment, some were playing cards, some were chatting, and some were reading. They had nothing to do since they were trapped in the puppets.
 He was too idle!
 "Teacher!"
 Seeing Zhang an, everyone stood up. Zhang an didn't say much and said calmly,""I'm sure everyone knows what I'm thinking. Today, Li Hao is going to forge a new human body. Four people will be chosen for the first batch. There aren't many people. Who's willing to forge a new human body?"
 "I'll make it clear in advance, and I'll repeat it again ... If a new human's body is forged, the great Dao ... Li Hao discovered it! He knows how many Dao meridians there are and where they are. He might reveal them now, but he might not reveal the newly discovered Dao meridians in the future ... Therefore, he can't keep all his secrets open!"

 "So ... If you want to follow, the only way is ... To let go of the past!"
 He said in a deep voice,"if you're ready for this, then come out. If you're not, don't come out!" Leave the opportunity to those who need it. "
 Someone in the puppet was silent for a moment before saying,""If we attack neo martial ..."
 "Then let's attack!"
 Zhang an said in a deep voice,"since you've decided to join us, you've already made up your mind. You've chosen your own path. Do you really want to turn back?" It's the most dangerous and hateful thing to do!"
 "Then ... If we meet our Father and ancestor the next day ..."
 Zhang an frowned,"there won't be a fight for no reason. Li Hao isn't that kind of person!" If that day really came ... He would choose his own family! Between loyalty and family, I suggest you choose family! When choosing between factions, I suggest choosing loyalty! Family is more important than loyalty, and loyalty is more important than faction choice. That's what a human is!"
 As soon as he said that, someone seemed to heave a sigh of relief.
 "Teacher, what you mean is ... If ... It doesn't involve our family, but only the remnants of the neo martial arts, we ... Can fight with all our might?"
 Zhang an nodded."That's right. It's been 100000 years. Everyone has their own path and choices." Of course, if you die in battle, don't blame anyone. "
  "Who is willing to come out?"
 In an instant, about 30 people walked out.
 Without any hesitation.
 Zhang an's heart trembled slightly. There were quite a few people who were still hesitating, but these people did not hesitate.
 Did he say that they were cold-hearted?
 Or were they decisive?
 At this moment, he didn't know what he was thinking. To be so decisive and without any hesitation, it meant that they had thought it through.
 However, from the perspective of neo martial arts, such decisiveness might be ... A bit uncomfortable.
 p He didn't say it out loud. In front of him was a robot cat. At this moment, it took the initiative to speak,""Teacher, perhaps teacher will feel that ... We are too ... Heartless! However, the neo martial art was gone. At least, the neo martial art in our hearts was gone in this era! "Today's neo martial, today's ancient city, and today's remaining people have all changed. We're also human, and we will change. We ... Don't want to be puppets anymore!"  "Of course, we don't need any reason ... No matter how many reasons we have, it's just an excuse. If we become teacher's enemies the next day, teacher can just kill us!"
 The person who spoke was extremely calm,""Teacher has always let us choose for ourselves. Today, we have chosen such an outcome! "As for teacher himself, he might not have made a decision yet ... Teacher, a fence-sitter has always been the most dangerous person. No matter what, we hope that teacher can make a decision as soon as possible. We hope that there will be a good result."
 After that, the robot cat no longer looked funny. Instead, it looked at the people who stood up together and said,"Out of all of us, only four of us will be receiving new bodies today. We need the four with the strongest abilities and the best talents! First, cultivate the new martial arts. If there are any gains, the next batch will be you guys. We can still teach you some experience. Now, those undying people of the past, step forward. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In an instant, eight people walked out.
 "Including me, nine ..."
  Robot cat looked at the puppets and said,"Five more than before ... I went to talk to Li Hao, but he said four only because he didn't want to waste his time. It doesn't have to be four. If the teacher is embarrassed to say it, I'll be embarrassed to say it!"  "One more person, one more helping hand!"
 Zhang an wanted to say something but stopped.
 The robot cat didn't ask him any more questions. It seemed to be saying that since it had made its decision, from today onwards, it would fight for everything on its own. It didn't need its teacher to be in a dilemma.
 The nine puppets didn't say anything. Soon, they bowed to the others and left.
 Watching them leave, Zhang an's mood was particularly complicated.
 He had grown up!
 Or it could be said that they were tired, tired, and could no longer endure such a life for 100000 years.
 Should he be happy?
 Or should he be in pain?
 These people were supposed to be the human King's fiend guards in the past, but now ...
 ……
 Outside the mine.
 The nine puppets walked over.
  Li Hao recognized the leader. Before Li Hao could speak, the leading feline robot said,""I'm Jiang Yingli from Yuanping martial arts university. Greetings, Governor li! I would like to discuss with the governor if we can resuscitate nine people at once. They were all geniuses of the past, undying beings!"
 Li Hao was slightly dazed.
 "We all came from the main world," the feline robot continued,"so we don't have much to do with the Silvermoon world. In the Silvermoon world, other than my former classmates and teachers, there aren't many restrictions! Compared to the eight main cities, we have more freedom! 9 undyings, every one of them is proficient in some extremely powerful techniques, even if they can't use their full power today, they're still not something normal undyings can compare to!"
 "That's right. Governor li has revived us and created physical bodies. Once we have physical bodies, our combat power will definitely not be weak!"
 "At the very least, we still have hope of reaching the current limits of the world. Our spiritual power is strong enough. Even if we don't comprehend some force, we can quickly open up a large number of attribute-less Dao meridians!"
 "We've received strict training. When we fight, we have a sense of cooperation!"
 “……”
 The students were all recommending themselves.
 And this had never happened before.
 Previously, these students had only treated him as a mercenary and called him by his name. Today, some changes occurred.

 Li Hao was silent for a while."All of them need new bodies?"
 "Right!"
 "I want to deal with some monster plants in the remains ..."
 "If there's a need, I'll do my best!"
 "You don't regret it?" Li Hao took a deep breath.
 "A hundred thousand years. I've actually thought about everything I should regret, hate, and think about! Teacher thought that we have been in a deep sleep for the past 100000 years, but ... Even if we only wake up once every 1000 years for 3 - 5 years, we have still endured 300 - 500 years of darkness and loneliness. "
 Li Hao laughed,"then in the future ... You guys might no longer be neo martial artists ..."
 "Is the identity of a neo martial artist ... Very important? "The important thing has never been neo martial, but the spirit of neo martial. Resist injustice, resist unyielding, resist darkness, resist everything!"
 Jiang Yingli said loudly at this moment,"the governor doesn't understand what neo martial is at all!" Neo martial was resistance! The human King, the Supreme martial artist, and the others led everyone to resist the injustice of fate! Identity has never been the main thing!"
 Li Hao smiled."Alright ... Then ... The nine of you will be resurrected together!"
  "Thank you for your help, Governor!"
 Li Hao smiled."Then today, I'll resurrect the 15 of you. You all have the bodies of new humans."
 Then, he continued,"today, I'll put in some effort. I'll use the elements in the body of a God spirit as a guide and the energy in the Heavenly King's body as a source. Among them, fire, earth, and wood can be your choice of elemental divine power Dao meridians. Because I have the body of a God spirit with all three elements, I can draw in some power of the great Dao."
 "Isn't there bad luck? What's that?"
 "I'm not too sure, so I won't give everyone a choice ... If you choose, it'll be difficult to control. I don't recommend choosing unknown Dao."
 Everyone nodded.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. After thinking for a while, he said,""The same old rules. Transplant the great Dao and stabilize the passageway. In addition, to make the passageway more stable, students can choose to forge puppets into divine weapons. The material is very good and can be refined to be integrated into the main Dao Meridian. It will run through the great Dao of origin and act as a vessel, which can withstand more power!"
 The material of the puppet was a pretty good treasure.
 The puppets were in a difficult position. Jiang Yingli said,""It's not easy to refine. This item was personally forged by the Vice-Chancellor back then ..."
 At this moment, someone sighed and flew over from the distance,""I'll help you refine it. "
 "Teacher ..."
 "It's still the same. The Imperial Guard and I stabilized, cut off, and transplanted the great Dao together. We puppeted divine weapons and Natal divine weapons! Strengthen the channel and absorb more power from the bright star sector to speed up your recovery so that you can recover your undying battle strength as soon as possible!"
 At this point, he looked at Li Hao and said,"today, they chose to join ... I hope that you can treat them equally!" "With the transformation of the great Dao and the rebirth of the body, it's a new beginning. As long as it doesn't involve your loved ones, the students of Yuanping martial arts university will never be afraid of the battle!"
 "Of course!"
  Li Hao nodded and stopped talking. Divine runes flew out, and the power of the bright star sector emerged.  Now, it was a little easier than before.
 Recently, he had completed a simple division of the great Dao regions. These people only needed to choose a main divine power great Dao, whether it was the fleshly body great Dao or the attribute-less great Dao, and he could quickly complete the transformation.
 Compared to when he converted director Wang, it was much easier now.
 As for how far these people could cultivate and how many Dao meridians they could open, that would depend on their own abilities.
 However, the foundation was here. The great Dao was strong and stable. In fact, with a strong foundation, he could cultivate much faster than others. For example, director Wang could easily open 18 meridians now.
 He was also at the initial immortal realm.
 These people might have been stronger than director Wang in the past and were all at the early stage of immortal realm. However, these students were all direct descendants of venerable sovereigns and might be even stronger.
 p Presumably, these people would only need a few days to cultivate to 18 meridians.  This was the benefit of having a deep foundation.
 As for the Silver Moon Martial Master, he had advanced step by step, and it was already not bad that he had opened 12 meridians.
 There was still a gap between the two of them.
 Li Hao didn't think about it anymore. Whether it was the 12th or 18th path, it was hard for anyone who had taken the new path to surpass him.
 Furthermore, as these people joined in, he would only become stronger and stronger.
  He no longer thought about this. After breaking some of the God's flesh and blood, he reached out and grabbed the Heavenly King's body. He began to burn and refine it with his fire element. On the other side, Zhang an also grabbed the puppet bodies of several puppet students with his big hands, leaving behind some shadows.
 There was no flame in his hand, but a hammer.
 He began to forge puppets and turn them into weapons.
 In the past, he had also received some guidance from the number one blacksmith in the world, the Supreme Emperor of the cast God Realm. He had learned a lot and knew a little about everything.
 On this day, Li Hao and Zhang an worked together to build the best physical bodies and powerful weapons for these 15 people.
 ……
 And on this day.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Silver Moon, in an ancient city.
 Someone said,"there's news from shuiyun. The clone they sent out earlier has been killed by Li Hao. Li Hao has forced everyone to retreat, but he hasn't counterattacked with all his might. Is it because he can't counterattack and is fighting everyone at the same time, or is he doing this on purpose?"
 "The Li Dynasty King has returned to the Li Dynasty and is currently hunting down the members of the three major organizations. Ying Hongyue has also sent news through a special channel that he hopes to obtain some support. He has discovered the source of the forbidden Sea in the Li Dynasty, and it is said that there are huge fluctuations there. Or should we let the king of Dali come back ..."

 "Also, in the great wilderness ... The desolate beasts are invading and devouring the energy of the heavens and earth. Now, there's a choice ... To deal with the great wilderness with all our might and kill those desolate beasts. Not only will we obtain the approval of heaven's will, we can even start a second revival ..."
 "In addition, the West also wants us to help them fight back against Li Hao! The West isn't weak, and they can even manage to forcibly revive a Saint-level deity ... Of course, the price is whether the four sides can come to an agreement and attack Li Hao's group together. They can stop one side, but they can't stop all four. "
 "Also, there's been some movement from Silver Moon today. Li Hao's master, Yuan Shuo, is personally leading a team to visit various parties. He hopes that the Hong, Zheng, and Liu families can negotiate and sign some basic agreements to express their attitude ... Should we continue to lie low, or ... Should we show up and talk to them to appease them?"
 Questions were thrown out one after another.
 ? At this moment, in the center of the hall, the man who had been silent all this time waited for a while before saying,""The first thing is to get the four sides to join forces. Quickly send people to contact the four sides! Second, send someone to help Ying Hongyue. If they can break the forbidden Sea, it will be extremely beneficial for the recovery of the world ... However, they can't get into a conflict with the Li Dynasty King. They must be careful!"
 "Third, the four countries will send more people to assist in the battle, but be careful not to be surrounded and killed by them. These emperors are not good people. I suspect that the Li Dynasty might have also participated in the help of the avatars!"
 "Fourth, against great desolation, we have to make two preparations! First, help them invade, and second ... Destroy the great wastelands!"
 "It's just that the desolate beasts of the great wilderness aren't weak in the chaos," the man said softly."They even ... Have the battle power of a Saint! On the side of the vast wilderness, we should prioritize cooperation, but we must also be prepared to attack. The intelligence of the desolate beasts is not high. If we can secretly mobilize our troops and use the Army to surround and kill the desolate beasts, we might be able to do so!"
 "Fifth, Yuan Shuo ... Can be contacted! We can express our attitude and sign an agreement, but Li Hao needs this agreement to clarify our specific identities ... And we can't let him be satisfied!"
  "Sixth, once the four sides come to a simple agreement ... The Silver Moon will quickly launch a full-scale attack! Li Hao needs time, and so do we. We can't give him time!"
 "Seventh ... Continue to investigate the bases of the Crimson Moon world. Ying Hongyue might know something. They've been keeping a low profile recently. No one even noticed them. Be careful. They might ... Attack the moon goddesses of the West. The moon goddesses died many years ago. I only found out that the Queen of the West is actually the second moon goddesses!"
 The moon goddess of the west!
 As soon as he said that, someone said,""Can the moon goddesses really control the moon in the sky?"
 "Sure!"
 The man nodded."Back then, the first moon Goddess was personally killed by the sword God because she was the key to the Silver Moon's control. We thought that she couldn't be resurrected since it was a venerable sovereign who did it, but in the end ... She was still resurrected. If Li Hao didn't intervene and force her to use the power of the Silver Moon, we wouldn't have known that the Queen was actually the resurrected moon god!"
 "Then we'll have to be careful. Perhaps the people of the Crimson Moon world are now watching this ..."
 "Right!"
 The man nodded."They seem to have disappeared from the world recently, but they definitely won't be willing to go into hiding. The moon goddess is one of them. The second key is probably Ying Hongyue. Ying Hongyue is running around now. She had a deep cooperation with them before, but she's been contacting us again recently. There might be some problems."
 "Understood!"  The crowd below all nodded.
 "My Lord, without the help of the Crimson Moon world, our manpower ... Will be stretched thin!" Someone said awkwardly.
 The man was silent for a moment before he said,"haven't the other main cities also appeared recently?" Think of a way to contact the people who have been hiding and see if they can help. Of course, everything is still hidden!"
 "Understood!"
 "My Lord," someone said."Then ... Heaven battling city ... Is too close to Li Hao. Should we activate the people there?"
 The man thought for a moment and shook his head,"not for now. It's too dangerous!" Heaven battling city and Li Hao are in close contact. If we're not careful, we'll be completely exposed. Let's wait first before making any plans!"
 "Understood!"
 Everyone quickly began to make arrangements.
  After everyone left, the man thought for a while and suddenly sighed. A shadow walked out of his body and soon turned into a person, muttering,""Maybe ... I should go out and take a look myself!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, a shadow flashed and he quickly appeared at the exit.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The next moment, he walked out of the ancient city and appeared in the outside world.
 At this moment, the heaven and earth trembled slightly, as if they had sensed something. The mysterious man raised his head to look at the sky, feeling somewhat sentimental. After a long time, he flew in the direction of the Silver City. It had been too many years since he had come out to see.
 Where is Li Hao now?
 Perhaps, she could get to know Li Hao better if she met him in person.
 It wasn't just Li Hao. The one sealed in the silver Blizzard city was also there. It was said that Zhang an had also revived. He wondered if he would be able to meet this person.
 Many thoughts appeared in the man's mind.
 He then sensed the strength of the world and judged that at the current speed, even if it didn't recover a second time, undying would be able to walk out soon.

 ……
 At this moment, in Heavenly Star Town.
 Thunder and lightning struck!
 The bright star sector seemed to have appeared in Heavenly Star Town.
 The great Dao of origins pierced through heaven and earth and entered the bright star sector. As for Zhang an, he seemed to have seen something and looked at Li Hao solemnly.
 This man ... Was sorting out the great Dao of the universe?
 He saw the division of some areas!
 Although he could not see it very clearly, this time, Li Hao's forging of his physical body and opening of the passage were much faster and easier than before.
 Perhaps ... It was true!
 What great ambition!
  Did Li Hao really want to control the bright star myriad DAOs?
 Li Hao also looked in that direction. Seeing Zhang an looking at him, he smiled shyly. Zhang an was stunned. That smile ... Really made one speechless.
 At this moment, the 15 powerhouses roared in unison!
 In the next moment, one aperture after another was opened and quickly lit up!
 These people were only equipped with the basic 36 Dao meridians.
 In addition, apart from one divine power, they also had 38 Dao meridians in total.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com To these experts who had been golden bodies or even immortal golden bodies in the past, opening their physical Dao meridians was too easy. In the blink of an eye, one expert after another opened their physical Dao meridians.
 Then, they started to have attribute-less Dao meridians.
 A large amount of energy was being absorbed by them.
 There were even a few women among them. At this moment, Li Hao looked at one of them, and before he could look, he heard a soft shout,""Governor, you're too self-respecting!"
 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless. He was the one who created this body.
 'They're all made from the energy of my flesh and blood. In my eyes, they're all bloody things. No matter how beautiful they are, they're not natural. Why should I respect myself?'
 If you have such thoughts, I'll make a bunch of them anytime!
 Li Hao was speechless. He said softly,"cultivate well and don't think too much about it. Also ... Jiang Yingli, your body is not very coordinated. It might be different from the body you used to have. Is there a problem ..."
 On the other side, another student suddenly chuckled in a low voice,""You've lost at least a third of your weight. Of course, it doesn't fit!"
 "Bullshit!"
 "Jiang Yingli, it's not like we don't remember the past. If we don't remember, you can pretend. Your Jiang family ... Who isn't fat?"
 "Bastard, wait for me to recover my battle strength. I'll smash you to death with my hammer!"
 "You see, the Jiang family is violent. The woman even uses a hammer ..."
 “……”
 On the side, Li Hao suddenly laughed. These guys seemed to be much more active after their physical bodies recovered.
  Other than Jiang Yingli, Li Hao also knew the names of the other students who had been resurrected. However, he was a little confused. Li shengzhang, who had come out with Jiang Yingli last time, had not participated in the resuscitation this time.  Could it be ... That he had chosen the neo martial body?
 Li Hao thought, but he didn't ask.
 Everyone had their own choices.
 Perhaps, he should wait for the next opportunity?
 Or, was he unwilling to be resuscitated?
 Who knows!
 At this moment, he saw that these people had all enlightened their apertures very quickly. The descendants of the venerable sovereigns had obviously enlightened their apertures faster than the other Regiment commanders. Among them, the seventh Regiment commander also had the surname Jiang and seemed to be from the side branch of the Jiang clan ... However, Jiang Yingli and the other party did not seem to know each other.
 The seventh leader had thick eyebrows and big eyes, but at this moment, he also seemed to be extremely low-key.
 The group leaders 'aperture opening speed was clearly slower.
 Li Hao frowned slightly and thought for a moment. Suddenly, divine runes fell into the bodies of the regiment commanders and he said,""You're a little slow in opening your apertures, but it should be faster if you use my divine runes to draw in the power of the bright star realm!"
 "Why don't we have any?" Jiang Yingli was a little unhappy.
 "Your talent is too good, and you guys were so powerful back then. Sooner or later, you will reach the limits of the heavens and earth. It's no longer a matter of concern. Also, you have divine weapons to stabilize your foundation. They don't have them."
 Alright, Jiang Yingli did not say anything else.
 That was the truth.
 In just a few hours, they had all enlightened 180 apertures and had reached the peak of the universe master level. If they counted their physical body Dao meridians and divine power Dao meridians, they had all reached the mountain sea level.
 However, the group leaders only had a little over 100 apertures opened, and the difference was immediately revealed.
 This made Li Hao feel helpless.
 As expected, even if they had to start from the beginning, it was still faster for the strong to become stronger. Fortunately, the regiment commanders had been training in the Army for many years and were not arrogant. They slowly improved and would catch up sooner or later.
 This was perhaps the greatest benefit of joining the army. He was extremely calm and would not be depressed by a momentary defeat.
 Finally, he looked at one person.
 That director Qi!
  This one was the interesting one.
 He hadn't been enlightened. While others were running through the bright star sector and cultivating crazily, this person hadn't opened his aperture acupoints. He didn't know what he was doing.
 When the passage to the bright star sector stabilized and the others 'rapid progress was over, he looked at Li Hao unhurriedly and said,""Governor, can you do me a small favor?"
 "Director Qi, just tell me."
 Director Qi seemed to have the air of a celestial being. His new physical body looked like an old man. Perhaps this was the only way to let people feel his wisdom?
 Who knows!
 Director Qi smiled warmly and said,""I've been studying the neo martial Dao for a while recently. I realized that there are more attribute-less Dao meridians than this. There are a lot of them, and the 36 Dao meridians that I've chosen are just one of the cycles ..."
 Li Hao nodded. That was indeed the case.
 However, they had not even opened all 36 meridians yet, so they were not interested in studying more.
 "And I realized that the path of magical powers with attributes are all magical powers, while those without attributes ... Are not," director Qi continued.

 Nonsense!
 Otherwise, how could it be called a Divine Art Dao Meridian?
 "But I also discovered that ... Attribute-less Dao meridians actually have divine powers."
 Li Hao was stunned and looked at him. Director Qi said,""Governor, please open a few more Dao meridians for me ..."
 After saying that, he pointed to some parts of his body.
 Li Hao pondered for a moment. Then, he extracted a large amount of energy again and began to shape his Dao Meridian.
 Soon, another pile of Dao meridians was formed.
 At that moment, director Qi began to cultivate. He had more than 100 Dao meridians in his body.
 It was much more energy than the others.
  However, this person did not open his meridians like the others. Instead, he followed his own sequence and opened his acupuncture points one by one. In the blink of an eye, he had lit up 72 acupuncture points, but it was not in the previous order.
 Instead, it was a new order. Each of the 72 Dao meridians had an aperture opened.
 Soon, a weapon appeared in his hand. He smiled and said,""Governor, what weapon is this?"
 "This ... Gun?"
 "No, this is a brush!"
 Director Qi laughed and reached out his hand. With a crack, a huge piece of divine power Stone was shattered." 72 apertures is only the peak of over 100. It's not a divine power Martial Master, but ... 72 apertures can actually be combined into a divine power. This is called ... Brush Dao divine power?"
 He laughed."I was just making do with it. I didn't expect it to be so powerful. However, I still need to make some adjustments. Therefore, attribute-less Dao meridians are actually divine powers. For example, weapon divine powers ... Just combine them! It could be combined into a saber, a sword, a spear ... Anything in the world could be combined! Different combinations of Dao meridians will result in different divine powers. They are not limited to one element divine power!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat, as if he had opened something.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He continued," 360 meridians. Actually, the governor saw it last time. It looks like a sword!" If that's the case, does it mean that the 360 attribute-less Dao meridians will form a powerful sword Dao in the end?"
 "As for sword Dao ... Can it be divided into various sword Dao? 360 Dao meridians might be the most comprehensive sword Dao, but can 36 attribute-less Dao meridians be turned into simple sword Dao?"
 Li Hao was suddenly enlightened. He suddenly thought of something and looked at the man with a strange expression.
 Right!
 How could he have forgotten that his 360 Dao meridians had been used to form a sword?
 The sword Dao ... Was it an elemental sacred art?  It wasn 't!
 Sword Dao, attribute-less!
 The Dao of the sword ... Could also have divine abilities!
 Director Qi did not beat around the bush and smiled, "I'll study it again ... The Dao body of the new human being is really interesting, very interesting, it's simply ... Incredible! Governor, don't just focus on attribute-based divine abilities. Those without attributes are actually ... The treasures!"
 Li Hao nodded and took a deep breath."I also said that there are only so many attribute-type divine abilities. Aren't there too few DAOs in the world?" But today ... I suddenly realized that I was too narrow-minded! Everything could be the Dao, and everything could be the divine power! As long as the combination was successful, all eighteen weapons would be divine powers! A stone, a drop of water, they were all divine powers! So ... This is the true Dao ... To think that I've learned Yuan Ping's Chronicles. I was wrong, thank you for your reminder, director Qi!"
 He was only thinking about metal, wood, water, fire, earth, light, darkness, wind, and Thunder, but he had forgotten that everything could be magical powers!
 At this moment, he suddenly laughed,"I see!" I understand now ... That means I can create other Holy prose. 36 veins can form one Holy prose, 72 veins might be able to, 73 veins can be reorganized, more and less can be formed into new god art, new Holy prose ..."
 Li Hao laughed heartily,"I see!" Thank you for your explanation, senior!"
 Director Qi laughed."I just followed your path and discovered it. You guys have already discovered that 360 Dao meridians are a sword ... It's just a pity that I can't manifest 360 Dao meridians yet. Otherwise, I would also like to see how powerful the sword Dao divine power is with 360 Dao meridians and 3600 opened apertures!"
 Even Li Hao was looking forward to it.
 He had been so busy that he had forgotten about this. 360 Dao meridians were a sword. Perhaps ... It was the strongest sword Dao in the world?
 However, the old man in front of him had casually combined 72 Dao meridians and actually condensed a brush. Didn't that mean that after opening 720 apertures, he could really condense a brush and display his brush Dao divine power?
  How interesting!
 It was so interesting that Li Hao wanted to see if he could create a dog with dog Dao techniques!
 This time, he suddenly understood many things. Sometimes, what he lacked was just this sudden inspiration.
 ? Also, did Black Panther activate the demonic race's Dao Meridian?
 If it doesn't ... I'll just make some for it. How about making a dog Dao magical power?
 At this moment, Li Hao was full of anticipation.
 It was a pity that he couldn't continue to cultivate. He had to get back to business.
 Otherwise, he really wanted to pull the Black Panther out and test it on its body. It would be very interesting to open a dog-shaped Dao Meridian and combine it!
 He turned his head and looked into the depths of the mine vein. If the Black Panther was not discovered, he would just pull it out later. He would create it for him, so why did he have to keep on cultivating in seclusion?

 15 great beings had recovered their physical bodies. Although their combat strength did not reach a high level in a day, it was only a matter of time before they became stronger.
 In fact, Li Hao didn't care too much about how strong he was.
 It was a good start.
 The problem of integration.
 The separation between neo martial and silver Moon had caused a huge difference in opinion between the two sides. For the rulers of the new era, whether or not neo martial was hostile, it was a huge threat.
 Or, like Jiusi and the others, they would choose to rely on neo martial arts.
 Or, like the gods, they were completely enemies with neo martial.
 It was actually extremely difficult for a third party like Li Hao to integrate a part of it.
 That was because they had experienced an incomparably glorious era. It was very difficult for them to take a fancy to you. No matter how good your performance was, in their eyes, you were not as good as the human King of the past.
 This was where the problem lay.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Therefore, even today, there were actually very few neo martial artists who truly wanted to join Li Hao's side. Even if there were, they were only marginal figures like the Imperial Guards and the Redwoods in the past. They weren't even considered a member of the human race in the past.
 But today, the descendants of venerable sovereigns had chosen to stand out. In fact, this was a new experience for Li Hao.
 He would complete a weak fusion of the two eras.
 Even if ... They were only forced to do so, Li Hao didn't care too much about it.
 It didn't matter if he was sincere or not.
 ……
 These experts were not all Li Hao had.
 The key was that he had a new understanding of the bright star great Dao.
 Attribute-less Dao meridians were also divine powers.
 It was even a combination-type sacred art.
 It was more powerful than an individual divine power Dao Meridian, which gave Li Hao a deeper understanding of the cultivation of the great Dao.
 Since director Qi could combine 72 Dao meridians into one divine power ...
 'Can't the 36 Dao meridians do it?'
 Also, the 36 Dao meridians he had now were only one-tenth of the 360 Dao meridians he had discovered back then. It was just the most basic cycle and not just this cycle.
 If he were to choose the other 36 Dao meridians, could they also be converted into attribute-less combined divine power?
 Also, although his own battle prowess might be the limit and ceiling of heaven and earth ... What if he didn't open up his Dao meridians and penetrate the bright star sector?
 One Dao Meridian was divided into 10 acupuncture points.
 36,360 chakra points. If I open 9 chakra points in each Meridian and leave the last 36 unopened, will I be able to open the limit to 36 meridians? Or was it just a pure zero Dao Meridian?
 Some of his previous thoughts had been corrected by Li Hao.
  He searched for the path ahead.  A path that no one had walked before.
 There were enemies and opponents everywhere. The restrictions of heaven and earth, the seal of the Stargate, the siege of four countries, the three major organizations hiding in the dark, and ancient cities everywhere ...
 Li Hao felt like he was walking on thin ice.
 He knew that if he took a wrong step, he might be in danger of being destroyed. It was not just him, but also the others, those who followed him, those who trusted him.
 In this era, he had already left everyone else in his generation behind.
 However, it was also because of this that he felt even more pressure.
 In the past, his teachers had held up the sky for him. But now, it was Li Hao who held up the sky for them. He needed to lead them to find a safe path in the darkness.
 To welcome the path of light!
 And now, he was the hope of everyone. The path ahead of them was dark and unclear. Only if he, the leader, took the right path would the people behind him not take the wrong path.
 Li Hao walked out of Heavenly Star Town.
 In his heart, he was still thinking.
 He was slowly exploring every step. Be it fickleness or cowardice, he knew that he couldn't do as he pleased. He had to consider everyone's future.
 Some neo martial artists said in private that they were not as domineering as the ancient king ... Li Hao had heard of it before, but he didn't care.
 Because he didn't know what that era was like.
 He only knew that in this era, he had already become everyone's Harbor. He could not make any mistakes, not even a single step ... Could be wrong.
 He walked out.
 Everyone was waiting for him.
 Everyone was surprised to see the dozen or so powerhouses who had come out with him. They were not surprised that these people had recovered, but that they had followed him out.
  Li Hao didn't say much. He simply said,""Commanders, the heaven battling Army is now following the holy sword to the East to block the entrance and exit of the great wilderness. You will follow commander Yu for the time being and get to know each other better."
 "Jiang Yingli," he said, looking at the students."You guys haven't graduated yet. You might not have enough social experience ... Relatively speaking, you don't know much about this era."
 He looked around and looked at one person."You guys follow director Hong first. For the time being, you will follow director Hong's arrangements."
 The few of them looked at each other and did not say anything.
 Hong Yitang and Huang Yu were having a headache.
 They felt that ... This was not a good mission.
 "Director Qi ... If you're not too busy, you can go with Yuming. He's gathered some of the culture and researchers of our era, even though they're all busy with the sky screen now."
 Director Qi laughed,"the sky screen is too simple ... Didn't you want to take down the communication base station?" You don't know much about the communication base station, including Wang Ye, so you might need my help. "
 Li Hao's heart moved.
 That's right, this time, what he wanted to do the most was to take down the communication base, complete the communication block of the other forces, and control the entire communication system.

 From what director Qi said, it seemed like he was also very familiar with this?
 "Director Qi ... You're also researching the communication system?"
 "The Research Institute does research on everything."
 He looked at Li Hao and said,"the Research Institute has eight departments. Have you forgotten, commander?" Among them was the void signal transmission Department. This direction was mainly used to study the problem of signal transmission in the universe. This isn't within the world, but a cross-regional signal transmission between worlds. Back then, we had some results and could actually contact the main world through some void signal bases ..."
 Li Hao nodded. He remembered.
 The Research Institute did have such a Department.
 "Then, for director Qi, the signal transmission and shielding inside the Silvermoon world are small problems?"
 "That's not necessary. "
 Director Qi was very humble,"at least ... We can't restrict powerhouses from transmitting their voices to each other!" "Of course, there are still some restrictions. For example, creating specific fluctuations and blocking the transmission of fluctuations that only allow special frequencies ..."
 Li Hao didn't quite understand.
  "In other words, we can adjust the frequency and block off the transmission of any other frequency other than the one we allow ..." Director Qi could only say."In other words, we can cut off the enemy's signal transmission."
 "If all nine base stations are activated, there will be such an ability," he added.
 "But ..."
 Everyone was stunned when they heard that, but when they heard him say that, they became a little nervous.
 Director Qi sighed."However, the nine major signal bases are a very important Department. Therefore ... They need the authority to activate them. We don't have the authority to do so."
 Everyone was greatly disappointed!
 "But ..." Director Qi continued.
 “……”
 Everyone's ears perked up again."Governor li is the successor of the sword venerable. He has the starry sky sword. The starry sky sword represents a great deal of authority. Others don't have the authority to activate it, but you can!"
 "......Hu!"
 The group heaved a sigh of relief. That was good.
 Li Hao didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
 This person ... Is doing this on purpose, right?
 Was he deliberately keeping everyone in suspense?
 He said it in a surprised manner.
 Could the starry sky sword control the nine base stations?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In fact, one of the nine base stations had already fallen into Li Hao's hands. It was the relic of the Redwood base, which was one of The Guardian plants of one of the nine base stations.
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't say much. He just said,""Everyone here is someone I trust, so I won't say anything else. Since we've just finished our war with Scandinavia and have a buffer period with the other three forces, let's take down the nine bases first!"
  "For them, we might discuss strategies, rope in powerhouses, or think of countermeasures in the next few days. We'll take advantage of the time difference and take down the nine base stations in the process. We might get some unexpected gains."  "Time is tight. There are still eight more. We'll only need three days at most to take them down!"
 In three days, they had taken down eight ruins.
 At least two to three families a day. They still had to find a place, fight, deal with the aftermath, and maybe even heal their injuries and reduce the number of people ...
 Redwood was an existence at the peak of immortal realm.
 Moreover, the recovery of the world back then wasn't as powerful as it was now. Therefore, the existence in the ruins might be stronger.
 "Three days later ... The Dali King might return, and teacher and the others might be able to discover the other ancient cities ... And three days is enough for some people to come back to their senses."
 Li Hao took a deep breath."We are racing against time!" He said.
 Everyone nodded heavily.
 Li Hao looked around."The emperor's guards can come out, but senior Sequoia can only come out with his clone. This time, only the emperor's guards, senior Sequoia's clone, and the people from the governor's office will come with me!"
 "As for all monster plant seniors, station them in Heavenly Star Town and quickly convert the spring of life. In addition ... Provide us with a large amount of food."
 After saying that, Li Hao took out the earth-drilling shuttle and said,""There's no time to lose. Let's set off now. "
 This time, he didn't bring any ancient experts.
 The clones of the Imperial Guards and the Redwood did not count.
 If he really had to bring them, it would be better to bring the clones of general Huai and the others. However, Li Hao hoped that he could kill or subdue a peak immortal realm expert without relying on the other party.
 This was also a test before a great battle.
 ……
 The earth drilling shuttle rapidly shuttled through.
  This time, there were much fewer people on the ship.
 The Redwood clone was searching for something and was a little nervous. As one of the base station guards, it was the only one that could find the other eight base stations.
 Right now, the pressure on the Redwood tree was great.
 As a monster plant, it could not reconstruct its body like the neo martial artists. Li Hao could not do the same as well. He did not even know if the monster plant Dao Meridian existed.
 He couldn't reconstruct his body, and his true body couldn't appear.
 The combat strength of the clone did not seem to be too important.
 As a result, as a monster plant that had sought refuge with Li Hao in the early days, it was actually very introverted.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, wasn't in a hurry. He was talking to a few experts.
 "Uncle-master Tian Jian, I have some insights today. When we were opening the Dao meridians, didn't we say that everyone should have their own research direction? The previous 36 attribute-less Dao meridians were only the most average of the 36 basic Dao meridians ... However, attribute-less Dao meridians can also form divine powers. "
 Li Hao said. Tian Jian looked at him in confusion. After a long while, he said,"We know. Didn't we see 360 Dao meridians forming a sword?"

 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless.
 Tian Jian was a little confused."However, we're thinking of opening more Dao meridians after we've completed the cultivation of the 36 basic meridians. We'll form our own divine arts and combat skills. We can't bite off more than we can chew now. What do you want to say?"
 “……”
 I don't want to say anything.
 Li Hao was a little depressed. So ... I really forgot about this, and you all still remember?
 He had not completely forgotten about it. He was just thinking that it was too difficult to open 360 meridians. However, he did not think that he might be able to complete the combination of Dao meridians by opening a small circulation.
 Tian Jian and the others knew what he meant.
 "So, what you seniors mean is ... You'll only open your own unique magical power after you've completed the cultivation of 36 meridians?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Yes,"
  Tian Jian nodded." 360 Dao meridians are just the outer form of the sword. I think there might be more Dao meridians. This is an endless path. We also want to see what the result will be when that day comes. It's just that ... Now is not the time. "
 Okay.
 Since everyone knew what they were doing, he didn't say anything more.
 At this moment, Li Hao also had some ideas. His plan was not rigorous enough. All the attribute-less power was gathered in one area, which was not good.
 Perhaps, he should make some distinctions.
 However, up until now, he had yet to complete the collection of attribute-less Sacred Arts.
 For example, swords, Spears, halberds ... These would be formed into a special area in the future.
 The saber Dao was in one region, while the sword Dao was in another ...
 This way, the great path universe would be more orderly.
 As he thought of this, the shadow of the Redwood trembled and suddenly said,""There might be a base station nearby, but because the geographical location is somewhat different from before, I can't make a specific judgment ... However, the base stations all have a special fluctuation. I can sense it, but I don't know if it's here."
 Li Hao walked to the deck, emerged from the ground, and looked around.
 This place was still in the central region.
 However, the Redwood could only sense the general direction, but not the specific location. It would be very difficult to find it this way.
 He wanted to look for some nearby experts to see if there were any ruins. If he found one, he might be able to find a second one.
 Just as he was about to look for it, director Qi said, "I've found the general location. That's enough!"
 "Governor li, don't you have a military armor?" he looked at Li Hao.
 "Yes."
 "Let me see your golden armor."
 Li Hao took out the somewhat damaged golden armor. It was not of much help to Li Hao now, as its defensive power was limited.
  In a few battles, he was almost torn to pieces.  Director Qi received the Golden armor and said,""The armors in the Army rely on the nine base stations to communicate. The nine base stations are the core of all communication systems in the land of the Silver Moon."
 "Every base station is in a specific location and plays a special role. Even after countless years, although it has been sealed, it can still maintain the dissemination of the military armor system!"
 After saying that, an antenna seemed to appear on his armor.
 Even Li Hao himself had never noticed this before.
 Director Qi explained,"this is an emergency transmitter. I'll activate it later, and it'll cause some fluctuations. By following the fluctuations, we should be able to find the nearest base station ... As long as we can confirm the general location, we'll be able to find it."
 Li Hao nodded. With this person's help, the difficulty was much lower.
 Without further delay, director Qi activated the emergency message.
 A unique fluctuation spread out.
 Li Hao silently sensed it. Soon, he looked to his left, and there seemed to be a response from his left.
 "That way!"
 Li Hao's eyes flickered, and the earth drilling shuttle instantly flew over.
 Soon, they stopped above a Lake.
 Hong Mu also heaved a sigh of relief."This is it! I can sense that there are monster plants here that are also absorbing energy ... It seems that there are still monster plants alive here. "
 After saying that, it looked around. Even though the environment had changed a lot, it still made a judgment."This could be the 8th base station, I'm the 7th base station's Guardian, 8th base station ... If I remember correctly, there were a total of 9 monster Plant Guardians here back then, but 8 of them were paragons, one undying ... Now, maybe only that undying survived."
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 After searching and sensing around, the earth drilling shuttle quickly entered the bottom of the water.
 In the depths of the water, a vortex was spinning.
 As soon as Li Hao's group appeared, a faint wave of mental energy spread out. Not only that, but a vague figure even appeared at the bottom of the water. When the figure saw them, he seemed to be a little stunned.
  The next moment, a wave of fluctuation was transmitted.
 Then, he looked at Li Hao and the others."You guys ... Heavenstar ... Li Hao?"
 Li Hao was a little surprised."Senior, it seems that you haven't completely sealed yourself. Have you gone out?"
 "What are you guys doing here?"
 The shadow seemed to be a little nervous, but also a little vigilant.""We'll mind our own business. The outside belongs to you, but the inside ... Doesn't belong to you!"
 "We need a base station!" Li Hao said directly without further ado.
 "What do you mean?"
 "Senior, please return to Heavenly Star Town and gather with the other monster plant seniors ... Leave this place to us."
 "Impossible!"
 Li Hao frowned slightly."Senior, do you think that ... We can't do anything to you?" he thought. The base station is useful to us, and senior Sequoia has already given up base Station No. 7 ..."

 "That has nothing to do with me. You guys retreat immediately!"
 "You're not weak," the mysterious man said angrily."But I'm not afraid of you since I have undying power!"
 “……”
 Li Hao looked at the shadow in confusion.
 In the next moment, he didn't say anything more and slashed out with his sword!
 There was a loud boom!
 The shadow shattered instantly.
 "Enter!"
 Li Hao didn't want to waste any more time. He had to take down the eight base stations as soon as possible.
 The moment the earth-drilling shuttle entered, it was instantly attacked by countless branches.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao slashed with his sword and cut off some branches.
 Very soon, a gigantic tree appeared before him. Its power fluctuated violently, and it said with a hint of anger,""You dare to trespass here ... This is an important place for neo martial arts ..."
 Li Hao was about to say something when Hong Yitang suddenly said,""Look!"
 He pointed in a direction. Li Hao looked in the direction he was pointing and was slightly stunned.
 That place ... Was filled with bones.
 They seemed to be ... Human bones.
 There seemed to be a lot of them beside the roots, and even ... Only the surface. There might be more underground.
 On the side, Sequoia suddenly sighed.""Ming Ling, are you devouring people for cultivation?"
 The big tree was in the shape of a human, a slightly shady middle-aged man. At this moment, he glanced at Li Hao fearfully, then at Sequoia, and said in a low voice,""Heaven and earth have been unable to recover. A few years ago, there wasn't enough energy, so I was about to die ... Moreover, these people broke into this place by themselves. I just absorbed some energy ... Sequoia, it's natural selection. I chose to live on. You guys didn't come for them, did you?"
 Hong Shan wanted to say something but stopped.
 This matter ... Not being discovered was actually not a big deal.
 Even if they were discovered, if they were strong enough, it would not be a problem.
 After all, Hong Mu was very clear that many monster plants couldn't hold on any longer and were about to die. There wasn't enough heaven and earth energy. Some cultivators contained energy. Although it was a drop in the bucket, they could still recover a little if they ate too much.
 Li Hao hadn't encountered anything like this until today.
 In fact, it wasn't that he had never encountered one.
 At that time, many people had barged into heaven battling city. After those people had been killed, they had been swallowed up by heaven battling city. In fact, a part of general Huai's power had also been inside the city. He had swallowed them up to resuscitate himself.
 But ... Heaven battling city only killed intruders.
 But here ... Li Hao didn't believe that the countless white bones were all intruders. How could there be so many people in an unknown ruin? he looked carefully and saw that there were probably more than a thousand skeletons!
 At this moment, director Qi also sighed,"Neo martial arts has a strict order that no monster plant or monster beast is allowed to cultivate by human!"
  At this moment, the shady-looking man frowned.""You're about to die, and you still care about this? Moreover, the neo martial human race used to cultivate with monster plants and monster beasts many years ago. It was just the law of the jungle! I'm stronger than them, and I'm dying. Can't I just absorb some energy to save myself?"  Then, he looked at Li Hao and said,""You're Li Hao ... I know you're strong, but I'm not weak either! I can use my full strength here. I have no intention of going against you. If you want the base station ... I can leave after the second recovery and hand this place over to you!"
 It said it was trying to save itself.
 Without energy, he could only save himself.
 To the monster plant, it was not wrong. Perhaps it was just like how humans killed the monster race. They felt that they were not of the same race and did not have much pity, just like how humans ate meat.
 However, since Li Hao had seen it ... He couldn't just ignore it.
 If these monster plants were willing to cooperate, he would not usually kill them.
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't say much. He said softly,""There's no need to be right or wrong. We each have our own path. I don't approve of your actions ... So ... I can only kill you!"
 At this time, it was difficult to distinguish right from wrong.
 Humans eat demons, demons eat humans, each with their own reasons, all seeking to become stronger, who could say right and wrong?
 "You want to kill me?"
 Although the dark spirits were afraid of Li Hao's side, they were still able to fight back. Since they couldn't negotiate, there was no need to.
 In an instant, a golden body appeared.
 A powerful aura instantly erupted!
 "Kill!"
 Li Hao shouted in a low voice, and the people around him flew out.
 The sky sword and the earth sword struck out, and the sword light flashed instantly, covering the entire area.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was assessing the other party's strength. He didn't make a move, but instead made some comparisons.
 Today's neo martial experts were somewhat weak because they didn't have the support of the great Dao of origin. However, the degree of decline was different.
  The seven divine abilities and the seven levels of the mountain sea realm were comparable to some of the current paragons.
 However, the absolute peak realm had a huge span.
 Li Hao had also been making some comparisons these days.
 From the seventh to the ninth stage of the mountain sea realm, he was only able to match some early Paragon cultivators.
 The first stage of the sun Moon realm was comparable to some middle stage paragons, the second stage of the sun Moon realm was comparable to some late stage paragons, and the third stage was comparable to the peak.
 Only by stepping into the fourth level of the sun Moon realm could he be compared to some of the early stage immortal realm experts.
 As for the fourth stage of the sun Moon realm, he would need to open more than 19 meridians.
 Of course, because the degree of recovery was different, some ancient experts didn't recover to a high degree. Even undying, their battle strength was very weak. This was especially so for peak undying experts like the Redwood, whose recovery was very low.
 At that time, their combat strength was actually much weaker.
 He did not have enough energy.

