fileno%d
e great organizations, especially Ying Hongyue, are my biggest future trouble and also my enemy!"
 Li Hao said coldly,"I want you to force him into a corner!" The three great organizations and clear sky divine mountain have tens of thousands of members ... I want to see their corpses and their heads!"
 Qian Wuliang's face changed. To deal with the three major organizations ...
 This ...
 Li Hao continued,"you're a meticulous person. Ying Hongyue isn't a kind person either. This person is scheming. You have to be careful of him!" If you succeed in this battle, even if you can't take Ying Hongyue's head, I'll still remember your great merit!"
 "If we can take down Ying Hongyue ..."
 Li Hao paused."In that case, in the star dynasty, you can choose any position in the world except for the Star King!"
 "Wuliang wouldn't dare!"
 Qian Wuliang's expression changed and he said in a hurry,""Wuliang will definitely do his best ..."
 "No, definitely! Even if I can't kill Ying Hongyue, Yama, flying sword immortal, and vast sky Mountain's master, I can at least see one of their heads. If I can't see even one ..."
  Li Hao looked at him and didn't continue.
 Qian Wuliang's face changed again and again.
 These four people were definitely inseparable. To be able to kill one person under Ying Hongyue's eyes ... How difficult was this!
 Was Ying Hongyue difficult to deal with?
 Were they harder to deal with than Saints?
 Qian Wuliang knew that it would be even more difficult than becoming a saint. Otherwise, Li Hao would have taken his revenge long ago.
 Even after taking down the ancient city, he did not go to the three major organizations.
 It was obvious that he knew that Ying Hongyue wasn't easy to deal with.
 Of course, Qian Wuliang knew that he had to accept this mission no matter what. When Li Hao asked skysword and BA Dao, he knew that he was in big trouble.
 Fortunately, Li Hao didn't continue.
 Qian Wuliang said quickly,"I understand. If I can't take down these people's heads, I will ... Bring my head to you!"
 "No need."
 Li Hao said softly,"it's fine even if you haven't completed it. You must be careful, especially Ying Hongyue. She might be able to use the power of the Crimson Moon, but you won't be affected too much. That's why I'm looking for you." As for the others, I'm afraid they'll interfere ..."
 "Your subordinate understands!"
 Qian Wuliang responded in a loud voice.
 "Do you need help?" Li Hao asked again.
 "No need!"
 "I can do it alone," Qian Wuliang said immediately."As long as the king of Dali and officiant Jiang Li cooperate ... With the help of the Dali dynasty, you don't need to do anything!"
 Li Hao nodded again."Good. After this, go and collect the supplies and deliver them to King Dali. Pass on my message. If he doesn't listen, tell him that Ying Hongyue is more troublesome than three ancient cities!"
 "Your subordinate understands!"
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 Qian Wuliang was also relieved. Li Hao had been calm from the beginning to the end. He didn't say anything harsh. He even said that Li Hao was capable and that he had entrusted Qian Wuliang with important tasks. He had even entrusted Qian Wuliang with his biggest enemy ...
 However, this trust made Qian Wuliang's hair stand on end.
  At this time, he was extremely afraid.  Fortunately, Li Hao didn't continue. Otherwise, he suspected that he would be in trouble today.
 "From now on, commander Yu will be in charge of the Demon Hunter Army. All the troops will belong to the Demon Hunter Army, and commander Yu will be in charge of the reorganization."
 "Director Zhao, you will be in charge of the administration department. You will have to take care of all the affairs in the world."
 "Director Zhou is in charge of the finance department. Director Zhou will be in charge of the world's finance."
 "Chen Zhongtian will take charge of the inspection Division, speed up the reorganization!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Uncle-master Hong, you will be in charge of promoting martial arts academies and the cultivation of new DAOs, including literacy education. It must be completed as soon as possible. I will consider restoring the Education Department of the ancient times, and perhaps let uncle-master Hong be the Director of Education."
 "City Lord Lin ..."
 Li Hao paused for a moment, then said,""Minister Yao si is in a deep sleep, Minister hou is in a deep sleep, and there is no one in charge of the night patrols. There are many night patrols in the world, and city Lord Lin is in charge of taking over the Heavenly Star military governor's office. He is the head of the five military governors, the Heavenly Star military governor!"
 Lin Hongyu was stunned.
 The Heavenly Star Governor!
 Then ... What about Li Hao himself?
 The others were also slightly shocked. When Li Hao said that director Zhao would be in charge of government affairs, they were curious about what would happen to Lin Hongyu.
 But now ... Lin Hongyu was the governor of heavenstar.
 Based on the previous situation, the others would have to answer to the governor's office.
 "What did I do to deserve this ..." Lin Hongyu hurriedly said.
 "Alright, that's enough!"
 Li Hao said,"just do as I say. As for me ... I'll focus on cultivation. I'll open a path and deal with the ancient experts!" Don't I still have the title of Marquis heavenstar? I'll change my name ... I'll give myself the title of Marchioness Silvermoon, no one will object, right?"
 Marchioness Silvermoon!
 Everyone's heart skipped a beat, but they didn't say anything.
 Silver Moon was one of the provinces under the heavens.
 However, Silver Moon was also a part of the neo martial human race. The name of the entire world, Silver Moon, was this world.
 Marchioness Silvermoon!
  "As for the others, the South fist slumbers, the South Governor ... I'll leave them to uncle-master bei Quan. I hope uncle-master bei Quan can understand my heart."
 "That's right!" Bei Quan's heart trembled slightly as he nodded."We will definitely guard the South and prevent any future trouble!"
 "Senior yang Shan is in a deep sleep ... The governor of the West has been handed over to senior Qin Lian."
 Qin Lian appeared from the darkness with a complicated look in her eyes."Thank you, Governor ... Thank you, Lord Marquis, for your high regard!"
 "The governor of the East, and also the senior Light sword."
 "Governor of the North ..."
 The governor of the North was originally hou Xiaochen.
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at the rest of the people and fell into deep thought.
 The North. Silver Moon was also in the North.
 Without hou Xiaochen, who could take on the position of Northern Governor?

 Finally, he looked at someone out of the corner of his eye and said slowly,""Jade light sword, take up the position of governor of the North!"
 Jade light sword, who had been in a daze the entire time, suddenly raised his head. His eyes were somewhat Dazed and Confused,"what?"
 "I'm Wu Hongjun," Li Hao said in a deep voice."I'll serve as the governor of the North!"
 Wu Hongjun was stunned. She looked around.
 Tian Jian and BA Dao were still around, so how could she be the governor of the North?
 "The North is our hometown," Li Hao said softly."It's also the place where my teacher is most reluctant to leave, and the place where I value the most! I'll leave the North to martial uncle Wu!"
 Wu Hongjun was a little dazed."I ... Don't know anything."
 "It doesn't matter. The four military governors are mainly responsible for suppressing the turmoil in the four directions. It's fine as long as they can kill people!"
 Li Hao said coldly,'just kill one person and roll his head! He would suppress the four continents and kill anyone who did not respect him! Traitors, kill! Those who break the law will be killed! Killing and annihilating was the main theme! This was the responsibility of the four military governors. The inspection Division was in charge of local peace, the military was in charge of suppressing rebellions, the administration department was in charge of replacing officials, and the local peace! The heavenstar Governor is responsible for supervising the world and also for the peace of the central region!"
 Kill!
  Everyone was slightly shocked by his words, but no one refuted him.
 This was also the first time that Li Hao had publicly given an order to kill all those who did not respect him!
 He was even more iron-blooded than before!
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at sky sword and BA Dao and said slowly,""Martial uncle Tian Jian is in charge of suppressing the various divine mountains. Back then, I only killed stupa Mountain Master and the others, but I didn't get rid of them completely! Sky sword and BA Dao were both in charge of eliminating them! Either surrender or kill! Except for the Haotian villa, I want to see the other five sacred mountains surrender ... In addition, kill all the members of the Phoenix sacred mountain, leave no one alive!"
 "Understood!" Tian Jian's heart skipped a beat and he nodded.
 Suppress all the divine mountains in the world!
 Finally, Li Hao looked at someone."Empress Dowager shuiyun ..."
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun had always kept a low profile. At this moment, hearing Li Hao's words, she walked out weakly. "There's no need to call me that, Governor. My real name is Qiao Rong, so you can just call me by my name ..."
 "Qiao Rong ..."
 Li Hao thought for a moment, then smiled and said,"up to you!" Right now, heavenstar is still lacking an important person, an important position. I wonder if Empress Dowager Qiao can lend me a hand?"
 "Commander's orders,"
 "The Navy of the South is strong. I want to suppress the four Seas and destroy the Pirates. The star Navy is weak. I want to appoint Empress Dowager Qiao as the Commander of the Navy of the four Seas ... I wonder if Empress Dowager can accept this?"
 The Marshal of the Navy of the four Seas!
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun's heart moved slightly, and she quickly said,""There's no other way. Soldiers of the water cloud tribe will soon become Heavenly Star soldiers and get used to life on the sea. If they can continue to stay on the water, it'll be more than happy!"
 "That's good!"
 Li Hao laughed."We've taken down borderless city in this battle. There are still 200000 sets of Warframes left in borderless city. These 200000 sets of Warframes ... Will all be given to the watercloud Army. Empress Dowager Qiao is Marshal shuiyun and also the Marshal of the four Seas. There's no need to have too many Warframes. A million is too much. 200000 is enough! What does commander Qiao think about removing the weak ones and letting them build shuiyun province with the peigu battle armor?"
 How could Empress Dowager shuiyun refuse?
  Although she had reduced the number of soldiers and only left her with 200000 soldiers, all of them were wearing armor ... This was more than she could ask for!  "As you command!" She hurriedly said.
 Huang Yu couldn't help but say in a low voice,""Governor ... We have countless soldiers in the Army, but we only have 50000 Warframes ..."
 The Internet Water Army had actually obtained 200000 sets.
 Giving all the armors they had used to take down boundless city to the enemy, wasn't this ... Too much?
 Li Hao laughed,"don't worry, commander Yu. Armor ... Will be available!" You can create it yourself, and you can also ... Rob, trade, kill, and steal!"
 Huang Yu's expression changed and he did not speak again.
 At this point, everyone had been assigned a task.
 Li Hao continued,"in addition, everyone can receive the corresponding divine power ores and the spring of life!" Excavate, excavate, exhaust, exhaust all of the star town's big mine. Be generous to the Army and martial arts students, there's no need to embezzle!"
 "The four military governors each command 100000 troops. They can choose from the local armies, and they will choose the best!"
 "The Army Department, in charge of an Army of 500000!"
 "The star military governor's office has 200000 troops under his direct jurisdiction."
 " 200000 Navy soldiers of the four Seas!"
 "1.3 million troops are enough, I don't need too many!"
 There were tens of millions of armies in the world.
 But now, Li Hao had reduced it to 1.3 million.
 Everyone frowned slightly. Wasn't that too little?
  Li Hao then said,"we can add more people to the inspection Division. There are thousands of cities in the world. Under normal circumstances, the inspection Division can just maintain law and order. As for the inspection Division, we can ask director Wang. Director Wang was the former director of the heaven battling city's security Department. I believe you should be very familiar with this."
 "Director Wang ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Do you mind being an Honorary Secretary of the inspector Bureau?" Li Hao looked at Wang Ye.
 Director Wang was slightly stunned. After a long while, he nodded,""Sure!"
 "Secretary Chen, do you have any objections?" Li Hao smiled and looked at Chen Zhongtian.
 Chen Zhongtian didn't dare to have any objections and hurriedly said,""It's my good fortune to have director Wang's help!"
 There were also some older martial masters and some Super Masters who came later, such as Dao Jian, Hu Qingfeng, and others.
 However, standing at the outermost perimeter, some of these people had also been lost in this battle.
 There were even acquaintances, mu Xiaorong, who used to be from the Department of Internal Affairs.
 Li Hao looked at them and said slowly,"you guys should focus on strengthening yourselves. Stepping into the sun Moon realm is your most important task!"

 The others didn't say much and nodded.
 Li Hao looked around and said,""Also ... Director Qiao, you, Yuming, and the others will be responsible for the laying of the canopy, the maintenance of the base station, and the construction of the train tracks ... These are also very important. I hope that the entire Heavenly Star can be integrated into one soon!"
 Director Qiao, who was at the back, also stepped forward and bowed slightly to show his agreement.
 At this point, on new martial arts 'side, director Wang and director Qiao had their own titles and missions.
 As for Li Hao, he looked around but didn't see anyone. Those people didn't come, but he still announced,""There's one more thing. Liu Yan, Hong Qing, and the other veteran demon hunters will be independent and lead 5000 demon hunters to form the Demon Hunter guards! You'll be in charge of sealing off the ancient city. Apart from wubian, zhantian, and sword city, a Demon Hunter commander will lead a thousand Demon Hunter guards to suppress all the other cities!"
 "Liu Yan, Hong Qing, Mu Lin, Hao lianchuan, and Wang Ming are the 1000-men commanders of the Demon Hunter guards."
 Everyone's hearts stirred again.
 These five people, not to mention Liu Yan, were originally the Vice commander of the Demon Hunter Army and had always followed Liu Long.
 They were also Li Hao's old acquaintances ... Or rather, these five people were all old acquaintances. They had been there when the Demon Hunter Army had only a few dozen people.
 Hong Qing was Hong Yitang's daughter, and Mu Lin was originally hou Xiaochen's assistant in the Wei Wu Army. After golden spear left, Mu Lin became the commander of the Wei Wu Army, which was originally a thousand strong.
  Hao lianchuan was also hou Xiaochen's assistant. However, his current combat strength was not up to par, and he had been running around with the Demon Hunter Army.
 It was the same for Wang Ming, who actually had another identity: Li Hao's junior Brother and Yuan Shuo's in-name disciple.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Suppress the ancient city!
 This mission wasn't easy and had a high requirement for strength. Even if it was just a clone, it would still require the sun and moon to suppress it.
 However, all of them were currently at the mountain sea realm, and not even at the seventh level.
 This ... How could he suppress the ancient city?
 The others didn't dare to say anything, but director Zhao frowned and said,""Governor, it's a good thing. But to suppress the ancient city and not allow the ancient city's experts to enter and leave, the demand for combat strength is extremely high! Neo martial artists were proud and arrogant. In this case ... There might be a battle! Even if it's just a clone, under the current circumstances, a clone can still have the power of the sun and moon. "
 These five people were too weak.
 "It's fine, I'll think of a way!"Li Hao said with a smile.
 "They've all entered the mountain sea and opened their physical Dao meridians, so they're actually not too weak. Their physical bodies can still withstand the force of opening some Dao meridians. The key is that among these few, Liu Yan, Hong Qing, and Mu Lin have all grasped force. Although Wang Ming and Hao lianchuan haven't grasped force, it's not difficult for them ..."
 "My master is in a deep sleep, and the five-element Dao meridians of the others are almost extinct. In that case ... I want them to control the five-element divine text and the five-element Dao meridians. With the help of the divine Kingdom, we killed a few five-element elemental gods ..."
 As soon as he said that, everyone understood.
 At this moment, they didn't speak anymore.
  He would let these few people control the five elements.  There were exactly five people ...
 Hou Xiaochen and Yuan Shuo's deaths had probably given Li Hao a lot of ideas. Liu Long had followed them, which made Li Hao feel that these people who had followed him step by step needed to improve. At this moment, he didn't care about people saying that he was abusing his power for personal gain.
 This was exactly what he wanted to do!
 Even the physical body of the five-element God, the five-element divine script, and the five-element Dao Meridian would be given to these people.
 It was compensation, but also the fear in his heart.
 Fear ... Would all these people die with him?
 From the name, it could be seen that this was a combination of a demon hunt squad and the Wei Wu Army. Perhaps ... Li Hao wanted to create his own internal guards.
 Just like the ancient King's fiend guard Army, they were all direct descendants.
 Li Hao didn't care about this at first. He treated everyone equally, including those who joined later. But today, Li Hao seemed to have changed.
 No one knew if this change was good or bad.
 At this moment, no one else spoke. Lin Hongyu looked left and right, and seeing that no one spoke, she had no choice but to step out and say,""Governor, then ... In the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town, there are still many new martial artists, including some soldiers from the Heavenly Star Army and some students from Yuanping martial arts university ... These people ... And many monster plants ... This ... How should we arrange it?"
 The moment she said that, director Wang looked at her.
  Li Hao said,"the Heavenly Star Army ... Still has a few captains alive. Let them move to heaven battling city first!" "I will revive the students of Yuan Ping martial Sciences University one by one. This is what I promised director Zhang! I'll also revive the 10000 people who came out from the heaven battling Army one by one ... The ruins of Heavenly Star Town will be used as a planting base after the mine vein is excavated. The Imperial Guards will command all the monster plants and form the Imperial Guards!"
 Outside the hall, the Emperor guard swayed his body to show his acceptance.
 "Are we still going to revive the students of Yuanping martial arts university?" sky sword frowned.
 "Yes."
 "But ..."
 "I promised!"
 Li Hao said,"since you've promised, then do it!" Besides ... Don't forget that Jiang Ying and the others paid a huge price to stop the city Lord seal from descending. No matter what, we have to do something!"
 As soon as this was said, although some people were still indignant, they did not say anything.
 This time, Zhang an's absence made them very angry.
 Even though Li Hao did not ask for help, Zhang an definitely knew everything. Jiang Ying and Li Fei had participated in the meeting. Director Wang had also participated. It was impossible for Zhang an not to know.

 But the other party's future!
 Everyone knew that it was up to him whether he came or not. However, if Zhang an came, he could take care of a Saint with his power as a Saint. There would not be so many deaths in this battle.
 Whether they were angry or resentful, at this moment, they were all full of hostility towards Zhang an.
 Many people weren't happy to hear Li Hao say that he wanted to resurrect them.
 However, at this moment, no one came out to say anything.
 Northern fist thought that if Southern Fist was still around, perhaps ... He would have jumped out and cursed long ago. Without Southern Fist, very few people would refute or ask questions when Li Hao started a meeting.
 He also thought that if Southern Fist was here, he would probably jump out and scold him, and Li Hao wouldn't be able to do anything about it.
 As for those who were still alive, Hong Yitang had a close relationship with Li Hao.
 However, Hong Yitang wasn't a talkative person.
 He was used to being silent.
  While he was thinking, Li Hao smiled and said,"alright, that's all. You may leave!" I've already made arrangements, so I won't care too much. Everyone should have gained something from this battle. I hope ... That I'll be able to see you all in the bright star sector soon, instead of me bringing you in!"
 "I have to cultivate too, so I don't have much time to care about everyone else. Everyone is a senior, so I don't need to care too much."
 "Don't worry, Governor ..."Lin Hongyu spoke again.
 "Don't call me Governor, you are ... In the future, you can call me Marchioness Silvermoon or Li Hao ... Just do whatever you want!"
 ,m Lin Hongyu did not dare to call him by his name and immediately changed her words."Lord Marquis, be at ease!"  Li Hao laughed."The Marquis has always wanted to be the Marchioness of Silver Moon. Now that I've snatched it away, I wonder if he'll be sad."  No one answered.
 Li Hao was a little bored. He waved his hand and said,""Go do your own things. The world is not under me, Li Hao's rule ... Everyone, be more attentive."
 The others didn't say anything. Knowing that Li Hao didn't want to say anything more, they could only leave.
 The huge Hall was soon empty.
 Li Hao was the only one sitting in the hall.
 He let out a breath. Everything was developing in a good direction. The people who stayed were just enough to take over all kinds of Affairs. There were people in charge of politics, military, finance, and martial arts. He suddenly felt that things were going much smoother than before.
 But why ... Did she feel empty in her heart?
 It used to be a mess.
 Now, everyone had their own duties, and the positions could be arranged.
 "You guys ... Have you calculated how many people I want to keep?"
 Li Hao mumbled to himself. Suddenly, he kicked the table in front of him and angrily cursed,""Do I need you to make arrangements for me?"
 With a bang, the table shattered.
 "The great wilderness, God nation, neo martial, traitor, Red Moon, three major organizations ..."
 Li Hao's eyes grew colder. After a long time, he gritted his teeth. "Don't even think about having an easy time!"
 If the king of Dali and Empress Dowager shuiyun had not come, these two would not have had an easy time either.
 He turned his head and looked in the direction of the Silver City. Red Moon Emperor might have been unsealed a little.
 In the land of the Silver Moon, how many people had been contaminated by the power of the Crimson Moon?
 But he did not go back.
 Instead, he waited in silence. Given time, that person didn't break the seal. If the seal was really broken, a venerable sovereign wouldn't be so quiet and fearless. He would have turned the world upside down.
 It was fine as long as the seal wasn't broken!
 In this way, the enemy would only infect a few people, and the Demon Hunters there would be the first choice ... Li Hao deliberately waited for the enemy to infect him. The more the better. He could also strengthen his Demon Hunter Army.
 He didn't go back for a long time because he was worried that the guy would notice something and not want to waste the Crimson Moon's power.
 "It's been a day, that should be enough time ..."
  Li Hao calculated for a moment. One day was enough to infect some weak people.  He wondered if the other party would notice anything if they destroyed the Crimson Moon's power together.
 In an instant, Li Hao disappeared.
 At this moment, he didn't need to care about anyone or bring anyone along. It was enough for him to travel alone.
 ……
 Silver City.
 The eight trigrams in the sky was a little dim, and a red power shrouded the entire Silver City without anyone seeing it.
 The Silver City still had millions of soldiers here.
 And in this place, the Demon Hunter Army was the strongest.
 At this moment, no one had noticed anything, but they were a little anxious. The Army was also in a commotion, because the opposite li Army seemed to be retreating. However, without any powerful cultivators or a commander giving the order, they didn't know if they should stop them.
 Last night, there was a rain of blood, which made everyone feel uneasy.
 There was actually not a single expert in charge of the Army of millions. Only a few weaklings, such as Liu Yan, Hu dingfang, and Mu Lin, managed it. There were also a few heaven battling Legion commanders present, which prevented the Army from falling into chaos.
 At this moment, a figure appeared. Li Hao instantly appeared. He looked at the crowd and said,""Liu Yan, Hong Qing ... You two select five thousand elites, as well as all the members of the demon hunt squads and the Wei Wu Army. Then, you two select a few powerhouses from the Army to form the demon hunt squad Wei Wu Army. One day later, you two will lead your troops to see me at white moon City!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As soon as these words came out, the few of them were stunned.
 Why did you form the Demon Hunter Guards Army independently?
 Liu Yan's heart felt empty. She nodded and asked,""Where's boss Liu?"
 "He was busy with other important things!"
 Liu Yan looked at him in a daze. He was busy with other things?
 Although Liu Long's strength had increased by a lot, what matter would require him to do it in secret?
 "When ... When will he be back?"
 Li Hao smiled."Soon ... Alright, this is a military secret. We're old friends, so I'm just going to say a few words. Don't ask too much. Your level is too low! I'll call you for a meeting only when you've entered the sun Moon Kingdom and become a military commander ... Everyone's progress is so slow!"
 Liu Yan forced a smile and didn't ask further.
 "That's it ... Hurry up, we'll meet at the Wei Wu army base in Whitemoon city one day!"
 At this moment, Hu dingfang could not help but say,""Then the Li Army on the other side ..."
 "Don't worry about them. We've been training our troops for some time. A few battles will be enough. The king of Dali will take them back to Dali. "
 Hu dingfang did not say anything more.
 Li Hao continued,"control the Army and don't mess it up. Even if the Li Dynasty retreats, we won't be retreating for a while. Later, the four military governors, the Heavenly Star military governor, and even the inspection Office will come and select some people to fill the various armies! As for the weaker ones, after they are eliminated, make sure to settle them in ... Someone will take care of this!"
 Everyone was stunned. Disarmament?
 This ... Why?
  However, he didn't ask too much, so he could only nod.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, quickly disappeared.
 The next moment, he appeared above the Silver City and below the eight trigrams. He looked inside and saw that the red line representing the Li family had become much weaker.
 A red power was seeping into the Silver City.
 As expected!
 The self-destruction of the starry sky sword had opened the seal a little.
 In the past, only rain would cause such a thing. But now, there was no need for rain. The rain before was actually an explosive accumulation of power. But now, it could directly penetrate.
 Li Hao searched for a while, and many thoughts ran through his mind. The next moment, divine runes appeared and covered the entire Silver City. He was going to set up a domain array and drag the entire Silver City into the bright star sector!
 No matter how much energy this Red Moon sovereign seeps into me, I will kindly accept it!
 After this harvest, this fellow might be able to sense that the other party might not be willing to infiltrate even if he were to do so.

 (I'll send a leave note later, it can't be helped.)
 Almost all of Silver city's ordinary residents had been evacuated.
 At this moment, millions of soldiers were stationed both inside and outside the city. Countless people had gathered here, and all of them were transcendents. Every time they absorbed energy, a small energy storm would be swept up.
 Just as everyone was still wondering why the Li Dynasty had retreated and why the Silver City's experts had not returned ...
 At this time, Li Hao had buried divine runes all over the silver Blizzard city.
 Countless divine power stones were buried in all directions.
 He wanted to drag the entire Silver City into the bright star sector, or rather, let the entire bright star sector descend for an instant and purify the entire Silver City.
 He did not know how many people were affected.
 He didn't have the time to go through them one by one.
 Since that was the case, he would give it a try.
  And this was also an opportunity for everyone.
 Li Hao didn't tell them in advance. If he did, the news might be leaked, and some people would flee. There might even be chaos, and when the bright star sector descended, the rioters would naturally die.
 There were many divine power stones buried in every corner of the Silver City as a power source.
 A trace of power from a venerable sovereign was enough for these soldiers to improve.
 ……
 Time slowly passed.
 At this moment, some experts had also arrived at the Silver City. Huang Yu and a few military governors had arrived quickly. They were going to select some soldiers to fill the various teams.
 Li Hao had divided the power this time.
 The Army was no longer controlled by one person. The five military governors, the military, and the Navy each controlled a portion of the military. The inspection Office would also control a portion of the military.
 Everyone was selecting the elite.
 As for the military, they had also learned of the news and did not hide it. Silver Moon was about to disband a portion of their troops, and a portion of their elites would be selected to join the war regiments.
 Some people rejoiced, while others were disappointed.
 There were many troops gathered here, but some were unwilling to stay because it was too dangerous. After fighting with the Li Dynasty for so many days, they had suffered great losses.
 Even though the Li Dynasty seemed to be leaving.
 However...Everyone was still worried that another war would break out.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com ……
 On the opposite side.
 The Li Dynasty.
 The king of Dali frowned slightly.
 Just a moment ago, he had received a message from Li Hao, telling him to wait for a moment and retreat tomorrow.
 Not only that, Qian Wuliang also arrived.
 The Dali King did not like this person very much. He felt that this person did not fit Silver moon's style and was more like a Smiling Tiger.  However, Qian Wuliang had also stated his intention to help the Li Dynasty eliminate the members of the three major organizations.
 Moreover, the other party had sent over hundreds of millions of divine power stones, even several bodies of deities, tens of thousands of drops of spring of life, a large amount of power of origin and power of immortality. It was not good for the Dali King to say anything more.
 He suspected that Qian Wuliang was sent here by Li Hao to monitor him.
 Even though Li Hao didn't seem to have such intentions.
 At this moment, the Dali dynasty looked into the distance and saw the Silver City.
 He was a little puzzled. The Silver City felt a little illusionary at the moment.
 What was Li Hao doing?
 Jiang Li also learned about the situation. After watching for a while, he said in a low voice,""My King, is the Silver City ... Enveloped by a special energy?"
 "I'm not sure,"
 The Dali King shook his head."How would I know? I didn't see anything, but I can feel that the Silver City is full of irascible, anxious, and all kinds of uneasy emotions."
 It felt like a barrel of gunpowder!
 Not only the silver Blizzard city, but the Dali Army was also a little uneasy and indignant when they heard the news of the retreat. Some of them were not willing to retreat, which made the Dali King feel very helpless.
 If they didn't retreat ... Did they want to learn from the God nation?
 The million strong Army was annihilated in an instant.
 Now, Dali was not even as good as Scandinavia.
 Shui Yun had surrendered, and the gods of the divine Kingdom had suffered countless casualties. Their Army had been completely wiped out, and the fact that the Li Dynasty had been able to retreat in one piece, with only a loss of over ten thousand soldiers, was already a blessing from the heavens.
 He had no doubt that if he had not gone yesterday, then after the destruction of the divine Kingdom, the Li Dynasty would have been next.
 At that moment, Li Hao was eager to kill people to suppress the violence in his heart.
 After killing the God nation experts, Li Hao didn't stop.
 At that time, he had chosen to retreat. He was extremely nervous.
 This was because he was worried that Li Hao would choose to destroy the Li Dynasty. Fortunately, Li Hao managed to keep his cool in the end and did not do so. Instead, he chose to have his troops retreat and agreed to his choice.
  As he thought about this, the few of them were all watching.
 In the distance, the Silver City became even more illusory.
 At this moment, the Dali King's expression changed slightly. It was not just the silver Blizzard city. At this time, it seemed that a force had shrouded this place as well. Li Hao's aura flashed and disappeared, but he did not show himself.
 But when the Dali King turned around, he frowned. Li Hao ... Seemed to be setting up a formation!
 Was this ... A formation that enveloped the entire Li Dynasty Army?
 Could it be that he wanted to capture all of them in one fell swoop?
 He was a little worried, but at this moment, if Li Hao really wanted to do this, he couldn't resist. Suppressing the agitation in his heart, he could only choose to wait.
 They were waiting for Li Hao to let them go.
 At this moment, Li Hao's voice came from the armor.""Each division, do your job. The Army, don't move. If there are rioters, kill them! The heaven-battling Army will act as the inspection guard and patrol all places. Do not neglect them!"
 Li Hao's voice also rang in the Dali King's ears.""Investigate the power of the Crimson Moon, eliminate the Crimson Moon! The great li may not be cultivating new DAOs, but they will not be deliberately targeted ..."

 At this point, Li Hao's voice resounded across the world.""Everyone, circulate the air breaking technique, sit cross-legged on the ground, and cultivate! No matter what happens, you are not allowed to whisper or move. Even if the sky falls, there will be strong people to protect you!"
 "I'm going to draw the energy of the divine power mine to assist your cultivation. We'll part on good terms. Whether you leave the Army or stay in the Army to continue fighting, even if you return to your place, I hope you understand that a soldier ... Should protect the country!"
 "Today, I'll give you an opportunity to open your apertures. How much you can open and how far you can go ... Will all be your luck! It's up to you if you can seize this opportunity!"
 "You are not allowed to fight for other people's special divine power. Everyone, just absorb your own!"
 “……”
 In all directions, countless people felt strange.
 Giving him an opportunity before leaving?
 Draw in the power of the big mine?
 Silver City, where would there be a big mine?
 Didn't they say that it only existed in stellarsky city?
  However, at this moment, no one dared to say anything. Some people were even very excited. Giving away an opportunity ... Governor li was really magnanimous!
 He just didn't know how much he could absorb.
 How many acupuncture points could he open?
 Today, nearly half of the millions of soldiers had broken through the 100-realm, and some of them were still in the ten-realm, mainly the troops from the northern provinces. Many of the later selected soldiers had even entered the thousand-fighting realm.
 In addition to the heaven battling Army, there were also tens of thousands of demon hunters, Silvermoon guards, and the like. Each of them had an average of more than a hundred people, and many of them had thousands of people.
 These people had opened quite a few apertures.
 Of course, there were some people in the crowd who were suspicious and doubtful. Some people's eyes even glowed red as they felt that something was wrong. However ... At this moment, no one dared to move.
 At this moment, experts flew into the air one after another.
 Huang Yu, Lin Hongyu, and the rest were all there. Their auras were overbearing like gods and demons, suppressing the heaven and earth. They shouted,""Don't move. Sit down cross-legged and circulate the air-breaking technique. Wait for the opportunity to arrive!"
 At the same time, the king of Dali also gave an order,""All soldiers, put down your weapons and sit down cross-legged! Don't move!"
 As soon as these words came out, there was also some commotion in the Li Army.
 What ... What was going on?
 Even though they were not clear about the situation, no one dared to refute the Grand King's orders.
 At the same time.
 Silver City.
 The power of the divine text gathered and formed a huge shield. The broken "Dao" divine text was in the center of the Silver City. The power of the divine text gathered from all directions, with the "Dao" divine text as the core, forming a huge shield.
 This light barrier enveloped everyone.
 Li Hao took a deep breath!
  The descent of the bright star World was no small matter. Moreover, it had affected the entire Silver City. Now that the starry sky sword had been shattered, it would be even more difficult without it!  But ... He had to try.
 If he succeeded, the power of the Crimson Moon would definitely increase greatly, and it would definitely cause turbulence in the bright star realm. The appearance of the lightning of the great path and the gathering of the power of the great path would be very beneficial to him.
 These soldiers could only absorb a limited amount of great DAOs.
 Moreover, when the power of the great DAOs gathered, it was easy for the Dao meridians that could not be found to gather here. Previously, they had not found the Prophet God's Dao Meridian, so even if they killed him, he could still be resurrected.
 At this moment, an eight-trigram array above Li Hao seemed to be trembling slightly.
 Inside the eight trigrams.
 A powerful being was floating in the universe. At this moment, it was still leaking the power of the Crimson Moon. Suddenly, the figure opened his eyes and a strange look appeared.
 Li Hao had returned.
 However ... It was too late to return.
 He had already infiltrated the entire Silver City. Even though he hadn't gone deep, the power of the red moon was like a maggot that would stick to the bone. It couldn't be removed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It would only become more intense as his desire increased.
 In this way, even if the world changed again, the Crimson Moon would still take root and sprout in this land. The stronger one was, the easier it was to be bewitched and become one of the Crimson Moon.
 It was a good idea.
 In fact, he had done it back then. A large number of neo martial artists were tempted and chose to betray the neo martial arts.
 Now, these people were even weaker, so it was naturally easier.
 But ... Why did he feel that something was wrong?
 He couldn't penetrate the sealing formation to check anything, but he could vaguely sense something through the power of the red moon.
  He did not know what had happened.
 Of course, he also knew many things. For example, the moon goddess of the land of the Silver Moon might have suffered a heavy blow, and the formation that used the power of the Silver Moon to suppress him might have been slightly weakened.
 He also knew that Zheng Yu's true body might have walked out of the ruins and would definitely be quite powerful. He actually felt as if the world was cracking. Instead of being shocked, he was overjoyed. If Zheng Yu really walked out, perhaps ... It would be his chance to break the seal!
 He also knew that the starry sky sword might be gone!
 Li Hao didn't know what he was doing. The starry sky sword, which originally represented the seal of the Li family, was now even more illusory. Vaguely, it could no longer suppress him.
 This greatly reduced the pressure on him!
 For so many years, the shadow of the sword Master had been blocking and hurting him. It had to be said that the sword Master was too strong. No wonder he was known as the number one attacker among his peers!
 These were all good things.
 Red Moon sovereign was in a good mood. He had hoped that some people outside could help him break the seal, but they had achieved almost nothing over the years. Li Hao, on the other hand, was a good man!
 He had broken this divine weapon and another one. Now, even the starry sky sword was broken. The red moon sovereign felt that if he was given more time, he would be able to break the seal by himself!

 Just as he was in a good mood, he recalled the commotion caused by the Crimson Moon earlier. His senses were too weak to sense clearly, and he only knew that Li Hao had returned, so he couldn't do anything.
 "Maybe ... It's a good thing?"
 Red Moon sovereign thought to himself. When li Haoshi had penetrated it, he had been contaminated with some of his venerable sovereign's power, which was a direct infection.
 That Li family descendant probably couldn't be expelled.
 So ... Li Hao would become a member of the Crimson Moon sooner or later. Even if he didn 't, he would become an existence like the Zheng family, dominated by desire.
 ……
 Li Hao naturally did not know what Red Moon sovereign was thinking.
 The gap between him and the other party was too big. He would not even think about provoking that guy. However, he could not invade his own territory. The new Dao had not appeared yet, so there was nothing he could do.
 Since the bright star sector had a way to destroy it, Li Hao would not be polite.
 At this moment.
  All of a sudden, countless divine power stones exploded in all directions of the Silver City. An extremely dense energy emerged instantly and covered the entire sky and land. The soldiers were all dumbfounded!
 So many!
 In the next moment, the rain fell. Some people were extremely excited,"the spring of life?"
 Heavens!
 Was this the governor's gift?
 And this was actually just the energy for Li Hao to activate the formation. Just as countless people were getting excited, Li Hao took a deep breath. The starry sky sword was gone. Now, it was actually a little difficult to break open the bright star realm.
 But this time, his strength had increased by a lot.
 At that moment, the Dao meridians in his body opened one by one.
 Although Li Hao had opened five to six hundred apertures, he had only opened 24 meridians.
 However, at that moment, there was a loud bang and three Dao meridians were activated.
 In an instant, Li Hao opened 27 meridians, reaching the peak of the sixth level of the sun Moon tier.
 Three Dao meridians were not enough. Li Hao shouted and instantly burned a few corpses. Waves of rich power of the great Dao began to burn. At this moment, another universe seemed to have emerged.
 Everyone raised their heads to look at the sky. At this moment, they not only saw the stars and the universe, but some of them were also in a daze, as if they had seen an Eight Trigrams diagram.
 What was this?
 Why were there such things in the sky?
 Some people's hearts trembled.
 The moment they saw the eight trigrams, someone seemed to have realized something. Venerable sovereign ...
 A vague idea appeared in his mind.
 That ... Seemed to be master?
 This thought suddenly took root in his mind and couldn't be removed.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, noticed the changes in some people. The power of the Crimson Moon seeped out of his body. He frowned slightly. What a venerable sovereign. He could infect so many people with only a small amount of power through the cracks.
 In fact, several of the Zhan Tian Legion's commanders had it. As for whether they had it from the beginning or just now ... That was not important!
  Li Hao didn't care!  Whether it was in the past or now, there would be no more.
 At this moment, a loud shout reverberated through the world.
 "Open!"
 Heaven and earth seemed to split open. In an instant, countless stars appeared. Many people below were instantly frightened and trembled. The feeling of heaven and earth and the universe crashing down made them feel terrified!
 Li Hao's figure appeared in the air.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, he was like the real person who had opened the sky!
 Li Hao held the universe in his hand and roared,"descend!"
 BOOM!
 As if the world had fallen, Li Hao shouted,""Everyone, don't move! This is an opportunity. If you dare to move, kill without mercy!"
 The moment the universe descended, the bright star sector trembled.
 In the depths of the universe, at this moment, powerful energy suddenly swept over and turned into great Dao lightning.
 One, two, three ... Countless!
 Even Li Hao was scared out of his wits!
 So many?
 At this moment, the bright star sector seemed to have sensed the invasion of venerable sovereigns. Countless Thunderbolts of the great path gathered in an instant and swept toward Li Hao.
 Li Hao looked up and swallowed. I didn't seal it.
 I thought that I had already sealed it.
 He was also thinking that if it was covered with a seal ... Forget it, there was a high chance that he wouldn't be able to kill a venerable sovereign. This new Dao universe was incomplete. Once a venerable sovereign invaded, perhaps ... The great Dao universe would have to change owners!
 Even Li Hao found it difficult to kill the Thunder of the great path, let alone kill a venerable sovereign.
 Just as they were thinking about this, countless Thunderbolts struck at the soldiers. At this moment, countless people were so scared that their guts were about to split. One by one, the experts shouted in the air,""Be quiet. We'll stop them. This isn't lightning. It's the power of the great Dao. It'll only be of help to you. There's no harm!"
 Despite the fear in their hearts, some people believed that Li Hao wouldn't deliberately harm them, so they could only endure it.
  Some people wanted to move, but they didn't dare to do so when they saw Li Hao in the sky.
 On the Li Dynasty's side, there were people who made a move. The Li Dynasty's King was not polite at all. The Li Dynasty's Army had always been strictly managed. Those who made a move were killed by the divine guards!
 All of a sudden, the distant Li Dynasty Army fell silent!
 At that moment, lightning struck.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Bolts of lightning struck down, and almost everyone's body seeped out traces of the Blood Moon's power. In the blink of an eye, they were shattered by the great Dao lightning.
 The great Dao expelled the power of the red moon, and that power mixed with the power of the great Dao, forming an even stronger energy.
 At this moment, some of the soldiers who were using the air-breaking technique were suddenly overjoyed. "I've opened my aperture ..."
 In an instant, someone opened their aperture.
 They weren't strong, and this was the first time they came into contact with the power of great DAOs, so their enlightenment speed was even faster. In the blink of an eye, some of them were madly inhaling and exhaling, opening several apertures. They were instantly ecstatic!

 This ... Oh my God!
 It was indeed a gift!
 They didn't know what the red power was, but at this moment, as if Li Hao had eaten the red shadow, they quickly strengthened their bodies and opened their apertures. The soldiers began to absorb it crazily.
 Countless people absorbed it, and in the blink of an eye, bolts of lightning shattered the power of the Crimson Moon, turning it into nourishing energy.
 In the sky, several experts seized the opportunity to absorb the power of great DAOs. Li Hao acquiesced to this.
 As for Li Hao himself, he had also intercepted many great DAOs.
 Not only that, he flew directly above the Li Dynasty Army and said in a loud voice,""I've blocked the great path's lightning for you. There's no need to thank me!"
 However, at this moment, the Li Dynasty Army did not dare to voice their anger!
 Bullshit!
 They all heard it. They heard the Mad roars of the Demon Hunter Army on the other side. That was joy, that was madness, that was joy from the increase in strength!
  Li Hao ... Actually didn't want to give it to them!
 At this moment, the king of Dali couldn't hold it in any longer. He quickly floated into the air and looked at Li Hao, somewhat conflicted."Governor li ... This ... This is the base of the Dali Army. This ... This power of new Dao ..."
 "You guys can't absorb it!"
 At this moment, the Dali King suddenly regretted it and wanted to cry.
 He felt that the people of Dali should cultivate a new Dao.
 Even he was envious of this great Dao's power!
 There were too many!
 How could there be so many?
 They were sad that Li Hao's kind intentions had actually enveloped them. It turned out that ... He had wanted to obtain the power of a great Dao.
 Of course, Li Hao was doing this for this reason. Of course, he also wanted to prevent the power of the Crimson Moon from spreading.
 This thing was passed down from generation to generation!
 Although the millions of Li Dynasty soldiers were not as infiltrated as the Silver City Army, a large number of them had been infiltrated by the power of the Crimson Moon. If left alone, the Li Dynasty might become the base of the Crimson Moon universe.
 At this moment, the cheers were endless.
 At the same time, there were also some people who were extremely terrified and couldn't help but want to escape. Many red figures wanted to escape, but they were killed by the experts in the void in the blink of an eye.
 Li Hao's voice was heard again,"don't move.! Otherwise ... He would be killed without mercy! This is an opportunity. Only those with a guilty conscience will escape, and anyone who escapes can be killed by anyone!"
 As soon as he said that, some of the escapees were killed on the spot by people from all directions.
 Don't delay our cultivation!
 At this moment, the great path universe kept producing the power of Thunder and bombarding everyone. The red power was destroyed one after another. After being destroyed, it was absorbed by everyone, mixed with the power of the great path.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was floating in the air above the Li Army, enjoying the power of the great DAOs all to himself.
 The king of Dali seemed to be a little unwilling ... He also flew up and tried to absorb a little. The next moment, his eyes lit up."Governor li doesn't reject me ..."
 What he wanted to say was,"if that's the case, the Li Army can also absorb it!"
 Li Hao shook his head."You're strong, so you can absorb a little. But the Li Dynasty isn't a new Dao cultivator. The others are weak. They'll die if they absorb it!" I can't do anything about the conflict between orthodoxies. They don't have Dao meridians or acupuncture points. Once they absorb it, they won't be able to digest it and will immediately explode!"
  "This ..."  "You can absorb some, but not too much. Otherwise, you'll explode too. You won't be able to digest it. Do you understand?"
 The Dali King was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood!
 "The divine guards and priests of the Hall of Gods, absorb some of it. You'll be strong enough to give it a try. If you can't absorb it ... Stop immediately!"
 On the other side, Jiang Li also flew up carefully and began to absorb.
 ,m Li Hao didn't care about them.  This was his chance!
 This might be the last time he could gain something. Red Moon sovereign would definitely feel it. It would be perfect if he could open 36 meridians this time!
 After activating it, he would be able to fight against some Saints in the truest sense of the word. He wouldn't have to rely on external forces anymore.
 Li Hao absorbed the energy crazily!
 This time, he had spent hundreds of millions of divine power stones and thousands of drops of the spring of life to set up this domain formation. If he could not make up for it, it would be a great loss!
 ……
 At the same time.
 Within the seal.
 Red Moon sovereign was stunned. The red moon Power he had released seemed to be dissipating quickly.
 What was going on?
 The red moon sovereign frowned. He was a venerable sovereign and his power level was too high. Even Saints and Heavenly Kings would find it difficult to expel him, let alone ordinary people.
 Why ... Would there be a large-scale dissipation?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He frowned slightly.
 He thought about it and tried to penetrate it a little more, but ... Once it fell, it disappeared completely like clouds and smoke.
 "Something's wrong ..."
 This time, in order to infect these people, he had used up a lot of the red moon's power. Because he had been isolated from the world all these years, he had also used up a lot of his power. At this moment, his power was far less than it was before.
  However, he soon discovered some problems.
 After a long while, he muttered,"no one in the Silvermoon world can wear down the power of a venerable sovereign. Even the bloodlines of the eight great families can only barely resist it ... Unless ... The new Dao ... Universe!"
 Suddenly, his eyes changed!
 Could it be the new Dao universe?
 Damn it!
 How could this be!
 Even if the new Dao universe appeared and Li Hao could enter it, not everyone could enter it. Even in the original universe, only a few people could enter it. As for the Crimson Moon great Dao of the Crimson Moon universe, only a few people could enter it.
 Then ... Why was it like this?
 "The great Dao is rejecting ..."
 As a venerable sovereign, he knew a lot, but he still frowned.

 Even if they were rejected, why would everyone be rejected?
 That's strange!
 Could it be that the great Dao universe had descended?
 That's impossible!
 He couldn't believe it. In the next moment, he was extremely angry."Damn it!"
 He had spent so much of the Crimson Moon's power to infect the Silver City, but now, there seemed to be a problem.
 Not only that ... At that moment, the virtual shadow of the Li family Swordmaster suddenly became stronger.
 He was stunned ...
 In the next moment, he roared angrily,"bastard!" Use my power to improve yourself ... You bastard!"
 Yes, Li Hao was the Li family's bloodline, which led to the eight trigrams.
  When Li Hao was strong, the shadow would be strong too.
 However, in the past, Li Hao was too weak, and the starry sky sword was stronger than Li Hao, so it was not obvious. But now, the starry sky sword was gone, and the sword venerable's shadow was extremely weak. In an instant, as Li Hao grew stronger, the shadow became stronger.
 It happened at the same time. How could Red Moon Emperor not understand?
 "Damn it!"
 He was extremely furious. In other words, he had exhausted his strength, but in the end, not only was he unable to break the seal, but he had also nourished the weak seal. What was this?
 Getting caught in a cocoon?
 Or did he suffer a double loss?
 "You're Li Hao, right?"
 He knew Li Hao's name from the power of the Crimson Moon. At this moment, his expression was extremely ugly. He was a venerable sovereign, but he had suffered a loss at the hands of a Li family descendant!
 It was really hateful!
 If the sword Saint had made him suffer, he would have accepted it. But in the end, he was just a nobody. It was really hard to let go!
 "Li Hao!"
 With a cold snort, he withdrew all the power of the Crimson Moon and no longer penetrated it. Damn it!
 At this moment, if he were to infiltrate and be used by Li Hao's side, turning it into their strength, wouldn't he be using his own strength to kill himself?
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At the same time.
 Silver Moon land.
 At this moment, some people felt some changes.
 Some experts walked out of the ruins, and their clones appeared. They looked at the Silver City in the distance, which was as bright as the starry sky. It made people wonder. In the past few days, all kinds of changes had happened. What had happened in the Silver City?
 White moon City.
 Zhang an also felt some changes in the world. He appeared outside the relic and looked into the distance. He saw the starry sky and the universe, and his expression changed slightly. This ... What was Li Hao doing?
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao was not only absorbing the power of a great Dao and opening his apertures.
  At the same time, he was still observing the universe.  He observed the places where the power of great DAOs emerged.
 Those places ... Might be surrounded by stars, or maybe ... They were the locations of the great Dao of deities. Even if they weren 't, they were the places where the energy of the bright star sector gathered. They would be very helpful for him to sort out his great Dao.
 In his body, he had already opened 30 Dao meridians.
 In a short period of time, he had absorbed all kinds of great Dao power and actually helped him open six Dao meridians.
 Of course, it was related to his own strength.
 He had only been restricting himself and not opening it to prevent the limits of the world from increasing.
 But at this moment, he no longer restricted himself.
 This was because heaven and earth were fragile at this time, and there was no need to limit him.
 As for the soldiers, especially the tens of thousands of elites, their improvement was even more terrifying. This was because only these people had activated their physical Dao meridians. The others had not. They had activated their physical Dao meridians and were already very powerful.
 At this moment, his physical body was more resilient and was more contaminated by the Crimson Moon's power.
 In the blink of an eye, the gap between the two sides widened.
 Huang Yu, the serious commander, almost burst out laughing!
 He realized that there were only ordinary soldiers in the Army ... And someone had already entered the mountain sea!
 That's right, it wasn't a general, but an ordinary soldier. Some of them had actually opened 181 apertures, which represented the mountains and seas!
 In a short period of time, even though they were not weak to begin with, almost all of them had broken through the 100 levels. After the battle with the divine Kingdom, they had cultivated for a few days and opened their physical body's Dao meridians. Many of them had stepped into the Dou Qian realm.
 However, none of the ordinary soldiers had even stepped into the mountain sea.
 But today ... He had one.
 And not just one!
 That day, Li Hao had bragged about splitting tens of thousands of troops into the mountains and seas. Today...Perhaps it would become a reality. Even if it couldn't be achieved today, perhaps in the future, these tens of thousands of troops would truly reach the level of the mountains and seas!
 When that time came ... There would truly be tens of thousands of mountains and seas!
 Just as Huang Yu was getting excited, Li Hao's voice resounded,""Speed up. Time is of the essence. We can't hold on for too long. We have ten minutes at most ... Open as many apertures as we can ... After ten minutes, everyone, stabilize your minds and leave this place!"
 The energy needed to activate it was almost used up, and the power of the Crimson Moon was also almost exhausted. The petty venerable sovereign stopped permeating the area, and Li Hao could do nothing about it.
  As a result ... He would soon be out of the bright star sector.
 Of course, he had gained a lot this time!
 Li Hao estimated that he would be able to open at least 33 meridians by the end. Of course, it was not 33 of 36. A portion of them would be divine power Dao meridians.
 And at this moment, there were some changes in the bright star sector.
 There were countless stars!
 Some of the originally weak and dim stars suddenly flickered. This meant that some of these stars belonged to the people present. They had become stronger, so the stars were bright!
 Li Hao was in a good mood. He buried all his previous thoughts.
 If the bright star sector becomes stronger, then I ... Have more hope!
 Perhaps, I will wake them up soon!
 He hoped that he would not have to wait too long.

 ……
 Ten minutes later, the world was turned upside down.
 The star disappeared.
 The Silver City was still the Silver City.
 However, at this moment, the situation had changed. Their strength had changed, and so had their hearts.
 The instant everyone appeared, the Demon Hunter Army's side was the first to shout,"Divine might of the governor!"
 In the next moment, the roars of the Army rang out continuously.
 "Divine might of the governor!"
 The heavens fell and the earth cracked!
 The whistling sound, each wave higher than the last, spread out!
  At this moment, someone activated the sky screen and spread it out rapidly. In an instant, the sky screen lit up everywhere. At this moment, a whistling sound reverberated through the world!
 Countless soldiers raised their arms and shouted!
 At this moment, Huang Yu's expression changed. The next moment, he shouted,""Douqian can float in the air. All soldiers above douqian level can float in the air!"
 In an instant, thousands of people were floating in the air. Then, three thousand, five thousand, ten thousand ...
 More and more people were floating in the air.
 Some of them were still not familiar with it and staggered a little. However, they soon began to float in the air.
 Thirty thousand, fifty thousand, eighty thousand ...
 This scene shocked the heavens and earth!
 At least 100000 people!
 Even though 100,000 people were only one-tenth of the entire Army, they could fight against 1000!
 There were more than 100000 Dou Qian!
 There were probably many mountains and seas among them.
 This scene spread out in all directions, and many sky screens appeared in an instant. Countless people were stunned.
 Some local overlords and important officials of some provinces in the square continent were all scared out of their wits!
 Master douqian!
 The mountains and seas were comparable to the divine arts of the past, the battle of the thousand, the three suns, and the rising light.
 At this moment, in the blink of an eye, more than 100000 rays of the three suns appeared. How terrifying!
 And this was still an Army!
 The remaining people didn't look weak!
 How could this be?
 Countless people couldn't figure it out. Was fighting a Qian ... That simple?
 Why were there 100000 martial masters in one day?
 At this moment, Li Hao's voice resounded in the sky."Martial masters douqian can stay in the Army or leave! "Breaking through a hundred martial masters is the threshold. Anyone below that will have to return to their hometown unless there are special circumstances ... But even if they do return, they can't bring disaster to the village! "You can join the local Inspection Office, the night patrolman organization, or the martial arts Academy as a student, guard, or security guard!"
 "In addition, starting from today, the raincloud Kingdom is willing to join Heavenly Star and become the 100th province of Heavenly Star. The raincloud province will temporarily move to the shore of the four Seas! The raincloud Army will form the four Seas Navy, and Empress Dowager shuiyun will be the Marshal of the four Seas!"
 "Dali is willing to form a friendly Alliance and withdraw its troops today!"
 "The divine Kingdom of the West has committed an unforgivable crime. Last night, the star governor's office killed dozens of gods, wiped out their million-strong Army, and destroyed their divine Kingdom's cities. The Queen of the West, the moon god, and 11 false gods have escaped. From today onwards, arrest these treasonous people! Any citizen of heavenstar can be killed!"
 "Great wilderness, trapped in the desert, unable to advance an inch. Anyone who leaves the boundary will be killed without mercy!"
 “……”
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, Li Hao made an announcement.
 In an instant, the world fell silent.
 Everyone was stunned.
 What?
 The four countries besieged them, and everyone was very nervous. In the previous few Wars, they had not gained any advantage in the Li Dynasty, nor in the West. In the other two places, there had not been any war, but they all felt boundless pressure.
 However ... At this moment, when Li Hao said that the Li Dynasty had retreated, that shuiyun had surrendered, that the divine Kingdom had been destroyed, and that the great wilderness ... Could not come out ...
 Everyone was dumbfounded.
 What was going on?
 They didn't understand!
 It had only been a few days, what happened?
 At this moment, the sky covered the entire area.
  The next moment, the entire land of Silver Moon was filled with shouts of disbelief, madness, and roars!  The heavens and earth were turned upside down!
 How could that be possible?
 ……
 The great wilderness.
 A sky screen appeared.
 The great desolation master's face was drained of blood.
 How was that possible?
 Just a few days ago, everyone was saying that the five-party conference would be held today. That's right, today. At this moment, the sky was still dark. The five-party conference would only be held at dawn.
 "But ... Now you're telling me that the Li Dynasty has escaped, shuiyun has surrendered, and Scandinavia has been destroyed!
 'This ... This is impossible!
 Even though he had seen a rain of blood the day before, and even though everything was foreshadowing that the conference would not go smoothly, he had never expected that the situation would change in just one day.
 The powerful divine Kingdom had been destroyed!
 Even though Li Hao said that 11 of them had escaped, including the moon goddesses, there were a total of 12 gods.
 But if he remembered correctly, there should be at least 50 to 60 gods in the God nation!
 "Why would I?"
 The great desolation master mumbled to himself. How was this possible?
 Also, why ... Did so many Dou Qian soldiers appear on the other side?
 A warrior of thousands!
 Back then, the three suns rising light was easily worth more than 100000 ... And that was only in Silver Moon province. Even if this place occupied the majority, how many were there in the entire Heavenly Star?
 At this moment, he was terrified!
 All of this ... Had changed too quickly.
 The other officials in the hall were all dumbfounded. How were they supposed to deal with such a powerful heavenstar?
 Someone couldn't believe it and mumbled,""It's fake, it must be fake. Li Hao is threatening us on purpose. The divine Kingdom is powerful, and it's said to have Saint-level Masters and Saint-level Masters. It even surpasses the sun and moon that Li Hao mentioned ... How could it be destroyed?"
 Sage level. In the current great wilderness, some powerful desolate beasts were at this level.
 If the divine Kingdom could be destroyed, didn't that mean that the great wilderness could be destroyed as well?
 Many people were trembling!
 Previously, they had thought that the great wilderness was unrivaled due to the presence of desolate beasts and Sage-level experts. However ... When the news of the destruction of the divine Kingdom spread, everyone was dumbfounded!
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the West.
 In a dark place.
 Yueshen was also holding a piece of sky screen. Suddenly, she spat out a mouthful of blood and said coldly,""Good one, Li Hao ..."
 It turned out that it wasn't just the divine Kingdom that had been destroyed. Even shuiyun and Dali had surrendered.
 Although the king of Dali said that he was retreating, he had actually surrendered!
 And now, only Da Huang was left.
 It was truly a day where the heavens and earth were turned upside down.
 Some of the gods around him were terrified. Someone said in a low voice,""Your Majesty ... Let's return to the divine kingdom first. Also ... We're a little uneasy. It seems ... That someone is hunting us down!"
 Yueshen's expression was serious as she nodded. She knew.
  It might not be Li Hao's group!
 It could very well be someone from the Crimson Moon cosmos!
 Bastard!
 "Go! We ... Will come back, but not now. We have to figure out the situation of the Dao universe, or we'll be courting death ..."
 She would not stay any longer. This time, she would not insist on taking revenge.
 Instead, he had to figure out the great Dao universe. Otherwise, Li Hao could easily kill a deity and annihilate a Saint, which was too terrifying for a deity!
 Moreover, for some reason, Li Hao's subordinates had suddenly become much stronger, which made her feel even more desperate.
 If these soldiers were like this ... What about Li Hao?
 Perhaps, he had become even stronger!
 How hateful!

