fileno%d
e couldn't leave, he had to get as far away from this place as possible.
 At that moment, something seemed to have awakened under the lake where the divine power Stone was placed.
 The Black Panther couldn't speak, or it would have told Li Hao that it only had time to collect half of the hundred million divine power stones. The other half ... Was almost gone, and had become an empty shell!
 In just a short while, half of the divine power stones were gone.
 Not only that, at this moment, a series of shrieks came from the four teaching buildings!
 At this moment, a mental energy fluctuation spread across the world.
 "All students, gather on the field. If you're late in one minute, you'll be executed!"
 Li Hao's expression changed.
 He turned around and saw a terrifying existence on the field.
 Just as he was about to escape ... There was a loud bang. At the school gate, one of the cute dolls suddenly clawed at him like a cat!
  The powerful Li Hao was sent flying back like a fragile sack. He fell to the ground, but his injuries were not serious. The robot cat-like doll said,""The Academy is closed. Gather on the field. No students are allowed to leave the school!"
 "Cough, cough, cough ..."
 Li Hao spat out a mouthful of blood, somewhat shaken.
 The Black Panther grabbed his arm and trembled as if it had seen something terrifying.
 Little tree also sent a voice transmission to Li Hao,'listen to the orders, hurry ... Hurry to the field! Otherwise ... We might not be able to leave!"
 Li Hao's expression changed drastically!
 He didn't dare to say anything more and quickly looked at Tian Jian and the others. Seeing that Tian Jian was about to attack, he hurriedly said,"To the field!"
 Tian Jian's expression changed.
 Waiting for death passively was not their style.
 But now ... Since Li Hao had said so, he looked back. Although he felt that he would be courting death if he went back ... He still nodded.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hong Yitang's face was heavy, and hou Xiaochen's expression was also uncertain.
 Although the four people and one dog were unwilling, they were still shocked that a puppet had sent Li Hao flying.
 There was more than one doll at the school gate.
 But many!
 If they could all attack, and they were all so strong ... They would die without a doubt, especially after the battle just now, and the little tree had not had time to recover.
 At this moment, the voice reverberated in all directions again. "There's still 30 seconds!"
 The expressions of Li Hao and the others changed slightly, and they quickly ran toward the field.
 In the blink of an eye, they arrived.
 On this side of the field, a black armored warrior was floating.
 However, there seemed to be a small cat head imprinted on the black armor. It looked a little funny, but it was even more ridiculous because it was colorful.
 But ... The sapling was a little shaken. It quickly transmitted its voice,""Be careful ... This place ... This place might be related to the great emperor!"
 It recognized him!
 He couldn't believe it. This place ... Had an Emperor's portrait?  How was that possible?
 The Emperor hated it the most when people always mentioned him, so that he couldn't eat or sleep well. Whoever kept mentioning him would make him angry, not to mention that it was a portrait imprint, which inevitably made people think of him.
 Whenever he thought of it, he would harass it, and that was the thing that made it the most unhappy.
 Even the guards of the Imperial Palace would not wear such a ridiculous profile picture.
 However, a Black Phoenix had appeared in this place!
 He didn't know how strong it was, but the image of the Emperor was imprinted on the armor. The tree trembled. This place ... Must be related to the Emperor. It was excited, but also nervous.
 “10!”
 At this moment, hei Teng's loud voice resounded.
 “9!”
 “……”
 At this moment, many figures arrived at a terrifying speed.
 Qian Wanhao was a little shocked and a little scared. He arrived there in an instant.
 He avoided Li Hao's group with some fear. What was this place?
 Just now, they wanted to ignore him and continue to avoid him.
 However, incomparably powerful puppets appeared in the teaching block and chased them away, just like how puppets chased away Li Hao's group. This place seemed to be giving people an opportunity. Qian Wanhao was sent flying by a puppet, and he was so scared that he had no choice but to escape here!
 He knew that some of the heritage sites ... Would really set some rules. If he didn't come, he might really die!
 Qian Wanhao and stupa Mountain Master arrived. The three secretaries arrived in a sorry state. The three from SuperPower City were also scared out of their wits and instantly fled in this direction.
 “1!”
 "Time's Up!"
 Hei Teng said. His black eyes seemed to be looking at Li Hao's group, and everyone's hearts trembled.
 "I'm late, I must be cut!"
 "Yuan Ping martial arts university doesn't need deserters!" Hei Teng said coldly.
  Deserter!
 While Li Hao and the others were still thinking about the meaning of his words, they suddenly heard a series of screams. At this moment, puppet armors appeared at the school gate and inside the teaching building in the blink of an eye.
 In the blink of an eye, dozens of people appeared. Under the shocked gazes of Li Hao and the others! Blades appeared in the hands of the puppets! Regardless of their strength!
 "No!"
 Kachaa!
 A series of sounds rang out, and in the blink of an eye, dozens of people's heads fell to the ground!
 Qian Wanhao and the others were terrified!
 Some of these people were hiding from the previous battle, and some had just run with them but didn't manage to make it in time.
 At this moment, they were all caught and killed in the blink of an eye!
 In front of Li Hao's group, the black Phoenix seemed to be very calm, as if it was not strange at all.

 He looked at everyone present with his black eyes."Fighting for no reason and destroying the school dormitory. It's hard to work bit by bit. The Academy has an arena, but you deliberately destroyed the school dormitory. You will be punished ten times more!"
 "It wasn't easy to build the school dormitory, you should be punished!"
 Then, Li Hao heard a voice.""You'll be fined one million cultivation-aiding energy stones!"
 Li Hao was shocked!
 Fine?
 What the hell!
 Hei Teng's voice rang in her ears again,""Today, the war regulations will be in effect. If you don't pay a fine, you will be fined 100000 for knocking down one puppet. If you fail to knock down any puppet, you will be judged to have failed ... And the fine will be doubled! If you can't pay, then send them to the vanguard Battalion!"
 Li Hao and the others were all stunned. The voices of the members of the Earthcover sword sect sounded in their ears again. "I'm fined a million Yuan!"
 "Me too!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I'll give you a lower price. 500000."
  "I ... I'll pay 2 million!"
 At this moment, little tree also transmitted a message. He was a little afraid.
 Apart from hou Xiaochen, everyone else had at least a million.
 A fine of 5.5 million!
 Cultivation-aiding energy stones?
 Li Hao's heart trembled. He knew what cultivation-aiding energy stones were. They were military-grade ones, which meant ... 55 million divine power stones!
 A puppet?
 What puppet?
 The next moment, he realized that the puppets that he had used to kill those people had all appeared behind hei Teng. There were 30 of them.
 At this moment, Qian Wanhao and the others were all pale.
 Qian Wanhao suppressed the shock in his heart and asked,"may I ask ... Supremacy ..."
 "Before you speak, you have to report first. If you don't follow the rules, you'll be fined an additional 100000 Yuan!"
 Qian Wanhao's expression changed, and he did not dare to speak again.
 At this time, Li Hao and the others also looked at Qian Wanhao and the others. The expressions of Qian Wanhao and the others were also constantly changing.
 What was going on?
 Why did hei Teng suddenly appear?
 Black armored Army?
 Martial arts university guards?
 However, how could the black armored Army be so strong!
 Although they had not sensed each other's strength, but ... But they felt that it was terrifying.
 Fine ... What if there was no money?
 The vanguard Battalion?
 How many years had it been? there was no Vanguard camp.
 Could it be ... That he could send people out?
 Everyone was deep in thought when hei Teng spoke again,""Should I pay the fine or ... Challenge the puppet? If you succeed in challenging ten puppets ... Not only will you be exempted from the fine, but you will also be rewarded!"
 Reward!
 Everyone's heart skipped a beat. What reward?
 However, everyone had heard that if he failed ... The fine would be doubled!
 Of course, it seemed that as long as one was knocked down, it would be considered a success, and 100000 Yuan would be deducted.
 Li Hao quickly calculated. What should he do?
 Pay?
 What a joke!
 The few of them had 55 million.
 Who knew how much Black Panther had collected, if he really handed it over ... Wouldn't he be bankrupt?
 But if he didn't pay ... Was he supposed to challenge a puppet?
 The little tree had said that this place was very terrifying.
 Li Hao looked across the street. He was in trouble, and these guys seemed to be in trouble as well. Did they still have money to pay the fine?
 At that moment, Qian Wanhao and the others had ugly expressions.
 There were hundreds of millions of divine power stones, and each family had taken out millions of them. In addition, they had been madly improving their strength, so their consumption was huge. Who would continue to carry a large number of divine power stones with them?
 "Report!"
 As an old Secretary, he had a lot of experience. When he shouted, Black Phoenix looked at him."Speak!"
 "Sir ... If ... If we don't have the money to pay the fine ..."
 "Are you deaf? You will be sent to the vanguard Battalion!"
 "Report!"
 "Sir, but the vanguard Battalion is no longer here. Can we ... Can we go out and search for them on our own?" Qian Wanhao asked anxiously.
 If that was the case ... Why would they pay the fine?  Perhaps with this fellow's protection, he would be safe.
 Now that all the monster plants were dead and orange moon had been killed, they were still in fear. Perhaps this was a good thing.
 "The vanguard Battalion is gone?"
 Hei Teng seemed to be lost in thought. After a long time, he said softly,"Then behead him!"
 “……”
 If the chance to redeem himself was gone, then why not behead him?
 Everyone's expression changed. He ... He was beheaded just like that?
 Why did it feel like a joke?
 "Make your choice. Pay the fine or challenge the puppet!"
 On Li Hao's side, they all looked at Li Hao. What should they do?
 Even hou Xiaochen had 500000, which was 5 million.
 This ... Was not a small number.
 If he handed it over, would it strengthen hei Teng?
 At this moment, someone in SuperPower City suddenly said,""Reporting, I'm fined 100000. Does this mean that I only have to face one puppet and defeat it? not only will I not be punished, but I'll also be rewarded?"
 "Right!"
 100,000!
 As soon as he said this, everyone's expression changed. This guy ... Was rare.
 Of course, this might be related to the degree of destruction.
 Li Hao's group had destroyed many places, but Black Panther had not been fined. Perhaps because he had not participated in the battle, he had not been counted. Little tree had destroyed the most, so he had been fined two million Yuan!
 "Then I'll challenge the puppet ... Sir, if I succeed ... Can ... Can I choose to leave?" the man was overjoyed.
 "Sure!"
 "The school is closed, but if you can succeed in the challenge, it means that you have the strength to go out ... Naturally, you can choose to go out!" Hei Teng was suddenly very easy to talk to.
 The moment these words came out, everyone was overjoyed!
 They had communicated with each other and knew that Li Hao's group would have to face at least ten puppets, while he only had to face one ... If he succeeded, he could go out and spread the news!
 It didn't matter if they came in or stayed outside. After all, once the news spread, the whole world would come to kill Li Hao and his friends!
 Wouldn't they be safe then?
 Even if no one came, they could leave in advance.
 Thinking of this, the man was overjoyed.""Then I choose to challenge!"
 "Alright!"
 The next moment, a puppet appeared. The superpower City was on high alert. In the next moment, it suddenly burst out and punched out. It was as powerful as a Buddha!
 BOOM!
 A loud sound rang out. The puppet's movements didn't seem to be fast. After being hit by the punch, it didn't move an inch!
 With a loud bang, the puppet swung its fist!
 Bang! Bang!
 The man was sent flying backward, spitting out blood continuously. His eyes were filled with disbelief. He was in the divine power realm!
 But ... After a single punch, the other party was completely unharmed!
 Not only that, he was seriously injured with just one punch!
 "I'll double the fine. Two hundred thousand!"
 "My Lord, I ..." The man's expression changed slightly.
 At this moment, he was also afraid. He hurriedly looked at Qian Wanhao and the others. Who would bring a few million divine energy stones with them?
 The other party might really kill him!
 What the hell was this place?
 Wasn't it a level two relic?
 Could the rising light survive?
 Why was it so terrifying?
  There were a total of 30 of these puppets, and it was unknown how many more were hidden in the dark. With the addition of this Black Phoenix ... This was simply too terrifying!
 Let alone sunguang, even the legendary Paragon ... Would be able to leave this place successfully?
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had been watching and judged that these puppets did not seem to kill people for no reason. Otherwise, the punch just now might have killed that guy, who was a very terrifying existence!
 Yuanping martial arts university ...
 Perhaps, the threat this time was not these monster plants, not Qian Wanhao and the rest, but the remains itself!
 No wonder little tree had said that this place was terrifying.
 Li Hao felt helpless. Could he defeat the puppet or the black Phoenix?
 A fine of 55 million ... Not to mention whether it was enough on his side, even if it was enough ... Wouldn't he have come here for nothing?
 Besides, would he be able to leave successfully if he gave it to her?
 One thought after another kept appearing in his mind.

 "Is there anyone else who wants to challenge me?"
 Hei Teng's voice reverberated in all directions, but everyone's faces were pale.
 Challenge?
 What a joke!
 For a puppet to be able to defeat a divine ability expert so easily while the other party remained uninjured ... This kind of strength ... It had to be at least a five-elemental divine ability, right?
 Forget it ... The key was ... They were not fined 100000 Yuan!
 It was millions!
 Hou Xiaochen's spirit-type spear intent didn't cause much damage to anyone who had taken part in the battle. As for the others ... Who didn't have over a million spirit-type weapons?
 The destructive power of divine powers was strong to begin with!
 ? As for Qian Wanhao, he was fined 1.5 million Yuan.
  Since he had four types of divine powers, and Li Hao and the others had divine text divine powers, the destructive power they created wasn't too great. It was concentrated on the enemy, while most of his divine powers were spread out.
 Little tree had fought in the air. Although the aftermath was strong, the damage was still alright, so he was fined 2 million Yuan.
 Clearly, hei Teng was very fair.
 The fine was completely based on the degree of damage.
 The thought of challenging 15 puppets and being fined twice as much for failing to defeat any one of them-a total of three million cultivation-aiding energy stones-filled Qian Wanhao's heart with despair.
 "Reporting ..." He said with his last bit of hope.
 "Speak!"
 "I ... If I don't have cultivation-aiding energy stones, I'll use other things to pay for it. Is that okay?"
 "Sure!" Hei Teng replied calmly.
 "Everything in a martial arts university can be converted into cultivation-aiding energy stones!"
 Qian Wanhao did not say anything else.
 As for Li Hao, he said,""Sir, we are not students ..."
 "Non-students who barged into Yuanping martial Sciences University will be killed without mercy!"
 Before he could finish his sentence, he immediately said,""We are students!"
 Don't mess around!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Non-students, kill without mercy.
 I was still thinking that it would be better if I wasn't a student, but the facts have proven that I was overthinking.
 "This puppet ... It's made from an extremely powerful treasure. Why don't I try and see if the soul-splitting spear can break it ..." Hou Xiaochen sent a voice transmission.
 He was fined 500000 Yuan, and if he doubled it ... That would be a million Yuan. It didn't seem like a big difference.
 Li Hao was speechless.
 Would it work?
 One against five!
 In terms of defense, these puppets were probably the best of the ancient civilizations. They were unbelievably strong, and Li Hao felt that he might not be able to break them.
 If it was little tree ... Could the Imperial Palace do it?
 Maybe he could!
 But little tree wanted to fight 20!
 Don't mess around!
 If he didn't defeat any of them, he would be able to get four million Yuan, which would make Li Hao's head explode.
 At this moment, there were not many people alive.
 On Li Hao's side, there were four people. Facing Qian Wanhao's group, only four secretaries, three guys from SuperPower City, and eight powerhouses from stupa Mountain Master were still alive.
 12 living people, a dog, and a tree.  The hundreds of people who had entered earlier were all gone.
 This time, this place had been sealed for five days, and only half an hour had passed.
 Yes, half an hour.
 From the start of the war until now, it had only been a blink of an eye. There were still five days before the opening of the martial arts university. There had been almost no changes. How could he escape under such circumstances?
 He couldn't even delay time!
 The 12 of them were very quiet.
 Pay the fine?
 How?
 In the superpower City, even the weakest one had to pay a fine of 200000 which was 2 million dollars. Now that everyone was in the God art stage, who did not spend countless resources to cultivate?
 At this moment, Li Hao thought of something and said carefully,""Sir, how much can one drop of the spring of life offset the fine?"
 "Spring of life?"
 "This one!"
 Li Hao revealed a drop. Black Phoenix glanced at it. "Oh, this ... How about 500? it's not easy to cultivate monster plants, so I'll buy them at a premium!"
 Everyone was stunned.
 How much?
 Did we hear it wrong?
 500 yuan.
 That's only 5000 divine power stones. This ... This is still considered a premium?
 To them, who were fined up to a million Yuan every now and then, a drop of the spring of life could only be used as a fine of 500 yuan!
 Are you kidding me?
 Even Qian Wanhao's face turned green!
 This time, it really turned green.
 Previously, he had asked if he could use other items to deduct the points.
 In fact, he was also thinking about it. Before coming here, in order to protect himself and stabilize his four god art, he had sold everything he had in exchange for 50 drops of spring of life.
 It was worth ... Three million divine energy stones!
 That's right, this time, he had obtained more monster plants, so the price he offered was quite appropriate. In the end, he received 60000 Yuan per piece, although it might still be a little higher.
 But ... But three million divine power stones. Now that they had bought it back, it would only be 25000 cultivation-aiding energy stones, which was 250000 divine power stones.
 Not even one-tenth!
 Qian Wanhao's expression turned extremely ugly. How much did he embezzle from the monster plant?
 The sapling did not say a word.
  At this moment, it didn't even dare to make a sound.
 Buy back, 500 yuan. It's not bad. It can actually be condensed into a drop for 300 yuan. Actually ... It's not bad.
 However, his secret had been exposed by hei Teng.
 Previously, it had charged Li Hao 10000 divine energy stones for a drop.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, didn't really care. At this moment, he was quickly thinking of something and said to little tree,""How much does senior tree need to condense a drop of it?"
 "This ..."
 "It's fine. I'm just thinking that if I really have to pay a fine, I might be able to save some money!"
 Little tree's heart moved. That's true.
 "That ... That ... It's 400 cultivation-aiding energy stones!"
 At this point, little tree didn't dare to say 300 yuan. On the one hand, he had consumed some, and on the other hand, if he added a little, Li Hao might feel better. At least he wouldn't lose that much.

 Li Hao was still thinking about something.
 "Hurry up and choose!" Hei Teng was getting impatient. Wasting time is a waste of life, a waste of life ... If you don't have a choice after 15 minutes, the fine will be doubled!"
 Everyone's expression changed again.
 Li Hao suddenly thought of something and hurriedly said,""Reporting, I ... That ... If I have a special identity, can I exempt myself from the fine?"
 The other party looked at him and said indifferently,"no identity!" Even the most powerful beings had to obey the rules of the Academy! Unless ... You're a descendant of the human Emperor!"
 Alright!
 Just pretend I didn't say anything.
 He thought,"I'm the descendant of the Li family, after all. I'm a master of the sword, and a master of heaven battling city. Maybe I'll get some benefits, at least a little discount." But in the end, people said that no one could get in through the back door except for the human King.
 What a pity!
 Fifty-five million divine power stones were equivalent to 1100 drops of the spring of life. If the small tree converted them, it would be 44 million pieces.
  Losing tens of millions in an instant ... Li Hao felt that it was still acceptable.
 As for the challenge ... He felt that there was no chance.
 For example, could he fight against ten puppets alone?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, little tree needed time to switch. He was thinking, could he delay?
 "Speed selection!"
 "If you don't make a choice ... I'll execute them all!" Hei Teng was getting impatient.
 Li Hao was still very honest. At this moment, he didn't try to be brave."I choose to pay a fine ..."
 Hei Teng seemed very satisfied and nodded,"Very good! It's also a very wise choice!"
 Li Hao continued,"then ... Then can I delay it?" I can use the monster plant to convert it into the spring of life, so that I can save a little ... Is this okay?"
 "Sure, within three days!"
 Li Hao heaved a sigh of relief.
 Seeing this, Qian Wanhao's eyes moved slightly."Sir, I ..."
 "You can 'T. Do you have monster plants?"
 "Or do you think that ... You can create a monster plant out of thin air in three days?" hei Teng was extremely indifferent.
 He was not an idiot.
 Li Hao had a monster plant by his side, so it was actually quite good to convert it into the spring of life. He supported this plan, but did this guy in front of him think he was an idiot?
 Can you convert it?
 Qian Wanhao's expression changed, and he did not dare to say anything.
 He looked at the puppets and finally said,""I ... I choose to pay the fine!"
 Then, he gritted his teeth and took out a storage ring. Then, he took out a large number of origin divine weapons, spring of life, divine power stones, and some other treasures.
 "My Lord ... How much ... Can these be exchanged for?"
  Hei Teng's eyes glowed red as he scanned the area. "They're all trash ... But there's a lot of them. According to the rules of the exchange office, they can be exchanged for 400000 cultivation-aiding energy stones!"  That's a lot!
 However, Qian Wanhao was on the verge of breaking down. Only 400000 Yuan?
 His fine was 1.5 million Yuan!
 This was all he had on him, except for a few treasures. As the Secretary of the Department of Commerce, he could be said to be one of the richest people in the world, but now ...
 He gritted his teeth. What else could he do?
 He had no choice!
 "Then ... Can ... Can I owe you some?" he asked slowly after some thought.
 "You can 't!"
 Hei Teng seemed to be deliberately forcing everyone."Hurry up and stop wasting time!"
 Qian Wanhao sighed and didn't say anything else. At this moment, something appeared in front of him. It was a small sword. Hei Teng took a look and nodded his head."Not bad! This is a levitating sword personally forged by Minister Lu Zhen. I didn't expect it to be in your hands. Not bad!"
 Li Hao was slightly startled. Lu Zhen?
 "This is considered a treasure. In the new martial era, it's only second to the treasures forged by the God-casting Supreme Emperor ... I'll charge you one million energy stones!"
 Qian Wanhao knew how precious this was, but he didn't expect it to be worth one million.
 This thing was somewhat similar to the sword that Li Hao had encountered last time, the one that had burst with the stream sword intent. It was a divine weapon of the nine divisions.
 However, even Qian Wanhao was unable to fully activate it.
 He didn't expect that he would be able to exchange for so much. He immediately understood that ... He might have suffered a huge loss, but what could he do now?
 In the blink of an eye, he had collected 1.4 million Yuan.
 After thinking for a while, another god weapon appeared. It was like a gold coin, shining with light. This was the God weapon that he had always used. It was different from the sword from before, it was a treasure that he kept at the bottom of his chest.
 And this was a divine weapon that he often used.
 "That's not bad." Hei Teng nodded."I'll give you 100000 Yuan. That's just enough for the fine!"
  Before Qian Wanhao could even speak, he suddenly spurted out a mouthful of blood. All of his divine weapons and treasures disappeared, and even the connection to his divine abilities was taken away, obliterating the imprint he had left behind.
 In an instant, Qian Wanhao seemed to have aged.
 He didn't say anything.
 At this moment, everyone sighed and said,""We'll ... Pay the fine!"
 At this moment, he took out all the treasures and life-saving items.
 Stupa Mountain Master even took out drops of great demon's blood essence, including his divine weapon. He took out everything, but ... It was not enough!
 It was still not enough!
 In the end, stupa Mountain master's eyes flickered as he stared at the three people from SuperPower City and said,""Sir, I ... Can I borrow something from someone else?"
 The moment he said that, he suddenly realized that it was inappropriate.
 Because at this moment ... The eyes of Li Hao and the others on the other side suddenly flickered.

 Stupa Mountain master's heart trembled!
 He wanted to save his own life and attack the three guys from the city of supers, but he forgot that ... If possible, Li Hao and the others were stronger than him!
 The three apostles from SuperPower City were also pale.
 "Students are not allowed to kill each other," hei Teng said calmly."Of course, sparring is fine, but you have to consider this carefully. If you cause any damage and knowingly violate the rules, the fine ... Will be doubled!"
 As soon as these words came out, the fire in everyone's eyes was extinguished.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If he caused more damage ... He would be finished.
 The stupa Mountain Master frowned. He had given up everything, but it was still not enough to pay the fine.
 What was this good?
 The amount of his fine was about the same as Tian Jian and the others, one million Yuan each.
 But now, even after gathering all of them, he could only gather 500000.
  "I choose to challenge him!" He sighed and looked at hei Teng.
 He had already given up!
 Otherwise, there was no other way.
 "Sure!"
 In an instant, 10 puppets appeared. Stupa Mountain Master did not say much. He armed himself and quickly took action.
 BOOM!
 With just a loud bang, he was instantly sent flying by the combined attacks of the 10 puppets. With a boom, a huge hole appeared in his chest. However, the other party didn't kill him and only heavily injured him.
 One move!
 The puppets had only joined forces to attack him, but he was severely injured.
 The stupa Mountain Master fell to the ground and kept coughing up blood.
 His face was ashen.
 At this time, the others had also gathered some treasures. The three secretaries had all gathered enough, but ... Looking at their appearance, they had even contributed some Golden Books. Clearly, they had nothing left.
 Out of the three apostles, two of them were unable to collect the money. However, they managed to collect the 200000 Yuan fine.
 At this moment, the two powerhouses who were unable to gather enough people looked at stupa Mountain Master, and finally at Li Hao and the others ...
 They knew that Li Hao had many divine energy stones.
 At this moment, a young woman from the city of superpower begged,""Governor li, lend us some divine power stones ... We promise that we won't say anything when we get out of here. We'll do whatever you want ..."
 There was no hope in challenging them.
 The only way was to borrow money.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was extremely cold. He didn't say a word and simply ignored her.
 "Governor ... We do not have any deep grudges. If you are willing to help us, it would be equivalent to helping SuperPower City. We have some status in SuperPower City. There are many powerful people from the ancient families in the city and there are millions of supers ... If you are willing to help, we can conquer the world!"
 Li Hao still ignored him.
 A fierce look flashed in their eyes. The next moment, they suddenly gritted their teeth and charged at Li Hao!
 "If you don't save us, we'll fight you to the end and destroy everything here. Let's see how you're going to make up for your losses!" He roared.
 These people had no other choice.  Perhaps this was the only way Li Hao could save them!
 Qian Wanhao and the others quickly retreated.
 They didn't want to be implicated.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, slightly frowned and glanced at hei Teng.""Someone attacked me ... Can I fight back?" he asked.
 "Yes ... Provided ... You don't destroy ..."
 The moment the other party said yes, the words "water,""fire,""metal," and "extinguish" instantly appeared. In an instant, a sword intent appeared and pierced through the heavens and the earth. As soon as the two magical powers approached Li Hao, their eyes lost focus and their spirits were instantly extinguished.
 Li Hao reached out his hand, and the divine text returned. The starry sky sword disappeared.
 "Lifeless sword intent?"
 Hei Teng seemed to have just noticed it and was a little surprised."Sword saint's inheritance?"
 It seemed to be the unique skill of star suppression city, but it was different.
 Hei Teng was surprised, but he didn't say anything. He just watched the two die and didn't care much. After all, these weren't real students, so he didn't care too much about their lives.
 In a real martial arts university, killing was not allowed under such circumstances!
 Li Hao didn't stand on ceremony. He pointed at their corpses and said,""Can I take the items of these two?"
 "Of course!"
 "The winner can take the loser's spoils ... Your sword is pretty good!" Hei Teng said calmly.
 At this moment, he seemed to be interested.""If you're willing to hand over this sword, it can be used to offset all your fine!"
 What a joke!
 How could Li Hao agree?
 He shook his head."That's impossible. This was left behind by our ancestors. As long as the sword is there, we will be there!"
 "What a joke!"
 "Sword Saint, you broke countless swords in the past," hei Teng said indifferently."Don't tell me you'll die with your sword?" The sword was only an external object! If you are willing to hand it over, I can give you a reward. "
 "No!"
 Li Hao refused. The starry sky sword was his greatest reliance. How could he hand it over?
  Hei Teng didn't say anything. It didn't matter.
 It was a fair trade.
 If you don't agree, then forget it!
 This was the rule of Yuanping martial arts university, and he would not take it by force.
 "Can you pay the fine?" he asked stupa Mountain Master.
 "I'm afraid ... I can't ..."The stupa Mountain master's face turned pale.
 "It's a pity ... Now that the vanguard Battalion has disappeared, you're not a real student either. I've given you a chance to atone for your crimes, but you can't take it ..."
 As soon as he finished speaking, he waved his hand, and stupa Mountain Master tried to escape!
 However, in the next moment, he lowered his head and looked at his chest ... His internal organs had been crushed!
 He turned his head to look at Li Hao and the others, then at hei Teng ... His expression was somewhat dejected. He had never thought that he would die Here, nor had he thought that he would die in such a manner!

 He had been killed by an existence in the ruins!
 His body fell heavily to the ground.
 All his previous treasures had disappeared and were taken away by hei Teng. They were his spoils of war.
 Li Hao and the others didn't say anything.
 The stupa Mountain master's death was not a big deal, but the way he died ... Made people feel sad. Although they were enemies, at this moment, Li Hao could also feel the coldness of the existences in these relics.
 They were not from the same era.
 In heaven battling city, those people had taken care of Li Hao, so Li Hao felt that it was very good. But today, he had seen the cruel side.
 If they couldn't pay the fine, they would die.
 There was no luck.
 "Fine!" Hei Teng looked at Li Hao again."All of you are paying the fine with life essence?"
  "Yes!"
 "Very good. Three days later, I want to see all of you being fined!"
 After saying that, he looked at Li Hao and seemed to be hesitating.
 "You're from the military?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao's eyes flickered. He nodded, and his golden armor appeared. "I'm from the heaven battling Army!"
 "The heaven-battling Army ..."
 "The inheritance of venerable sword, heaven battling city ... It's also a branch of the venerable sovereign. There's also another descendant of the venerable sovereign ... And the guards of the great sovereign's Palace ..." Hei Teng sighed.
 He looked at these people, and then at hou Xiaochen, "There's also the sovereign's inheritance from the first military school ..."
 This group of people actually all had powerful backgrounds.
 Of course, it was useless no matter how powerful his background was.
 This was not any other place. However, these people were involved in a wide range of things, especially Emperor Cang, the celestial Thearch, the longevity Swordmaster, the God-splitting Emperor, and even the blood Emperor ...
 It had to be said that even he was somewhat hesitant.
 However, after thinking about it, it was nothing. These people had just collected a large number of energy stones and could afford to pay the fine.
 Li Hao and the others didn't say anything.
 In the blink of an eye, three more people died.
 In this place, there was no safety to speak of. They could die at any time, which made them very helpless. It was really hard to say if they could make it out alive this time.
 "Alright, the issue of the fine has come to an end for now!"
 At this moment, hei Teng spoke again,"since all of you have entered Yuanping martial arts university, it's luck, but also a disaster!" Whether it's a blessing or a curse, it's all up to you ..."
 Everyone shivered and listened in silence.
 "Yuanping martial arts university was established here for many reasons. The most important point was that this place had sufficient energy. Later on, the world changed, the Stargate was sealed, and the energy in the land of Silver Moon instantly declined ..."
 "In the blink of an eye, this place has entered the end of the martial world!"  He looked at the crowd."However, Yuanping martial arts university has a great responsibility. In the past, it was set up to cultivate top powerhouses for the frontline ... Today, the world has been sealed. You are not considered real students now ... If you want to become real students, you need to go through an assessment!"
 Li Hao immediately frowned."Reporting, what if ... I don't pass the assessment? or ... I don't want to participate in the assessment?"
 "That's the invader!"
 "The fine was just a small punishment," hei Teng said indifferently. Only by successfully passing the examination and becoming an official student can you leave this place. Otherwise ... The Academy will continue to be sealed ... I won't punish you anymore, but ... Don't even think about leaving!"
 Everyone's expression changed when they heard this.
 Unable to leave!
 "This is what all newcomers must go through when they first join a martial arts university ... I'm not trying to pick on you!"
 He said calmly,"Yuanping martial arts university has a higher starting point. In the past, only those who are half a step to Paragon could join. Although you guys are not as good ... The gap is not too big. I'm not making things difficult for you!"
 "As long as you pass the three tests, you can join!"
 Three stages!
 Li Hao's head hurt."Then ..."
 "There's no need to bargain. You have the inheritance of venerable sword, but you have to understand that there were many people who joined the martial arts university after venerable sovereigns. There were even a bunch of direct descendants, not to mention you, who are only a descendant ..."
 After so many years, his bloodline was so thin, and he still wanted to get in through the back door?
 In the past, even if the venerable sovereign's son came, he would still have to take the exam!
 He didn't bother to say more."If you refuse to take the exam ... You will be regarded as an invader and will be killed immediately!"
 Fine!
 There was no way to say!
 Li Hao and the others were all nervous. What was this exam about?
 Fight?
 Or challenge?
  Just as they were thinking, the next moment, everyone suddenly moved and disappeared from the field. In the blink of an eye, they appeared in a classroom. At this moment, everyone had one seat, including Black Panther and little tree.
 In an instant, a test paper appeared in front of them.
 "This is the first stage of the martial arts university entrance exam, the literature exam!"
 “……”
 Everyone was stunned!
 Li Hao was also stunned. Literature exam?
 That's right, a test paper appeared in front of him. Upon closer inspection ... Oh, it really was a cultural Subject Test. He couldn't believe it.
 "As a student of a martial arts university, you're well-versed in both literature and martial arts. You have no future if you're just a martial artist! Even the human King had to pass the martial Sciences exam before he could enter Magic City martial Sciences University! Especially the one from the Ministry of Education, he places more emphasis on cultural studies ... You all ... Need to pass the cultural studies exam!"
 Li Hao felt a headache coming on. At this moment, Hong Yitang took a look at the test paper and frowned."Reporting, times have changed. Some of the questions on this ... We have no way of knowing. "Examinations aren't always biased. As an educational heritage, it should be universal and not remote. Deliberately making things difficult for the examinees is just a formality."
 Li Hao also picked up the test paper and glanced at it. He felt dizzy. What the hell?

 Even if he knew how to write in the ancient language, the others would be in trouble. More importantly, he was stumped by many of the questions.
 Of course, he had read many ancient books and knew some of them.
 For example, he had heard of things like the Sanjiao gate and even the origin Dao when it came to calculating vitality.
 But ... Could this thing get him any marks?
 He did not expect that he would take the exam after dropping out of school.
 Hei Teng looked at Hong Yitang and thought for a while. He nodded slightly as if he agreed,""What you said makes sense. Education should keep up with the times! The times are different ... Well, let's make it simple. Each of you will explain your own martial Dao! I'll give the score! What was martial arts? What was the core? What was the goal? "All of this can be described at will ... I don't understand the specific people's livelihood in this era, so I can't make a judgment ... So, for this examination, these can be put aside."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Everyone heaved a sigh of relief!
 It was still alright!
 Otherwise, they would be in big trouble. Who the hell would know how to write these test papers?
 As for explaining the martial Dao, everyone had their own ideas. The answer to this was not fixed. It all depended on whether hei Teng would deliberately deduct points.
  "Reporting, how many points ... To pass?"
 "There's only passing and failing!"
 Everyone understood.
 At this moment, the nine powerhouses, a tree and a dog, were all sitting obediently. They were helpless and could only take the test obediently.
 A pen and paper appeared in his hands ...
 The Black Panther was confused and innocent. It looked at hei Teng. Seeing the Black Panther's gaze, hei Teng said indifferently,"The demon race also has martial arts. If you can't write ..."
 He thought for a moment and said,"you can use your spiritual power to explain it. However, after becoming a monster race venerable sovereign, you can't write. Fortunately, it's not the new martial era. Otherwise, I'm afraid you won't have a good end!"
 As for why he didn't have a good ending?
 The ancestor of this fellow's ancestor had tried it in the past and was locked up in a small black room. He studied for countless years and it was a very miserable period of time.
 As for little tree, hei Teng also glanced at him.""As a monster plant and the only origin path cultivator present, you should have only inherited the previous generation's monster plant path ... Use your mental energy to explain your thoughts!"
 He was like a teacher, sitting on the podium and looking at the students below, as if he really wanted to listen to their explanation of the great Dao.
 This scene also made everyone feel awkward.
 However, they were helpless and could only do as they were told.
 The Black Panther barked, but it was just a dog's bark. It seemed to be saying that it didn't even know how to use its spiritual power. The black Phoenix seemed to be a little disdainful. "Don't say that you don't know how to ... Forget it, then use the demon language. I can understand even if you bark like a dog!"
  This hei Teng seemed to be quite extraordinary.  Li Hao and the others didn't know what to write. After some thought, they made up their minds and began to write. This was clearly an extremely dangerous and terrifying place, but at this moment, they began to write like students. For many people ... This was simply unbelievable.
 Little tree's spirit energy fluctuated, while the Black Panther kept barking.
 Hei Teng would nod and shake his head at times. No one knew if he understood what he said.
 At that moment, hou Xiaochen suddenly laughed,"Fortunately, the southern Fist isn't here ..."
 "No whispering!"
 "Silence!" Hei Teng said coldly.
 Hou Xiaochen was a little embarrassed. He was just expressing his feelings, yet he was being reprimanded. At that moment, he felt like laughing. How interesting.
 How many years had it been?
 When had there ever been such a thing?
 However, no one spoke again. They all lowered their heads and bent over the table to write. After about half an hour ... Everyone also started writing.
 The exam papers all flew up and landed in hei Teng's hands.
 He checked them one by one, looking very serious.
 After a while, he glanced at everyone and finally looked at Li Hao.""Your martial arts ... Why is it different from others?"
  Li Hao said in a deep voice,"the path leads to the same destination. It's just that the path is different. There's no problem with me doing this. As you can see, senior, I'm not weak. This is a different era. I don't have to walk the path of ancient martial arts ..."
 "That makes sense," hei Teng said after some thought,"I'll give you a pass!"
 Then, he looked at Hong Yitang."You remind me of someone. Even though the difference is huge ... It's a good thing that you have the heart. You've passed!"
 He then looked at sky sword."You're very pure. Although, in my opinion, you're more like a pure martial artist ... Perhaps a Military Academy would be more suitable for you ... But ... It's still okay. I'll consider it a pass!"
 Letting out a sigh of relief, Tian Jian turned to look at hou Xiaochen. This time, he was a little hesitant,"You have too many thoughts. Your thoughts are a little messy and conservative ... You have to understand that the soul-splitting Spear's will is a very pure Spear's will! If you exchange with this swordsman ... You might get a good result! Forget it, I'll consider it a pass!"
 Hou Xiaochen felt a bit awkward, but he didn't say anything.
 In the end, he looked at Qian Wanhao and the others. He frowned slightly and pointed at Qian Wanhao."Perhaps you're intentionally trying to match my expectations ... And it's slightly different from what I've sensed, but ... An exam is just an exam. It's fine if you're just trying to be clever, as long as you didn't cheat, you'll pass!"
 Qian Wanhao heaved a sigh of relief!
 Yes, he had used a trick.
 He knew some of the personalities of these powerhouses from the ancient civilization, so the martial arts he elaborated on was actually ... Some ideas from 80 years ago. Yes, this was actually his idea, but that was the idea of overthrowing the royal family 80 years ago.

 As expected, when the other party felt that he could pass, he knew it.
 "You ..."
 At this moment, hei Teng pointed at Hu mingfa from the criminal Division, seemingly a little displeased."You said that you're a law-enforcement officer, and that you're based on the law. However, every word you say is about social classes ... The law and social classes are contradictory and nonsensical! You failed!"
 Hu mingfa's expression changed drastically!
 Black Phoenix ignored him and looked at the remaining man from SuperPower City. He frowned and said,""He has completely inherited the Dao of neo martial arts without any innovation or change. However, the origin has already dissipated, so there is no future to speak of! You failed!"
 God Art's face changed and he said,""But ... But this monster plant is also an essence ..."
 "It has the origin source Dao, so it can continue, you stupid guy!"
 "You failed!" Hei Teng snorted.
 The apostles of the city of superpower were also pale. If they did not pass and could not become students, did that mean ... They would never be able to leave?
 The good thing was that even if he didn't pass, he wouldn't die.
  The two secretaries of the Meritorious Service division and foreign etiquette division also looked at hei Teng in anticipation.
 Hei Teng was silent for a moment."The two of you are just following the rules. There's nothing special about you, and there's nothing too big about you. You can pass or not ... You could have passed, but you could have ... But ... Now ... Many people have passed. You have failed!"
 The two's faces changed!
 What was this?
 "My Lord, this ... Since we can pass or not ... Then ... Isn't this unfair?"
 "On the contrary, it's very fair!" Hei Teng said calmly. Because this is a top academy, not some trash Academy. The two of you are not qualified!"
 "You are a cultivator of the origin path ... Explain the origin, pass!"
 He then looked at Black Panther."You're too lazy to do anything, and your ancestor ... Forget it, your ancestor was also one of the venerable sovereigns. Don't mention it lightly ... You've failed!"
 ,m Heibao became anxious!  I failed?
 Then I won't be able to get out either?
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 "Shut up!"
 Black Panther was scared, but he was still in despair. He looked at Li Hao. I didn't pass. What should I do?
 Little tree actually passed!
 In this match, five people passed and a tree passed.
 The next moment, the world spun again, and everyone turned pale with shock. How did he do it?
 "Martial arts university students also need to have real ability!"
 At this moment, six puppets appeared in the field.
 "I've adjusted my strength to be on par with yours. It's the new martial era. For a normal martial artist, defeating one of your peers is considered a pass, defeating two is considered good, and defeating three ... Is considered excellent!"
 "Those who pass will enter the next stage! Those who are good will receive a reward, and those who are outstanding will receive a special reward!"
 The eyes of Li Hao and the others flickered.
 Same rank?
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Who here wasn't the best of their generation? it shouldn't be a problem for someone of the same level as him, right?  "Can we ... Let one of them go first?" Li Hao asked."Then ... Let's try and increase the number of people?"
 "Yes. Puppets don't know fatigue, so they won't exhaust themselves too much. They can be replenished at any time without affecting their battle prowess!"
 Li Hao heaved a sigh of relief. In that case, he could try challenging one person, and if he could, he could add more people.
 At that moment, Tian Jian directly stood out. "I'll go first!"
 He also did not pass on his responsibility and directly stood out.
 In an instant, a puppet appeared and slashed at Tian Jian with its sword. Tian Jian also let out a low cry and his huge sword swept across the sky with a loud boom!
 At this moment, Tian Jian was also fearless. He struck out crazily one after another!
 The sword essence was magnificent and overbearing!
 In the blink of an eye, the puppet was forced to retreat.
 "Another one!"
 A second Golem swiftly appeared. The two of them joined forces, and rumbling sounds rang out. Hei Teng simply watched on silently, not making any movements.
 After a while, Tian Jian's sword strike sent a puppet flying. The puppet was defeated and no longer participated. After waiting for a while, Tian Jian's sword strike sent the second puppet flying.
 It seemed easy, but Tian Jian had not called for a third person.
 Now that he had stopped, everyone could see the situation clearly. Tian Jian's body was covered in sword wounds, and blood was flowing out like a river. He was panting and frowning, clearly feeling that it was a little embarrassing to defeat two puppets.
 These were just two puppets with ordinary combat power from the ancient martial era.
 But he almost died!
 "Be careful. He's very strong ... It's best to come one by one!"
 Tian Jian immediately retreated and transmitted a message to the others. The puppets were very powerful, and he was actually struggling to take on two of them.
 Li Hao and the others didn't say anything.
 They all walked out.
 "Let's start with one!"
 In an instant, a few puppets appeared, one for each person.
  Li Hao didn't waste any words. He displayed his magical power and slashed out, but the other party disappeared in an instant. Li Hao's expression changed slightly. So fast!
 He could be considered to have five elements at the moment, so it was a little difficult for him to improve it. However, hei Teng wouldn't give him a four-elemental sacred art. This puppet also had five elements.
 In the blink of an eye, Li Hao and his opponent had exchanged dozens of sword moves.
 With a bang, Li Hao took a step back in disbelief!
 I can't even F * cking beat a single one of them?
 How was that possible?
 I still wanted to fight one against three!
 Li Hao's thoughts changed. He thought of something and frowned. The next moment, his sword aura suddenly burst out. This time, it wasn't mainly sword intent, but various kinds of auras!
 Shi, you can't be?
 The divine runes appeared, and wind, Thunder, water, and fire erupted. As expected, the puppet was greatly restricted. With a loud boom, lightning appeared, and the next moment, a fierce tiger grabbed the puppet and sent it flying!

 "Again!"
 In an instant, two puppets appeared. This time, it wasn't just one joining in, but two attacking at the same time!
 In other directions, the battle was also booming!
 Hei Teng had been silently observing them. He looked at the sapling, and when he saw the sapling summoning the Imperial Palace ... He couldn't help but shout,""You pass ... You're outstanding, but you ..."
 You're cheating!
 In this situation, who could resist a corner of the Imperial Palace?
 However, he didn't say that he couldn't do that. Furthermore, the projection of the Imperial Palace was also inherited by the other party ... There was no way to say.
 Hei Teng cursed in his heart. This cheater!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Little tree also retreated obediently. He had no choice. If they really fought, he could not win against the puppet, so he could only use his trump card.
  The unluckiest ones were probably two people.
 Hou Xiaochen and Qian Wanhao ... Qian Wanhao had just broken through to four-elemental god art, while hou Xiaochen had just broken through to the next level. The two of them were much stronger than before, which was usually a good thing, but right now ... The opponent they were facing was even stronger!
 In the blink of an eye, Qian Wanhao had been defeated!
 As for hou Xiaochen, just as he was about to be pushed back, he suddenly let out an angry roar. With a crack, divine power surged out, and he sent the puppet flying with a single strike.
 "What?" hei Teng was a little displeased."A breakthrough at the last minute ... Forget it, I guess it counts!"
 Hou Xiaochen had broken yet another lock, which was considered cheating. However, there were no rules that prevented people from breaking through at the last minute.
 Hou Xiaochen didn't say anything. After destroying one puppet, he chose to stop. His expression was quite unsightly, but he didn't say anything. He could continue to challenge two or even three people.
 But ... At this moment, he felt very humiliated.
 He had almost lost.
 Not far away, Qian Wanhao was even more dejected. He had lost, and it was obvious that he was probably the only one who couldn't pass this test. He was extremely depressed, and he looked at Li Hao and the others with a helpless expression.
 These fellows were indeed very strong. They were probably stronger than him even if they were of the same strength, but ... Why were they so unwilling to accept this!
 He sighed in his heart. Did he really have to be trapped here for the rest of his life?
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was a little addicted to the game.
 p Divine runes kept appearing.  He realized that the puppets did not seem to be able to resist the divine runes. The puppets seemed to be unable to react to the divine runes 'movement, which made him overjoyed. At that moment, three puppets had surrounded him.
 Hei Teng observed silently for a while.
 But it was different!
 Energy, Qi, blood, mind, and even mind power were integrated into it, and a unique Dao was added to it.
 It was a little surprising!
 Hong Yitang was also interesting. He was different from Li Hao, but he also had that special character. However ... It seemed to be formed from a single character. Strange. These two were on the same path, but not exactly.
 It was all getting interesting!
 After a while, the three puppets were sent flying by Li Hao. Panting, Hong Yitang forced the three puppets back and shook his head helplessly. He had used another trick.
 Just like Li Hao, they were defeated because the puppets did not understand the divine text.
 "Not bad!"
 "It's better than I expected," hei Teng said."You've managed to play a new trick on the secret art of star suppression city ... It's not bad!"
 "Three outstanding, one good, one ordinary, and one failed!"
  Tian Jian had defeated two puppets, which was considered good, but hou Xiaochen had only defeated one, which was considered normal.
 At this time, the few of them were looking forward to it.
 What was the third stage?
 Also, what was the special reward?
 "The third stage is very simple ..."
 At this moment, hei Teng seemed to be smiling,"you've passed. You're now official students of Yuanping martial arts university! If you don't pass ... Then you can be eliminated!"
 The next moment, he announced the content of the third Test.
 Li Hao and the others were all slightly stunned.
 [PS: let me think about the third stage. I haven't made it up yet.]

 (Double monthly votes after 12 o' clock. Remember to vote after 12 o' clock. Don't waste it.)
 The first round was the written exam, and the second round was the combat exam.
 However, the words that hei Teng said in the third round caused them to be a little dazed.
 "Enter!"
 Hei Teng waved his hand, and a door seemed to appear in front of everyone."After entering, four people and one demon will walk out as martial arts university students. You can leave at any time. If you can't walk out ... Then all of you can stay!"
 Li Hao looked at the transparent door and frowned.""Where does this door lead to?"
 "The battlefield!"
 "You're all official students now that you've left the battlefield," hei Teng said calmly."Go in!"
 The battlefield?
 Therefore, the third stage was a battlefield ... Where was the battlefield?
  Li Hao didn't understand.
 It was strange that this place could be connected to a battlefield.
 "Is it ... Dangerous inside?"
 "Of course!"
 Li Hao looked at hou Xiaochen and the others, who were frowning.
 "Who's the enemy?"hou Xiaochen asked in a low voice.
 "An enemy is an enemy. It's enough to know that they're enemies! In addition, the war regulations have been implemented ... You have to understand the meaning behind them. There is only obedience, do you understand?"
 "Go in, or else ... You can stay here forever!" Hei Teng seemed to be smiling.
 At this point, the few of them looked at each other helplessly.
 He had no choice!
 He could only go in.
 Just as the four people and one tree were about to enter, the Black Panther suddenly called out. Hei Teng said indifferently,"What are you afraid of? Would these people dare to kill you for no reason? If they kill you, it's not your fault for retaliating, but if they kill you ... Then they're guilty!"
 Obviously, Black Panther was afraid.
 Li Hao and the others are gone, what am I to do?
 One had to know that Qian Wanhao and the others were still here.
 Li Hao suddenly thought of something.""Give me all the divine power stones ... You don't have any divine power stones with you, and you don't have any treasures on you. Besides your flesh and blood, they won't get anything out of you if they kill you ... If you stay, you might be killed by others!"
 “……”
 Black Panther wanted to curse!
 But he also felt that Li Hao was right.
 It had swallowed the divine power stones. With so many divine power stones, what if the other party really took the risk out of desperation?
 Maybe he would be fine.
 Feeling helpless, it spat out some storage rings. It couldn't keep all the divine power stones it had swallowed in its stomach. In the end, it kept them in the storage ring for more convenience.
 Li Hao took the storage ring and chuckled.
 Heibao, this guy, is really greedy. Does he want to keep it for himself?
 Why do you look so unwilling?
 I haven't forgotten about you every time I cultivate.
 At the side, Qian Wanhao and the others were silent.  They had all been eliminated, but it didn't matter. The dog had been eliminated, and Li Hao's team might not be able to pass. If they stayed ... At least they wouldn't die.
 Perhaps there was still a chance and a way to leave this place.
 This ruin couldn't be sealed forever.
 It was very likely that it would activate during the second recovery.
 At that time ... Would they still stay?
 ……
 Li Hao and the others stopped thinking about it.
 Four people and a tree stepped through the door at the same time.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The door instantly disappeared.
 At this moment, hei Teng did not say a word. Everyone started to wait. Qian Wanhao and the others were also very curious about where Li Hao and the others had gone.
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the dusky world.
 Li Hao and the others instantly appeared.
 The sky seemed to be extremely dark. At this moment, they seemed to have appeared in a city.
 There was a hubbub of voices around.
 The few of them seemed to be in a barrier.
 A moment later, their eyes lit up and they regained their sight. At this moment, they seemed to be in a broken military camp.
 "Principal!"
 At this moment, while they were still in a daze, a brawny man in armor walked over. He looked at Hong Yitang and said in a deep voice,""Vice-Chancellor, there are strong enemies in all directions. I hope the city can't hold on ... Let's retreat!"
 "General, you guys go first ... We'll bring up the rear!"
 Another armored warrior walked over and looked at Tian Jian. He said in a deep voice,"General, you should leave as well ... We'll guard this place and destroy the dimensional gateway so that they can't enter the human territory!"
 Tian Jian and Hong Yitang were both a little dazed.
 What and what?
 Li Hao was also thinking about something. Someone looked at Li Hao and said in a deep voice,""You should leave too ... As the peerless heaven's favorite of this generation ... As long as you're alive, you won't have to worry about lacking firewood!"
 At this moment, another burly man walked in. He was covered in blood and grinned,""Seniors ... You're already old, and your qi and blood are waning. You'll only be sending yourselves to your deaths if you stay ... Take the students and leave! In this battle ... Even if the human race is defeated, they will not be able to walk out of here alive! Retreat!"
  He then bowed."Seniors ... Please evacuate the students!"
 At this moment, Hong Yitang frowned slightly. He wanted to say something, but he didn't know how to say it.
 This is ... A battlefield?
 An illusion?
 Or what?
 He couldn't tell for a moment, but it felt very real.
 He wanted to find out what was going on.
 Li Hao wasn't polite and directly said,""What's the situation?"
 "You've been in a coma for a few days, it's normal that you don't know!"
 The burly man who came later said in a deep voice,""Sky Gate City has raised their troops to attack. East Sunflower City is a corner of each other. There are dozens of high-ranked powerhouses. Hope City can't hold on any longer ... You new students, it's your first time on the battlefield. You don't know how strong the enemy is. All of you can go back!"

