fileno%d
ao took it, he had thought of returning it to Qi Mei staff King's disciple.
 However, there were too many things to do, and he didn't have the time to look for her.
 "Just this?"
 "Just ... Just this much."
 "The other party has given you so many benefits, don't they have any other requests?"
 The man was silent for a moment before he immediately replied,"yes!" The other party said that after the second revival, they would come out of the mountain with countless experts and even a large number of experts from the ancient civilization. They asked me to cooperate with them at that time ... They only mentioned it once and didn't say much else. They only said that the current Fengyun Pavilion is mainly in seclusion!"
 But now, the other party had come out of the mountain ahead of time!
 "There's one more thing. The other party seemed to have known that I'd made a breakthrough the last time I made a breakthrough. Not long after, they sent someone to congratulate me," the man said.
 Li Hao was deep in thought. Detect vitality?
 If the other party had been investigating all this while, they might have already known when they arrived.
  It didn't matter!
 Li Hao laughed and shouted,""Director Zhou!"
 Director Zhou walked out and Li Hao smiled,""Quickly draw up a god tier master ranking. The heavenly astral King will be ranked first, and Ying Hongyue will be ranked second ..."
 "Also, rank me fifth, slightly lower than the two from the military law Division and the Division of Administration ..."
 Director Zhou looked at him and was a little surprised.
 "Also, for Silver Moon ..." Li Hao added,"director Zhao will be ranked sixth, and you'll be ranked seventh ... As for the rest, arrange for people from other factions. Arrange for uncle-master Hong and the others to be in their twenties!"
 “……”
 Director Zhou looked at him in a daze. Li Hao laughed, "What's wrong?"
 "This ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "It's nothing. We'll continue to distribute it according to the previous channels. As for whether they want to deal with Fengyun Pavilion or not, it's up to them! Also, if they want to do something, they can only use other methods ... For example, they can show their powerful divine weapons to the world?"
 "At that time, I won't need to find them!" Li Hao laughed.
 Director Zhou took in a deep breath. This kid really knew how to play.
 "Then this person ..."
 Li Hao didn't say much. A piece of divine text entered his mind. "It's fine. Let him go and say it's a misunderstanding!"
 After saying that, he looked at the terrified man."It's just a misunderstanding. We'll just pretend that nothing happened. It's fine if the news spreads, but if it doesn't ... If you dare to spread it, you'll explode!"
 In an instant, the fire-type divine text went berserk!
 The other party grunted and spat out a mouthful of blood. He felt as if his brain had exploded and was instantly terrified to the extreme.
 Li Hao touched his head and said with a smile,""If the other party finds you ... And gives you the original version, then that's good. If they didn't find you, then forget it! If you get the original version, I'll give you a reward. If you don't ... Be careful, your head might explode at any time!"
 "We'll retreat now!"
  After saying that, Li Hao entered the room, looked at those people, and said indifferently,""There's not much of a problem with this guy. He's from the military law. However, everything that happened tonight must not be leaked out. If any information is leaked out, everyone here ... Will not be able to live!"  "Kill them all for colluding with the enemy! Three days later, you can do whatever you want, but in these three days ... It's best to keep your mouth shut!"
 "Governor!" The governor's expression changed."Governor li ... This ..."
 Li Hao laughed."You'll monitor them. Right, that guy can move freely. There's no need to monitor him. If the news leaks out ... Do you think I can kill all of you here?"
 “……”
 Silence.
 Some people were afraid, some were panicking, and some were angry.
 But ... There was no way to resist.
 Li Hao's group was too arrogant and powerful. If the news got out, they might all be killed.
 "Let's go!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. The group of people came quickly and left quickly, disappearing in an instant.
 The man who was almost beaten to death was still in a daze.
 I ... Was let go?
 But ... But what's in my head?
 He could feel that it would explode at any moment.
 It was a terrifying technique!
 Everyone present looked at him. The governor of Nanyue's face was also cold. Because of this person, they were all implicated.
 There were quite a few people present, more than twenty.
 Who knew if there were any spies?
  If the news was leaked, they would all die ... Who could bear such a price?
 The governor of southern mountains said coldly,"everyone has heard it. Whether you can do it ... I don't need to say more. Do you want to die or live? or do you think someone can protect you? you can decide for yourself! For the next three days ... Everyone should be quiet!"
 As for that person, he glanced at him and said indifferently,""I don't care who you work for, I don't care who you are ... If you bring disaster to Nanyue, I may not be able to kill you. However, Nanyue is the territory of the Division of Administration. If you want to die ... It's very easy!"
 The man remained silent.
 At this moment, someone in the conference room laughed. "Let's not talk about this. Let's just pretend that it never happened. I have to say ... He is really efficient. This happened in the morning and he came to find us at night. Do you think that Fengyun Pavilion can win against him?"
 "What I'm more concerned about is that powerful cultivators with divine abilities ... Are like chickens and ducks in his hands!"
 Someone said gloomily. Li Hao said that the man had magical powers, but in the end, he was able to render the other party unable to fight back with a single slap. This Li Hao ... What level was he at?
 Why did he feel that it was ridiculously powerful?
 In an instant, everyone fell silent.
 "I was too flustered just now. My boss is here. I actually forgot to say hello ..." Someone suddenly laughed.

 "We are under the jurisdiction of the southern governor's office," he said."Who is the southern Governor again?"
 "Oh, it's senior Southern Fist ..." He quickly smiled.
 The head of the night patrol.
 At this moment, everyone looked at him. The head of the night patrol smiled and said,""What's wrong?"
 "You ..."
 "I'm the night patrol, and the night patrol belongs to the Heavenly Star military governor's office ... I actually forgot to greet Governor li when he came. I really shouldn't have!"
 After saying that, he looked at the crowd and said indifferently,""Everyone, be quiet for the next few days! Governor li might not remember you, but I remember you all clearly, including your family, relatives, friends, and illegitimate children ..."
 Everyone was cursing madly!
 艹!
 Do you want face?
  This guy had probably come back to his senses. He had been scolding Li Hao a moment ago, but in the blink of an eye, he had sensed how terrifying Li Hao was. He was going to stick to Li Hao!
 Li Hao might only remember them, but this person knew them too well.
 Family, friends, relatives, mistress ... There was nothing he didn't know.
 A Lackey!
 Some people cursed silently, while others felt helpless. The night patrollers had always been under the command of the Heavenly Star military governor. It was just that they had been too far away before. Now, Li Hao had come and instantly displayed his unparalleled strength.
 Could this person not stick to her?
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao quickly left with his men, frowning.""Can this Fengyun Pavilion monitor our whereabouts at all times?"
 Director Zhou thought about it and shook his head."That shouldn't be the case. Even if they have such a powerful weapon, it would consume a lot of resources every time they use it. In the past, the God tier Masters Ranking was released once a month, which meant that they could only use it once a month ... They can't use it all the time!"
 The divine weapons of today were all in a sealed state. The stronger they were, the stronger the seal.
 He would have to pay a price for every use.
 "That's true!"Li Hao nodded.
 He laughed and said,"if the other party doesn't want to make the God tier masters list, then we will!" If the other party has made a move, we will also make a move! A bunch of rats, going against the star military governor's office? What are you thinking!"
 "I'll head back first and provide cultivation assistance to the martial masters ... The few of you, continue to guard the vicinity. Spread out and call me immediately if there's any problem. All of you are wearing black armor, and call me at any time within three thousand li!"
 Li Hao smiled brightly."We'll take down Fengyun Pavilion first ... It'll be best if we kill them secretly and take their treasures. They'll be of some help to me. I'm still having a headache because I don't know the specific strength of each party. If there's really such a treasure ... It's mine!"
  Everyone saw that he was full of confidence, so they didn't say anything.  He had the right to be confident.
 The key was that this guy really had some skills. He didn't waste his time as an inspector. In the blink of an eye, he found the enemy. Even director Zhou felt that this guy had the ability to be a spy.
 ……
 At this moment, in a ruin.
 The group of people busied themselves, and soon someone said,""Pavilion master, the new ranking has been compiled. Should we send it up?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Yes, but ... Regardless of whether Li Hao is first or not, as long as he ranks first, the rest will follow the order! And the Silvermoon Martial Master ... It's best if he's ranked higher. "
 "Yes!"
 Very quickly, someone took the new ranking and walked out.
 In the dark hall, a man walked out and looked at the mirror in the hall. He was a little hesitant ... Should he open it again?
 There's no need.
 It had only opened a day ago ... Only a day. It was precisely because of this that he was anxious. Li Hao's strength had increased too quickly. Not only that, but there were also some extremely special aspects.
 Activating it once would consume millions of divine power stones. To him, it was a huge consumption.
 "Forget it. No matter how fast Li Hao's progress is, it can't be that he's changing every day ..."
 He laughed. He was a little paranoid.
  It had only been a day, and he actually couldn't help but want to open it again.
 "It's a pity ... You can't unseal it completely. Otherwise, you can devour power freely and project it directly. I don't need to use the divine energy stone to activate it ..."
 The Fengyun Pavilion master disappeared again in the darkness.
 Li Hao, Li Hao!
 I'm afraid of your improvement.
 I'm really worried that you'll be able to break through the miracle and step into the pinnacle level before the second recovery. If that's the case ... With your personality, you'll probably be able to take care of some people in advance.
 After the second recovery, it was hard to say if there would be anyone else!
 "I hope ... That everything will go smoothly!"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master felt a little regretful. It was a pity that the restrictions of heaven and earth were too severe. What method did Li Hao find to cause some changes in the world?
 It must be Li Hao. Li Hao's strength improved with every transformation.

 Li Hao did not stay in Nanyue for long.
 To Li Hao, it did not matter that he had only caught the outer circle. The key was that he had found the source of the printing. As long as he could contain the source, it would be a joke if the other party wanted to print it out.
 Did he really think he was Daoist Fengyun?
 In the past, he had erected a divine monument in the forbidden Sea. The list could change at any time, and even the top experts couldn't break it. They could only let the list spread between heaven and earth, and countless people were waiting to copy it and spread it to the world at any time.
 Can you do it?
 You can try to make a divine weapon and let it stand between the heavens and earth ... If you make it tonight, it'll be gone the next day.
 No, he still needed tomorrow 's?
 If you make it, it'll probably be gone within an hour.
 The restriction of heaven and earth was the greatest asset of Li Hao and the others. No matter how strong you were, you couldn't come out.
 Unless you have the power to stabilize the world.
  Such an expert ... Forget it, stop struggling. Just wait for your death. You can do whatever you want to him. He can blow you to death with a single breath, and it's useless even if you resist.
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The star military governor's office.
 Li Hao rushed back at dawn.
 In the backyard.
 Several elders were practicing martial arts, their fists never leaving their hands. This was how they could maintain their combat strength for a long time. Li Hao didn't care. He was either killing people or on the road to killing people every day.
 Therefore, he didn't need to practice every day.
 At this moment, there was one more person.
 The heavenly Sword.
 Tian Jian came very quickly. It seemed like he had also traveled a long way and was a little tired.
 When he saw Li Hao, he didn't say anything and simply threw a secret technique book at him.
 Li Hao took it and saw that it was the thunderwind sword technique.
 "Senior ... Seized it?"
 Tian Jian looked at him silently, too lazy to say anything.
 He was not that kind of person.
 Of course, in order to get the secret skill of wind and thunder, he had also paid a price ... For example ... His own sky sword skill. Of course, this was not mentioned, and he was too lazy to mention it.
 Unlike Southern Fist, who never stopped talking, he rarely said anything.
 Tian Jian and BA Dao both had this personality.
 The northern fist could say that the little old man wasn't big, but he was full of rules and respect for the old and care for the young ... In fact, the southern Fist had been beaten up a lot.
 He considered himself the Big Brother of the southern Fist, and the southern Fist couldn't do anything to him.
 On the northern fist's side, the southern Fist was really at a disadvantage. They were a little scared when they saw each other.
 While Li Hao was thinking, someone spoke from afar,"Xiao Nan isn't here?"
 In an instant, an old man landed on the ground.
 The little old man's face was full of smiles, but in the next moment, his expression suddenly stiffened. He looked at the elders and saw Tian Jian looking at him with an indifferent expression, as if he was mocking him.  One of the six old men looked at the little old man, Northern fist.
 The man's hair was white, and Li Hao was not familiar with him. Yesterday, he only had time to say that he was a Martial Master of Silver moon's older generation. He was busy with other matters and did not have the time to inquire about the rest.
 At this moment, the white-haired old man was staring at bei Quan for a while. Bei Quan's voice was still very loud just now, but now it was like a quail trying to cover its face and escape.
 "Why are you so old?" the old man asked after looking at him for a while.
 “……”
 Bei Quan had an embarrassed look on his face as he lowered his head,""Martial uncle!"
 Martial uncle!
 "Why do you look even older than me?" the old man continued to stare at him.
 “……”
 "No... That ..."
 "If I remember correctly, you're only in your fifties, not even sixty, right?"
 Bei Quan became even more embarrassed."No, uncle. I just want to be more mature."
 "Why do you always bully He Yong?"
 The old man frowned."North and South fists come from the same source. He Yong's father is your martial uncle. Why do you keep hitting him?" I've heard about it a few times, but I didn't have the time to care about it all these years. Have you become addicted to bullying me?"
 The northern fist was usually so overbearing and arrogant.
 However, at this moment, it was extremely awkward.
 He was almost 60 years old, and he was being stared at and scolded by his martial uncle. He was also very embarrassed.
 Why is this person here?
 Li Hao was also surprised. Northern fist's martial uncle?
 The north and south fists were still considered the same?
 The southern Fist was domineering and fiery, while the northern fist was Grand and majestic. They didn't seem to be from the same school. Only then did Li Hao realize that the two had a connection.
 Bei Quan coughed."Martial uncle, I was ... I was just taking care of Junior Brother he. He's lazy and cunning. If I didn't suppress him, he would have been killed by the Wei Wu Army a few years ago."
 The old man didn't say anything more, but he still reminded,""Don't go too far. He Yong is an old man now. It's not appropriate for you to beat him up like a grandson!"
  Northern fist was helpless.
 Who said he would beat him up like a grandson?
 This grandson's strength has improved a lot when we fought last time. Now, he can't fight as a grandson anymore. He's not even as good as a son.
 This person actually came ... Really ... Unlucky!
 He glanced at Li Hao, but the latter didn't mention that this person was also here. Although there was news yesterday that the Windcloud Pavilion had appeared and the six divine abilities had been killed, he didn't think too much about it. Now he knew ... The so-called six divine abilities were actually martial masters from the previous generation of Silver Moon.
 At this moment, Li Hao also spoke."Seniors, uncle-Masters Northern fist and sky sword, please rest for a while. I've invited BA Dao, Thunderbolt kick, general Huang Yu, and chief Kong. I'll talk about business when everyone is gathered."
 Everyone frowned slightly. Tian Jian said in a deep voice,"Is it necessary? It's just a Fengyun Pavilion!"
 "I have another purpose."
 "Anyway ... I'll still need your help, seniors!" Li Hao laughed.
 Bei Quan thought for a moment."BA Dao isn't far away. If the others want to come, it'll take about three days ... Wind cloud Pavilion will release the rankings in three days. They might not be able to make it."

 Li Hao smiled."It's fine. I've already informed the provinces to send you by plane. If you're fast, you'll be there in a day."
 Everyone was stunned.
 Soon, they all cursed.
 Now that he thought about it, this guy was one of the tyrants of Heavenly Star. Even if the major provinces didn't join him, they would still help him with such a small matter.
 Who would dare to not give him face?
 It's just a small matter, and if you don't give me face ... Be careful that Li Hao will find trouble and kill you.
 A day or so was more than enough time to bring him here.
 Li Hao continued."Of the thirty-six heroes of the past, my master is currently uncontactable. The Azure light sword is with him. Senior wild blade seems to be on a mission and has yet to appear. Senior golden spear is also uncontactable ... Are there any other people alive?"
 Apart from these four, plus those who had died, was there anyone else still alive?
 Tian Jian pondered for a moment before saying,"the others are probably all dead. Some of them died a long time ago. There should be some who are still alive. However, there's a high chance that they're not on heavenstar."
  Not in heavenstar?
 "The Li Dynasty?"
 "You only know about the Li Dynasty?" Tian Jian suddenly laughed.
 Li Hao was stunned. Yes.
 "The Li Dynasty is only near the Silver Moon, and it's a barbaric dynasty located at the northern border. The Heavenly Star is the center of the world, like a basin, isolated by the mountains on all four sides. Apart from the Li Dynasty in the North, the other three sides each have their own dynasty." Bei Quan laughed.
 "However, ever since the Heavenly Star dynasty was unified and ended the era of hegemony in the Central Plains, the four dynasties no longer dared to enter the Heavenly Star region," he continued.
 "Since ancient times, heavenstar has always been at war with the four sides. Silver moon's main opponents are the barbarians from Dali. Dali is brave and skilled in battle, known for their brute force."
 "At the end of the southern continent, there is the raincloud dynasty. The waters there are well-developed, and they have a powerful navy. In the past, they fought with the South for many years."
 "At the end of the East is a desert, and at the end of the desert is the great desolation dynasty. There are many cavalrymen in the dynasty, and they are mainly cavalrymen. They are extremely powerful."
 "At the end of the West, there is a divine Kingdom ..."
 A divine Kingdom?
 Li Hao was stunned. That's it?
 He really didn't know about this.
  Bei Quan was experienced and knowledgeable, so he explained,"the God nation is quite terrifying. The people within the nation are all believers of the moon god. They're extremely terrifying and worship the moon god. With faith as the core, they are more United than the other dynasties."  "The moon goddesses?"
 Li Hao was even more confused. Where did this God come from?
 "I do know a thing or two about that," Tian Jian said indifferently."It's said that in the ancient times, there were gods in the land of the Silver Moon. The moon god was one of the best, and many people worshipped her. Later on, it seemed that he was killed by an expert from the ancient civilization ... Of course, it was only a legend. Scandinavia only worshipped the moon god after the ancient civilization was destroyed. During the ancient civilization, they didn't respect gods, and even the ancient kings didn't consider themselves gods. "
 A Kingdom that believed in gods!
 At this thought, Li Hao quickly sent a message to little tree."Senior tree, do you know about the moon goddess?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "The moon goddesses?"
 "It's said to be the name of the gods in ancient times."
 "God?"
 The little tree seemed to be looking through its own memories. After a long time, it replied,""I know a thing or two. The land of the Silver Moon is only a region of the ancient civilization. Back then, there were some local powerhouses, but they were all killed ... Could it be that the gods have awakened?"
 It was really possible!
 "It doesn't matter," the tree said quickly."Those so-called gods aren't strong. Besides, the world has changed. Even if they really recover, they'll be about the same as us. They won't be able to display their peak power in the world. Moon goddesses ... Moon goddesses ... Could they be moon demons? The land of Silver Moon ... Is actually related to this devil. "
 Li Hao slightly raised his eyebrows and said after a long while,""So ... The ancient civilization ... Is actually not a native, but ... An invader?"
  "Not really!"
 The little tree explained,"in the past, the ancient civilization's main world was silent for a period of time. At that time, the great emperor also fell into a deep sleep, causing some of his power to flow out. A new world was born near the main world. Later, the human King woke up and saw this situation. He wanted to take back this place. This is the flow of power from the main world ... But later, for some unknown reason, he left this place as a subsidiary land. "Those gods were born during that time. In fact, the land of the Silver Moon is like a projection of the origin world ..."
 Li Hao frowned but didn't say anything.
 He exited the storage ring and looked at the seniors.""In that case, if there were still people alive, they might not even be in heavenstar anymore?"
 "Right!"
 "Actually, I've only just returned to Heavenly Star not too long ago." Bei Quan nodded.
 "I've been in the Li Dynasty all this time," he said."I have to say that we have to be careful. There are many mountains there, and there are many demons there, much more than on the Heavenly Star. The people of the Li Dynasty have been fighting the demons for years, but they have also forged their tough characters. I think ... Once the chaos of the demon race is quelled, the Li Dynasty will definitely invade the Heavenly Star!"
 Silver moon's 36 males were all good at running.
 Seeing this, Li Hao didn't say anything. He looked at the elders and said,""Seniors, are there still many Silver Moon martial masters from the previous generation?"
 One of them shook his head."It was actually fine 20 years ago. There were quite a lot of them. 20 years ago, when the superpowers recovered, Silver Moon had no energy because of the extinction of superpowers. At that time, we thought of entering stellarsky city to seize some treasures ... Mainly the divine power stones. In the end, we suffered heavy losses and suffered heavy casualties. Therefore, 20 years ago, almost everyone in our generation left the martial arts world."

 "We've also heard that star is where the big mine is located. Only by seizing enough divine power stones here can we prevent the Silver Moon martial forest from declining. It's also to prevent the imperial family of the nine divisions from getting stronger and invading the Silver Moon again ..."
 At this point, the old man shook his head and did not continue.
 In that battle, a large number of martial masters from the older generation had died in battle. In the stellarsky sea, they were besieged by the nine divisions and the imperial family. The blood of the martial masters who died in battle had dyed the entire stellarsky Sea region red.
 Too many people had died!
 Of course, the martial masters of the older generation had nothing to regret, nor did they feel much hatred.
 Everyone was just serving their own Masters.
 They had come to suppress the nine divisions and the imperial family, seize the mine, and satisfy Silver moon's development. It was normal for the other party to counterattack and ambush them. If their skills were inferior, they would have nothing to say even if they died in battle.
 They had thought that the older generation of Silvermoon was strong enough to kill their way through the stars, but they realized that they had underestimated the heroes of the world.
 After that, the remaining older martial masters all chose to retreat to Silver Moon.
 Yuan Shuo's generation had only officially become the mainstream in the entire martial arts world. However, within a few years, this group of people had fallen behind the times. Superpowers had quickly become the mainstream. This also proved that it was right for them to take the initiative back then.
  The threat of superpowers was too great!
 If they had succeeded, Silver Moon would not have declined so quickly, but if they had failed, there was nothing they could do.
 He had made the right choice, but he had lost in the end.
 "Other than the six of us, there are less than twenty people in Silver Moon," the old man added.
 No more than 20 people.
 That ... Was indeed not a lot.
 But it was still okay!
 Seeing that Li Hao felt that it was not a small amount, the old man laughed. "Don't think that the martial masters of the older generation are all very powerful, and don't overestimate us. To be honest, the six of us are considered the best among them. As for the others ... Some of them have been crippled for a long time. There are no more than three people who are stronger than us."
 Li Hao frowned slightly. That was indeed too little.
 He had thought that they were all very powerful!
 "Why ..."
 "You want to ask why there are so few of them and why they are so weak?"
 The old man smiled bitterly."Silver Moon doesn't have enough resources. At this stage, we martial masters don't have enough divine power stones and spring of life, so our vitality will continue to decline. In addition, martial masters have many hidden injuries. In fact, many people were still alive in the early years ... But they all died later. Either their injuries were too severe to recover, or their vitality declined and they died of old age."
 Li Hao sighed!
 What a pity!
 When the counterattack had failed twenty years ago, Silver moon's ancient ruins had devoured a large amount of energy, causing Silver Moon to become a barren land. This had also greatly pushed Silver moon's decline.
 After a while, only these few people survived.
 "Then where do the seniors usually live?"
 "In a historical site."
 "There's still some energy in the ruins ..."Another old man said.
 "Then ... Why don't you leave Silver Moon?"
  Li Hao couldn't help but ask.  There was plenty of energy elsewhere, so he could just go there. At most, he would not come into contact with others. Even if he cultivated in secret, it would still be better than staying in Silver Moon.
 "It's one thing to be inseparable from one's homeland, and another thing ... Do you think Silver Moon is very peaceful?"
 "In the past few years, many people have tried to invade Silver Moon in advance, and we've also acted a few times. What if we all leave? If we leave after the younger generation goes out, then Silver Moon martial forest will really be gone. "
 Alright!
 Li Hao couldn't agree with their thinking, but he could understand it.
 In fact, he felt that it would be the same if he went out first and came back after becoming stronger.
 But on second thought, if they really left, what would happen if silver Moon could not defend against them?
 Moreover, his teacher was fine back then and was still alive today. Perhaps it had something to do with these people. If they had all left, his teacher might have been killed by Ying Hongyue a long time ago, and he wouldn't have his current achievements.
 After chatting with the elders for a while, Li Hao slowly obtained some information.
 At the very least, he had to know their names.
 The six old men were all men.
 As for female martial artists, there were also some from the older generation, but they were either dead or crippled. Female martial masters were rare to begin with, and even fewer had survived until now. There were even a few who had remained in Silver Moon.
 These six people did have some background.
 The uncle-master of the northern fist sect, known as the rolling Thunder fist in the past, was also a hero of a region.
 Frenzied blade's master was known as the frenzied demonic blade in the past. Li Hao did not expect that there would be a master of the 36 heroes here.
 As for the other four, they didn't have much to do with the 36 heroes.
 However, one of them surprised Li Hao. It was tie Buyi from the previous generation.
 This was not the main point. The main point was that the other party was tie Buyi's master, and stupa Mountain Master ... Was also his disciple.
 Li Hao looked at the tall old man and said after a long while,""The stupa Mountain Master ... Is ... Senior's disciple?"
 "In-name disciple!"
  The tall old man laughed heartily,""At that time, he came from the West and was defeated by Yuan Shuo. Later on, he was even hung up there ... I saw that he was quite talented and his golden body spell techniques were considered powerful. He was also young, so I began to like him ..."
 After saying that, he shook his head and did not say anything more.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had a toothache. This ... Was a grudge!
 Yes, there was a grudge.
 This was because he knew that Yuan Shuo had once broken through the defense of this generation's tie Buyi and killed him.
 This was someone else's disciple!
 Li Hao's head ached. My teacher ... Is really ...
 Seeing that Li Hao had lowered his head and was silent, the old man smiled and said,""What are you thinking? You missed your teacher and killed my disciple?"
 "This ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The old man did not care too much,"it's just a sparring session in the martial arts world. Life and death are common!" My disciple once killed a member of your five birds sect ... Of course, he wasn't called the five birds sect back then. He's your senior uncle, Yuan Shuo's senior brother. After that, Yuan Shuo's master died in the battle of the stellarsky sea. Those of us who survived received some of His grace. "

 "My ... My Grandmaster?"
 "Right!"
 "You think he's been dead for many years?" the old man laughed. "No, it was only 20 years ago. 20 years ago, he was one of the main forces in the battle in the sky Star sea. He was extremely powerful and was at the peak of the thousand warrior realm. It was naturally not worth mentioning now ... But at that time, he was already a top-tier master!"
 "Your teacher has caused so much trouble. Do you think he can live so freely and rely on himself?"
 He laughed."Your Grandmaster has always been protecting him in secret. Of course, your teacher is also aware of this. It's a pity that he died in a battle 20 years ago. Yuan Shuo has never been able to enter the universe. When your Grandmaster left, he was rather regretful."
 Li Hao was silent.
 It was a pity.
 The most valued and most talented disciple was still stuck at the breakthrough of one hundred before his death. Even though he had merged the five Forces and was comparable to a warrior of the thousand world, he was unable to break this limit. He probably felt regretful when he died.
 The elders chatted with Li Hao about the past, but they didn't have much hatred for each other.
 The grudges had almost all dissipated 20 years ago.
  In the past, the Silver Moon martial masters had internal conflicts.
 Ever since the revival of superpowers 20 years ago, infighting had become very rare. The battle in the star sea had interrupted the inheritance of the Silver Moon Martial Master. Too many people had died, and those who were still alive had lost some of their infighting spirit.
 ……
 After letting sky sword and North FiST Chat with the old people, Li Hao returned to the depths of the mansion.
 At this moment, Li Hao had arrived at the entrance of the ruins in the backyard.
 Inside the ruins, monster plant's mental energy extended out slightly, and his mental energy fluctuated,""You seem to have run into some trouble. I think I heard about the wind and cloud Pavilion, the Billboard ..."
 This guy could hear the sounds nearby when he used his spiritual power. Therefore, Li Hao usually didn't talk about business in the government office. When he did, it was just idle talk. He only talked about secrets through telepathy.
 "En!"
 "So ... I might need your help." Li Hao nodded.
 "My help?"
 "An essence clone!"
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"the Fengyun Pavilion wants to deal with me. They might have a top-notch expert. I need the help of an origin clone ... And I can't be too weak. I need at least seven types of magical powers, which is the power of a peak expert ..."
 In the ruins, the big coconut tree almost choked to death.
  "This ..."  "Otherwise, if I die ... You won't have a good ending either!" Li Hao said in a deep voice.
 The big tree didn't think much of it. 'What does your death have to do with me?'
 No matter how many people come, they will still choose to cooperate with me.
 The monster plant had blocked everyone's vital point of advancement.
 The spring of life was what they all needed.
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,'do you think that the major forces don't have any monster plants that they can cooperate with at the current stage? Both! Those who are truly rich already have a fixed target for cooperation. Do you think they will give up those monster plants that they have invested countless resources in and come to cooperate with you again?"
 The giant tree was slightly stunned.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Only someone like me, who has risen too quickly and has no goal to work with, is your choice! Silver moon's monster plants are strong, but they require too many resources. I can't provide them, but we can match them! Do you think that if the royal family or other forces take over this place, they will choose to cooperate with you? Or ... Is it better for the monster plant behind them to make a move and divide you up?"
 The giant tree was stunned again.
 "As for the three great organizations ... Who doesn't have a powerhouse behind the scenes? The only one you can choose is me, the Silver Moon Martial Master! As for the local overlords ... What a joke. It's difficult to even use divine abilities. Do you expect them to provide you with millions or even tens of millions of divine energy stones?"
 This time, the coconut tree fell into deep thought.
 Did Li Hao's words make sense?
  Too much!
 Before this, it had not considered so much. Just as Li Hao said, it had been twenty years. Everyone had already cooperated with each other. As for the weak, the coconut tree did not even bother to cooperate with them. How much benefit could they bring?
 On the other hand, Li Hao ... Had risen too quickly. Although Silver Moon had powerhouses, he wanted too many, leaving him with no other choice.
 "So, once I die ... The biggest possibility is that you'll be forgotten here, unable to recover. You can only passively wait for the second recovery to begin, and then ... Be divided up!"
 "Believe me, the other monster plants in the Heavenly Star Town ruins will definitely divide you up at the first moment! Now, all the major forces, including the imperial family of the nine divisions, are trying their best to improve their abilities. They consume a large number of divine power stones every day to create the spring of life. The other monster plants are all improving, but you ... Will continue to decline!"
 The coconut tree's heart sank!
 This was the truth!
 Li Hao had never provided it with divine power stones, and it had no way of getting in touch with the powerhouses of other forces. If this went on, the other monster plants would become stronger and stronger, while it ... Even if it did not decline, it would not be able to improve any further.
 The coconut tree looked serious."You're asking for too much. You have to know that cutting off an origin clone with Pinnacle Power ... Almost took one-third of my origin. I've already lost a lot before and I haven't been able to replenish it. If I cut off so many more ... I'm afraid I won't be able to recover without more than 30 million divine power stones ..."
 Li Hao took a deep breath."I don't want to either, but I'm in big trouble. If you know Daoist Fengyun, you should know that if they have such an inheritance, I'm afraid there are more than one or two peak six-elemental existences ... Of course, I'll try my best to fight them in the ruins where there's no one else. If I win, your clone will still be there, but if I lose ... Then there's nothing else to talk about."

 The giant tree was silent for a while before saying,""Then you'll have to give me 30 million divine power stones first. Otherwise...It's almost impossible for me to do it. If I cut too much of the origin, it'll make my original body unstable."
 Once it was destroyed, it would be even more troublesome.
 It might even affect the main body's Foundation.
 " 30 million ..."
 Li Hao's head hurt."That's too much. I can't gather that much in a short time!"
 The big tree was silent, so there was no need to say anything.
 I don't have that many treasures to replenish my consumption. I'm not stupid. If you die, won't I be in big trouble?
 Li Hao gritted his teeth."How about this? I'll definitely give you the divine power stones, but I don't have enough at the moment. I'll use some treasures as substitutes. As long as I get enough divine power stones, I'll get them back immediately!"
 "What ... Treasure?"
 The giant tree was a little curious.
  Li Hao gritted his teeth. After a long time, he unwillingly took out a huge hammer and said through gritted teeth,""The Hong family's hammer! It's one of The Guardian divine weapons of the eight great families. This thing is worth more than 30 million divine energy stones. "
 "It's only three million cultivation-aiding energy stones. Do you think ... This is worth it?"
 Li Hao gritted his teeth."Don't worry. As long as we can take them down this time, what's a mere thirty million divine energy stones?" Moreover, if you win, your origin will be restored. Not only will you not lose anything, but you will also get a total of 30 million divine stones. I will not give up the Hong family's hammer. I will get all eight divine weapons back!"
 “……”
 The giant tree's heart trembled. Hong family's Divine Hammer!
 Li Hao was right. It was not just thirty million divine power stones. It could be ten times more.
 But ... He couldn't use it.
 This thing could only be used by the Hong family.
 Of course, Li Hao might be able to do the same, and he wouldn't give up on it. It was indeed extremely precious, but ... Once Li Hao died, it might fall into his hands.
 Seeing that it still didn't reply, Li Hao was a little displeased.""Is this not enough? You're too greedy!"
 "It's not that I'm greedy. This hammer is indeed more valuable than my origin avatar, but ... I can't use it ..."The giant tree replied.
 Li Hao frowned."If I win, nothing will matter. If I die, someone will occupy the eight great families. The divine weapons of the eight great families are what everyone craves for. If you ask the other party to exchange for 30 million divine energy stones, someone will also exchange for them for you!"
 "You can't say that ..."
 Li Hao was a little angry. After a while, he gritted his teeth and said,""Then add more! I'll add 10 more powerful divine weapons. If I lose ... You'll just devour them, but before that, you're not allowed to move!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As soon as he said that, the giant tree became interested.""Divine weapon? what divine weapon?"
 Li Hao instantly took out a pile of high-level divine weapons.
 The giant tree sensed them and was a little surprised. They were all earth-rank, not bad.
 If he devoured these divine weapons, they would be worth millions of divine energy stones.
 They were all high-level divine weapons.  It couldn't absorb and digest the Hong family's hammer, but it could do with these.
 "This ... Can ... But it's not enough ..." The giant tree's heart moved.
 "Then there's no need to cooperate!"
 Li Hao said coldly,"I've already shown my sincerity. A divine weapon of the eight great families and ten earth-grade divine weapons!" Like I said, it's just a possibility of losing, not a 100% chance of losing. If you're so greedy, what's the point of cooperating?"
 " 30 million divine power stones ... If I really do have them, and with these divine weapons ... Why wouldn't I go back to Silver Moon to work with those powerful monster plants? why would I have to come to you?"
 The big tree was silent for a moment, and then his spirit fluctuated,""It's not that I'm greedy, it's just ... Forget it! Then I hope you can win. If you can defeat the enemy ... You should get 30 million divine energy stones in exchange for these ..."
 "You won't go back on your word, right?"
 Li Hao frowned."If I have the divine power Stone, I'll definitely give it to you. Are you going to take the Hong family's godly hammer out of your greed?"
 "How can that be?"
 The big tree's spirit fluctuated."It's not of much use to me. The divine energy stone is more useful to me. Why would I keep it?"
 "That's good!"
 Li Hao didn't say much. He took out his divine weapon and said,"Cut it up now and put it in your storage ring. You can take the divine weapon!"
 The giant tree was a little conflicted.
 This transaction was actually very cost-effective.
 30 million for recovery was a blind bid.
 If he really wanted to recover, ten million would be enough. Li Hao, on the other hand, didn't bargain.
 However ... After cutting it, its body would be much weaker.
 However, after giving it some thought, he felt that it did not matter. The second revival had yet to begin, and he was still in the ruins. No powerful existence would have any hope of dealing with him. If they really came, it would only be a clone.
  His true body still had the power to fight.
 As long as Li Hao could provide him with enough divine power stones before the second recovery, it was worth it to lose a little!
 The key was the godly weapons that Li Hao took out and the godly hammer of the Hong family.
 It felt that Li Hao wouldn't go back on his word if he didn't die.
 These items were worth far more than 30 million divine energy stones.
 In fact, it still wanted the Li family's divine sword ... But after thinking about it, it felt that it was almost impossible, so it could only give up.
 Soon, the tree's spiritual power disappeared.
 Then, Li Hao felt a fluctuation.
 After a long while, the giant tree's spirit seemed to be a little weak. A storage ring flew out, and his spirit fluctuated,""Don't release it normally ... Unless ... It's really the last resort, or if you release it in the ruins ..."
 Otherwise, its clone would have been crushed by the space.

 "Does this have the power of a Paragon?"
 "More or less ..." The giant tree replied.
 "Almost, how much is the difference?"
 "Don't worry. Even if I encounter a Paragon, I can still fight ... Even if I can't kill him, I can at least stall him!"
 Li Hao understood that it was probably at the peak level.
 It might be slightly stronger than little tree, but there was a limit. Little tree might not be weaker than it if he used the projection of the Imperial Palace.
 He sent his divine intent in, and sure enough, there was a mini tree inside. He sensed its strength, and it seemed to be stronger than the small tree.
 "Many thanks!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao didn't say much. He threw the godly weapons behind the door and reminded again,""Before I fail, don't absorb my divine weapon. It's easy to get divine energy stones but not divine weapons. I'm short of divine weapons now."
 "Don't worry!"
  The giant tree felt the hidden power of the Hong family's Divine Hammer and was a little excited. This was the weapon of the eight great families. In the early years, it was not qualified to play with it.
 It would be best if he could gain some insight.
 Li Hao didn't say anything more. He left quickly and decisively.
 The big tree waited for it to leave and swayed its body, somewhat happy.
 At this moment, there were still people in the ruins. Someone sensed something and quickly stepped forward, saying in a deep voice,""Venerable, you ..."
 The tree was extremely calm."It's nothing. I just asked Li Hao to provide me with some divine energy stones. When the second recovery begins, I can go out and kill him immediately!" I will avenge the HU family for you!"
 There were also some experts of the HU clan here, which was the foundation of the HU clan. As for the people of the HU clan outside, they were just people with little talent.
 However, at this moment, these people did not dare to go out.
 They could only hope that when the second revival began, the tree would take them out and restore the HU clan's glory.  What the big tree was thinking was, if his cooperation with Li Hao went well ... Should he just leave the HU family alone?
 Of course, if Li Hao died and thought that no one would cooperate with him, he would be wrong. These members of the HU family were not weak. If he released them ... He might be able to rebuild the criminal Division.
 It was just to calm Li Hao's heart so that he wouldn't let his imagination run wild.
 The big tree was somewhat at ease!
 He started to play with the Hong family's godly hammer again. It was really a treasure, but he couldn't use it. Otherwise, he wouldn't have returned it to Li Hao.
 …………
 At this moment, Li Hao solemnly walked out of the backyard.
 The next moment, he couldn't suppress the smile on his face!
 Hahaha!
 It felt so good!
 Not to mention weakening the big tree, if he found a place and threw the big tree to the small tree to devour, the small tree would definitely become stronger. Weakening the enemy and strengthening his own people, it was simply awesome!
 Moreover, the tree was weakened and its strength had declined. He was more confident in dealing with the tree.
 Li Hao knew that the seven elements were very powerful. When little tree used the projection of the Imperial Palace that day, he saw that little tree was still an undying. Even if he had not fully recovered, he was still extremely terrifying.
 But now, he had cut out a clone with supreme power, so his strength would definitely be weakened a lot.
 "However, to be able to create a Paragon clone ... The other party's original body is still extremely powerful ... It can't be weaker than the clone!"
 Li Hao touched his chin, wondering if he could trick another clone out.
 He thought about it ... Forget it, it probably wouldn't work.
  I'm not an idiot!  Cutting it once was fine, but if he lied to it again, he would really be treating the other party as a fool.
 This time, he had to use the Hong family's Divine Hammer as collateral to succeed.
 Li Hao didn't care. The other party couldn't absorb it or use it. As long as he killed the other party, it would still be his. But if he didn't kill the other party ... Then it would really be gone.
 "Senior little tree ..."
 In the storage ring, little tree was a little confused. Another problem?
 "How much power do you think that undying being can keep after he cut out an absolute beginning realm clone?"
 "They haven't fully recovered. They were probably only at the peak of the Paragon realm ... If I cut off one of their avatars ... It would probably be around the middle to late stage of the Paragon realm ..."
 "Can senior little tree deal with it?"
 "This ... Probably won't work! Unless my true body comes ..."
 "Then what if senior absorbs the other party's severed avatar?"
 "You mean ..." The small tree suddenly trembled.
 "Can senior deal with the absorption of the other party's clone?"
 "I can ... Give it a try! After I absorb their origin, I can understand their origin Dao and even find some of their flaws. Of course, I might not be their match in a real fight ... But I think I can still fight them for a while. "
 "Oh?" Li Hao understood and said,"then, if we attack together, with many martial masters who are close to the peak ... Can we kill the other party?"
 "This ..."
 Little tree thought for a while and then said,""The summit is actually a transformation, but times are different now. The great Dao of origins has disappeared. The battle power of the summit in the past was unparalleled. The key is that they can receive the support and feedback of the great Dao of origins. Furthermore, the power is endless and can be drawn and replenished at any time ... At this stage, it's not possible!"
 If it was in the past, that would be a dream. He was a cockroach that couldn't be killed. As long as you didn't kill him instantly, he would recover instantly.
 But now, if he used up too much energy, the other party would also become weak.
 "So there's still hope ... But it's very dangerous!"
 Li Hao smiled. There was hope!
 Before this, he had talked to little tree once. Little tree's meaning was ... There was no hope. The other party could kill them all. But now, there was hope.
 The change was so big!
 The sapling was somewhat expectant,'can it ... Cut the clone? If you provide him with enough divine power stones, he can recover as well. "
 "I didn't give it the divine power Stone, but it cut it!"
 "So silly?" little tree was startled.
  Li Hao wanted to say, are you talking about yourself?
 I didn't give you the divine power Stone, but you cut it and ran away with me, didn't you?
 Be it these people or demons, why can't they see themselves clearly?
 In the next moment, the small tree became excited,"then ... Then ... I ... Can ..."
 Li Hao smiled."It's just as you've thought, senior. However, we need some time. There's no rush!"
 "Alright!"
 At this moment, little tree was extremely excited. 'As expected, I made the right choice.'
 This clone of mine won't surpass my true body, right?
 If that was the case, it would be interesting to see his main body again.
 Of course, there would not be any problems if they were cut from the same source and then closed again.

 Li Hao was in a good mood after fooling the coconut tree.
 The depression caused by Fengyun Pavilion had dissipated a lot.
 For the rest of the day, Li Hao arranged for people to be busy everywhere. All he saw in stellarsky city was orders being issued from the stellarsky military governor's office.
 The central provinces quickly received the orders from the star military governor's office.
 Investigate Fengyun Pavilion!
 Anyone who is suspected to be a member of Fengyun Pavilion will be captured and brought to Heavenly Star City. Once it is confirmed, there will be a reward of 10 drops of spring of life!
 "For those in Fengyun Pavilion who turn themselves in, we will let bygones be bygones. For those who provide important information, we will reward them with 10 to 100 drops of spring of life.
 Anyone who can capture the leader of Fengyun Pavilion will be rewarded with 500 drops of spring of life.
 As soon as the order was issued, all the major forces took a deep breath.
 This is crazy!
  Who wouldn't provoke Fengyun Pavilion? to be honest, they were tempted to provoke Li Hao. 500 drops!
 They would have to prepare tens of millions of divine power stones to exchange for it.
 Of course, everyone was not stupid. This reward was not that easy to get.
 Even though they knew it wouldn't be easy to get them, some of the Rogue cultivators, god tier Masters, and regional overlords in the central continent were still searching for the source of the spring of life. Even if they couldn't catch the leader, they could still get ten drops of the spring of life.
 Of course, the Heavenly Star military governor's office had made it clear that there had to be real evidence. Otherwise, if one dared to impersonate someone, not only would the person involved be in trouble, but many people would also be implicated.
 Nowadays, many people would risk their lives for 10 drops of the spring of life.
 If you give your family 10000 divine energy stones, they would be willing to risk their lives for you. For the sake of their family or for other reasons, they would pretend to be members of Fengyun Pavilion. Even if they knew that they would die, they would still dare to do it. It all depended on whether the price was high enough.
 ……
 At the inspection Office.
 Chen Yao had also been reading the articles of the star military governor's office. It was no secret that the other party had publicly announced it.
 Chen Yao looked at it for a while and sighed.""You're really F * cking willing!"
 To be honest, this price was not something ordinary people could afford.
 However, when he thought about it, Li Hao's 3000 Yuan for one drop made him feel a little pained. The monster plant behind his family did not offer too high a price, 50000 Yuan. Some of the higher ones would even ask for 60000 Yuan.
 It was dozens of times more than Li Hao 's!
 What was he saying?
 Li Hao could exchange 100000 divine power stones for more than 30 drops. You only got two drops.
 With this in mind, Chen Yao walked to the backyard. His father was not reading this time, but playing with a one or two-year-old baby in his arms.
 Chen Yao rolled his eyes.  He really couldn't afford to lose this face.
 This is my little sister. I don't know how many times she's my younger sister. At my age, if I were outside, I'd have a granddaughter who's older than this little sister.
 The old man seemed to know what he was thinking and said,""What are you looking at? in the ancient civilization era, the strong prolong their lives and often give birth to children at the age of a thousand or ten thousand years. If you were in that era, wouldn't you have died of cowardice?"
 It was reasonable, but other people lived long, but could you live for thousands of years?
 He didn't bother to say anything more and looked into the depths of the backyard."Have you talked to the one in my house?"
 Ever since Li Hao told him about this, he had been feeling upset.
 It was too expensive!
 "We did."
 "It said ... Not a single piece less!" The old man said indifferently.
 Chen Yao's eyes flashed with a touch of anger, but it quickly became calm. He cursed in his heart. I didn't know that you bastards were so good at earning money. Everyone was about the same. At the beginning, 100000 Yuan per drop was normal.
 Later on, they lowered the price a little, and everyone was still very happy.
 However, when they found out the price Li Hao was offering ... They were no longer happy. They even felt like killing someone.
 "It's draining the pond to catch fish!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Chen Yao gnashed his teeth and sent a voice transmission."Take less. We will train more experts, expand our influence, fight for more opportunities and benefits. We will provide it with more benefits. Doesn't it understand that?"
 The old Secretary glanced at him and said leisurely,""Now, you can earn 47000 per drop. If you buy it at 10000, you can earn 7000 per drop. If you buy seven drops at the price of one drop, can you expand the amount of spring of life you need to seven times the current price?"
 If they couldn 't, why didn't they take more?
 Seven times ... Of course they could. Any more and everyone would want it. However, after thinking about it carefully, all the ruins that could be excavated had been excavated, and those that couldn't could not be excavated couldn't be excavated. Right now, everyone was incomparably apprehensive and didn't dare to rashly touch the great Heavenly Star Mine.
  Therefore, the total amount of divine power stones was still the same. In the end, most of them would still fall into the hands of others.
 Then why should I provide you with more spring of life?
 Can't I absorb more?
 Chen Yao was angry, but he also knew that everyone's hope of advancing was on monster plant. He was helpless and could only change the topic."Forget it, let's not talk about this!"
 Then, he sent another voice transmission, should we cooperate with Li Hao and ask him to provide us with some cheap spring of life? I've promised two god art users to help our people. He probably needs these ... It can be considered a Foundation for our cooperation. It should be fine to provide some to our allies, right?"
 "You try!"
 Chen Yao cursed in his heart."I'll try. I'm afraid I'll be kicked out."
 I'm looking for you because I hope you can give it a try.
 You have more face!
 In the end, Chen Yao still told her his true thoughts.""I'm thinking, isn't he going to deal with Fengyun Pavilion? I was thinking ... Why don't you keep a low profile, change your name, and sneak in to exchange for some benefits? you don't show your face much anyway, and no one will care if you disappear for a while. Even if you don't do it for me, you should at least do it for my 37 or 39 or even more younger brothers and sisters, right?"

 Chen Zhongtian was stunned and raised his head to look at him.
 It was as if this was the first time she had met her son.
 Was this even human?
 Chen Yao did not care about that. He continued,""You're very strong, he'll definitely be happy to see you help. I can 't, I have three God Arts. He doesn't need three God Arts, but you have at least four or five, right? Qi Pingjiang was at the peak of his six elements. If you said you had six elements, I would believe you! If you go, he'll definitely be willing to pay a high price!"
 "Besides, I can't just stay hidden forever. You can ... Help me out as a mercenary. While we can still fight, we can earn more. We can't just rely on this unreliable monster plant all the time, can we?"
 "Let's not talk about other things. We have so many brothers and sisters in the family. Have you calculated how much spring water of life we need to step into the God art realm? The number of children you have right now might even be more than Ying Hongyue 's!"
 "It doesn't matter if Ying Hongyue is vicious and merciless. It's fine even if a few of them die. Can you do it?"
 “……”
 As soon as these words came out, it made Chen Zhongtian a little dazed. This son was unreliable, but there were some words that he had never considered before.
 Yes, with many children, there were also troubles.
  In the past, some of his children were still young, but now, he had more than 10 adults.
 Outsiders were not reliable, but his own children were more reliable. That was why his daughter's strength was not weak when she reached adulthood. The Chen family did not cultivate many experts, but his children had invested a lot of resources.
 A few of them were close to the divine power level.
 If he wanted to step into the divine power realm and stabilize the two-elemental divine power, he would need at least 50 drops. According to the current price, it would be 2.5 million divine power stones, and this was a two-elemental divine power.
 If one was 250 Yuan, then 10 of them would be 25 million Yuan ...
 He, Chen Yao, his family members, and some experts from the inspector's office also needed to cultivate ... Almost all the benefits that the inspector's office had gained over the years had gone to waste.
 Chen Zhongtian fell into deep thought.
 Chen Yao continued,"you said that we should get closer to each other. Isn't this the best time?" "Holy sh * t, they don't care about it. If you go, they'll definitely treat it as a treasure. They're not asking for much. We'll pay ten thousand a drop. If we can buy a hundred drops at a low price, it'll only be one million ... We've saved four million divine power stones in an instant. How much can we do?"
 "Where do you work? where can you earn 4 million at one time?"
 “……”
 Chen Zhongtian looked at his son for a long time before sighing,""You've grown!"
 He had grown up to the point where he could screw his father over.
 'That's F * cking dangerous!'
 Of course, with the restrictions of heaven and earth, it wasn't to the extent of being extremely dangerous for a peak six-element cultivator.
 However, his son's words made sense.
 "That's fine ... Sigh, you're old now. You still have to go out and earn money yourself. When you were young, you've already built such a big family business. It's not even enough for you to squander!"
 Chen Yao was too lazy to say anything. It was good that she was willing to go.
 The recent financial crisis was a fact!
 Li Hao was too greedy. The imperial family of the nine divisions Palace and the other forces were all desperately strengthening their armaments. Otherwise, they would not have been so eager to enter the divine power level.
 If you cultivate for one more day and absorb more divine power stones, you can slowly strengthen your five internal organs and reduce the consumption in the end.
 But now?  No!
 You have to advance immediately. If advancing to two elements isn't enough, you have to advance to three elements. If three elements aren't enough, you have to advance to four elements. That's really getting more and more difficult by the day. The key is that your body can't take it if you advance continuously, and you'll consume more resources!
 Now, the reason why the monster plant did not relent had a lot to do with Li Hao. It was because the monster plant knew that these people had high expectations and were very eager for the spring of life. In that case, it was already good enough that they did not raise the price. It was impossible for them to lower the price!
 If the inspector's office was in a financial crisis, Chen Yao believed that the other forces were in the same situation.
 At this point, the spring of life became the most important strategic resource.
 ……
 Before the next day.
 That night, while Li Hao was still waiting for his men, BA Dao had already arrived. Thunderbolt kick and the others were still on the way and would arrive before dawn the next day.
 What Li Hao was considering now was whether he should deal with the giant tree or Fengyun Pavilion first once he advanced.
 Not only that, he even got a Billboard.
 It was not the one that he had faked, but the real one!
 The people of Fengyun Pavilion did not find him, and the news did not leak out. Of course, Li Hao was not sure if it was true. In any case, the Deputy Director of Nanyue had really obtained the Billboard.
 The other party asked director Wu to print 10000 copies and distribute them the day after tomorrow.
 At this moment, Li Hao was looking at the Billboard, his eyes flickering.
 A voice came from outside the door.
 "Governor!"
 "Come in!"
 "Yes!" Liu Long quickly entered and whispered,"someone from the inspection Office is here. He said he wants to see you. He said his name is Chen Zhongtian!"
 Li Hao's eyes flickered.
 At this moment, he glanced at the Billboard in his hand.
  Chen Zhongtian, the first Secretary of the inspection Division, the peak of six elements, ranked ninth.
 Yes, ninth.
 Chen Zhongtian ... The peak of six elements!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao's eyes flickered for a while before he said,""Let him in!"
 ……
 After a while, Chen Zhongtian entered the door.
 The old man had a Sage-like demeanor and looked refined. He smiled and said,""Governor li, we met yesterday. You're here to disturb us again today!"
 "Old Secretary Chen is too polite! Sit!"
 Li Hao pointed at the chair. Chen Zhongtian smiled and didn't hold back.
 Li Hao glanced at him and hesitated for a moment. Then, he got straight to the point."Old Secretary Chen, I have a question and I hope you can answer it for me. I'm just a little uncertain ..."

