fileno%d
... Could be really arrogant sometimes.
 Ninth brother?
 Only you would have the guts to shout.
 Besides, they were all members of the Li family. Strictly speaking, he might be the brother of your ancestor countless generations ago. You called him brother Jiu!
 Director Wang flew over.
 The 9th Division commander no longer paid attention to Li Hao or the clone. Instead, he looked at director Wang, his eyes shining as if he wanted to see through him. After a long while, he said coldly,"You are Wang Ye?"
 Director Wang was stunned. He nodded."It's me ... You ... Don't know me?"
 As he spoke, he realized something.
 Yes, his body had changed, his great Dao had collapsed, and he had also been infected with the aura of the bright star realm. It was indeed like he had changed into a different person.
 The 9th Division commander glanced at Li Hao and suddenly said in a cold voice,""You turned him into a puppet?"
  "A clone?" Li Hao was startled.
 "He has your aura on him ..."
 Li Hao came to a realization. He smiled and shook his head."No, it's just some special techniques. Besides ... He's an early stage immortal realm cultivator who has changed his body. Why would I refine him?"
 What he meant was ... There were a lot of early stage immortal realm cultivators, and they had all changed their bodies, so what was the use of refining King's wild?
 "You're right!"
 The 9th Division commander nodded his head and looked at director Wang. Director Wang was speechless. Seeing him look over, he said helplessly, "It's really me. The situation was a little special, so I didn't have time to go back and tell you."
 "We thought you were dead."
 "When you came out, the generals in the city sent you off," the ninth Division commander said calmly.
 “……”
 "The great Dao is broken, did you sense it?" Wang Ye was extremely depressed.
 "I have some feelings."
 "Since you're still alive, I'll be going back," the ninth master said calmly.
 "Don't ..."
 Li Hao smiled and said,"since you're already here, why go back?" Why was he so anxious? Brother Jiu is anxious, but the others aren 't. "
 "There are still important matters in the city!" The ninth Division commander said in a deep voice.
 "Forget it. Besides, there are two guards here. It's not brother Jiu's turn to interfere."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao chuckled. The next moment, he said telepathically,""We've found a few traitors. Your brother, li daoheng, is one of them!"
 The ninth Division commander was extremely calm. He said,""And then?"
 Li Hao was stunned. What do you mean?
 You're not surprised?  "Your brother has betrayed us and destroyed the Heavenly Star Town!"
 The ninth Division commander's tone was still calm."Everyone has their own ambitions and paths. Although we are brothers, he has his own choices ... If he betrays us, just kill him! If I encounter them, I will naturally take action. "
 Alright!
 Li Hao was also speechless. Why was this person so calm?
 He had been dead for so many years. Could it be that the existence of mental energy had made him cold-blooded? after all, he had lost his physical body.
 "I've found a way to cultivate a new Dao and help everyone recover their physical bodies. You don't care that the commanders can't be soldier souls forever, do you? In the past, I couldn't resurrect my soldier soul, but now I have a way ... Soldiers have their own Dao of soldiers, and with the armor as a vessel, there's a great chance that I can re-establish my physical body. "
 If it had been before, Li Hao would have been powerless to do anything.
 "There was a strong enemy who attacked us earlier," he added."It's highly likely that they're from the traitors 'side. Don't you care, Ninth Division commander?"
 Since he was already here, why should he go back?
 It just so happens that I still feel that our current strength is insufficient. With the addition of these several thousand heaven-battling troops, it might be very effective to help train the demon-hunter Army.
 You're already here, so how can I let you guys escape?
 The ninth Division commander looked at him and said in a deep voice,""You want to deal with those traitors?"
 "Of course!"
 Li Hao smiled."Betrayal or not, it doesn't really have much to do with me. But if you take the initiative to kill me, it has a lot to do with me!" "Moreover, they betrayed the Li family world. Whether it's for public or private reasons, I have to deal with them! Let's take advantage of this now to suppress these guys ... In case they try to do something. Actually, I'm not interested in dealing with them, but if they want to find trouble for themselves, then I won't be polite!"
 The ninth Division commander was silent for a moment."Then I can be stationed there for a period of time. However ... It can not be for too long."
 "What's the matter? you're in a hurry to go back?"
 Li Hao was a little confused. I already said that I can create physical bodies for everyone. Why are you in a hurry to go back?
 The ninth Division commander replied calmly,"of course I have something to do. There are a hundred thousand reserve guards!" "Now, only a portion of them have appeared. Recently, we have been busy reviving the others. Back then, we had left behind the entire reserve army, not just the 9th Division! Now, the energy in the land of the Silver Moon is starting to get denser. We should take this opportunity to absorb more energy and revive more Warriors!"
 "All 100000 people are here?"
  "They're all here. "
 "The commander is here too?"
 "Yes,"
 The ninth Division commander nodded."However, our commander took a risk and went out that year. He returned with serious injuries and has been in a coma for many years. I am temporarily acting as the commander. So ... Eleventh Division commander, please treat me like a superior!"
 What are you so arrogant for?
 The ninth Division commander could not stand this arrogant attitude. He was too lazy to say anything at first, but now he said,"I'm the acting commander, do you understand?"
 Li Hao smiled and didn't mind.
 He pretended he didn't hear it.
 He looked at the heaven-battling Army behind him. At this moment, they were extremely solemn, and most of them were unconscious. These people ... Might really be difficult to recover, but the few commanders could still do it. As for some of the bronze-armored company commanders, they still had a weak consciousness, and it was unknown if they could completely recover.
 He didn't say much, and turned his head to look at the Demon Hunters, shouting,"Well done! The Demon Hunter Army was born out of the heaven battling Army, and their strength was naturally not as good as the heaven battling Army, but they had to have a strong momentum! Next, we still have an important mission, and there are many things we need to solve! "If we don't solve it, then the trouble will be left to our descendants. Next, I'll have the heaven battling Army drill you ... Everyone, don't be afraid of suffering, don't be afraid of getting injured. What the neo martial era can do, we can do it too!"

 "Recently, we've derived a new cultivation technique, and city Lord Lin has shown it to everyone. Soon, the new cultivation technique will be promoted to the military! All of you have the chance to become the favored children of this era, to become mountains and seas comparable to the peak, to become the immortal sun and moon!"
 "I believe that in a few years, the reputation and prestige of the Demon Hunters will surpass that of the heaven battling Army! The era belongs to us!"
 Then, Li Hao waved his arm and shouted,""Demon hunting!"
 "Demon hunting!"
 "Demon hunting!"
 Thousands of soldiers shouted as their faces and ears turned red with excitement!
 We will surpass the heaven battling Army!
 He definitely would!
 Li Hao smiled and encouraged the soldiers so that they wouldn't be too depressed. They might not be able to compete with the heaven battling Army now, but that didn't mean they wouldn't be able to in the future.
 He then looked at Lin Hongyu and the others and shouted,""When the sky screen is completed, quickly spread the news of the new martial Dao ... The new martial Dao ... Shall be named the bright star Dao! We'll first complete the promotion in the central continent!"
  "I heard that you recorded the battle scene ... Then use it as a promotional film."
 At the side, director Wang's expression changed slightly, and he said,""Then our strength will be exposed. Be careful that the traitor will see this ..."
 "What are you afraid of?"
 Li Hao chuckled."The second recovery hasn't started yet. If they have the ability, they should recover in advance. We'll intimidate them first. The more hesitant they are, the better. Once the new martial arts are promoted, everyone will cultivate it, and the energy of the world will be instantly drained ... Let them pay a huge price to recover. Let's see if we can squeeze them dry!"
 When director Wang heard this, he didn't say anything.
 Lin Hongyu smiled sweetly."Alright, I'll arrange for someone to do it right away. Commander, what should we do if anyone else surrenders?"
 "The guilty shall be executed, and the innocent shall be released!"
 Li Hao said,""Surrender or not! In a few days, I'll send out my troops to clean up the four continents!"
 Lin Hongyu said no more.
 ……
 Li Hao also invited the ninth Division commander to enter the city with him.
 Although he was not very willing, he could not resist Li Hao's enthusiastic persuasion. The clone of the God almost wrapped him up. Although the ninth master was very dissatisfied, he had no choice. He had only come with a clone.
 As for director Wang, the 9th Division commander couldn't be bothered with him. He asked him to come out, but in the end, he changed, his aura changed, and his Dao disappeared ...
 He wanted to be a traitor and kill such a guy.
 Alright, it was just a passing thought.
 Everyone had their own aspirations. If this fellow insisted on making this choice, he had no choice.
 ……  At the same time, all parties were busy doing something.
 The death of 14 experts 'avatars did not cause too much of a stir.
 After all, not everyone knew about this.
 On the fifth day after the clones were killed, the central continent's Canopy System was finally completed. Thanks to the Research Institute's tens of thousands of canopy screens, almost every city in the central continent had one.
 On this day, early in the morning, the sky screen projected itself to the world in the central region.
 The huge sky screen reflected the void and covered the entire area.
 On this day, countless sky screens appeared in the sky above the major cities.
 This was also the first time Li Hao's appearance had appeared in front of the central continent's people. He was currently wearing golden armor, his expression calm. Gradually, Li Hao's appearance appeared in all directions.
 This was Li Hao's first time projecting himself across the entire central continent.
 "My fellow villagers, I am Li Hao from the star military governor's office! Today, star origin calendar year 1731, 11th day of the 1st month, the Heavenly Star governor's office made an important decision!"
 "Today, the world is in turmoil, and Heavenly Star is in constant internal strife. Many people have even forgotten that we still have strong enemies on our side. The four great countries around Heavenly Star are about to invade the Central Plains and devour the world! You stole my territory, killed my descendants, destroyed my city, and humiliated my wife and daughter!"
 "The rise of superpowers, the world is in turmoil, Wars are endless, the people are suffering ..."
 "In order to resist the strong enemies, in order to protect ourselves, in order to preserve the Central Plains, in order to protect our wives and daughters, in order to protect our descendants ... We can only choose to be strong!"
 "How to be self-reliant?"
 "Strengthen yourself, strengthen the country, strengthen the Army, and let the rule of darkness stay away from the stars! Tell those people in chaos to get lost!"
 "So ... It's a must to promote martial arts!"
  "Everyone should strive for self-improvement and leave their fate in their own hands! Have you ever left your home because of the supernatural turmoil? Have you ever been forced into a corner because of a transcendent being? Only when everyone practices martial arts and becomes extraordinary can we escape the fate of being at the mercy of others!"
 A loud voice resounded throughout the entire Heavenly Star region.
 In the central region, billions of people were watching the sky screen.
 There were actually some in the square continent, but there were very few of them. However, at this moment, many people were looking up at the sky. This was the first time that the land of Silver Moon was connected to some sky screens. There were not many of them, only a few dozen pieces, scattered among the 32 cities.
 At this moment, everyone was looking at the sky.
 There was a faint fire in their eyes.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com That's right, who doesn't know that only by practicing martial arts and becoming a transcendent can one resist a transcendent ... But ... Practicing martial arts is too difficult, superpowers are too difficult!
 At this moment, in the sky.
 Li Hao spoke again."Currently, martial arts schools are being built everywhere. However, due to the lack of teachers, they are not open to the public yet. However ... Everyone can cultivate on their own first. When the Academy is open to the public, there will be teachers to guide you and help you improve!"
 "After the governor's office's modification, a new martial arts technique has been derived, and everyone can cultivate it. It's called the 'air breaking technique'! There are 360 apertures in the human body. Once you open one aperture, you'll be able to cut Ten Realms!"

 "The fourth stage of the tenth realm, nine apertures for each stage, and the peak of the tenth realm is 36 apertures!"
 "Open 37 apertures and break through 100. Break through 40 layers. Each layer has 9 apertures. 72 apertures is the peak of breaking 100!"
 "When you open 73 apertures and enter the warrior dimension, you don't need to comprehend force. You enter the warrior dimension realm directly. There are three levels of warrior dimension. The first level has 36 apertures opened, 180 apertures enlightened, and you are at the peak of the warrior dimension!"
 "Above the warrior dimension is the mountain sea. There are nine levels of the mountain sea. One level has 5 apertures opened, 225 apertures opened, and there are nine levels of the mountain sea!"
 "There's still a realm above the mountains and seas, but it's still far away from you all!"
 Li Hao's voice resounded through the heavens,'the seventh layer of the mountain sea realm can resist seven types of divine abilities! Everyone could cultivate it, everyone could reach it! Entering the mountains and seas was like a divine ability! A thousand can fight against the three suns, a hundred can fight against the sun, and ten can kill the stars ... The new bright star martial Dao is much easier to cultivate than before!"
 "Today, the Heavenly Star governor's office has printed 3 million copies of the 'air breaking technique' and posted them all over Heavenly Star, distributed to the world! The whole nation has started the cultivation of neo martial arts. Whether you can seize the opportunity and soar to the sky in one go is up to you!"
 "In addition, some evil existences in the ancient civilization have been determined to overthrow the new era and have tried to destroy the star origin era several times ... The star governor's office has killed many seven-elemental ancient evil energy a few days ago! Today, I'll show it to all of you and let the people of Tianxing know the strength of our martial Dao!"
 Then, Li Hao disappeared.
 The next moment, a scene of a naval battle in the sky appeared.
  Thousands of soldiers sealed off the void as 14 experts tore through the void and punched through the space, shocking countless people.
 This ... Was this still something a human could do?
 Tearing space!
 For the first time, many people learned that space could be broken!
 In the next moment, Lin Hongyu and the others appeared. There was no one else's voice, only Lin Hongyu 's. Sixth heaven of the mountain sea realm!
 The powerful Lin Hongyu's scimitar broke through the void and killed the expert who broke through the void with one last strike.
 This scene stunned everyone.
 Could a cultivator at the 6th level of the mountain sea realm ... Be capable of slaying seven types of divine abilities?
 At that moment, whether they were superpowers or martial masters, they were all stunned.
 Countless experts!
 It was rumored that the divine ability was extremely powerful, but it turned out to be nothing more than this. Let alone two-elemental divine abilities, a large number of seven-elemental divine abilities had died here.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com And it was said that there were countless Sun Moon tier elites in the governor's office, existences that were one level higher.
 Finally, a pattern appeared.
 The 360 light spots flickered and turned into 36 Dao meridians.
 Li Hao's voice came from behind the scenes.""I've already locked down the positions of the aperture acupoints and the separation points of the Dao meridians. You can open your apertures in order without any disorder. Try to open all the martial arts colleges in the world within a month! At that time, those who are interested can enter the academy to further their studies!"
 "Don't cultivate randomly. Supers and martial masters with a Foundation can cultivate! Li Hao hopes that in this era ... Everyone can be healthy and practice martial arts not to bully the weak, but to protect themselves, to protect the country, and to strengthen their bodies!"
 "There are already tens of thousands of people in the mountains and seas of the Heavenly Star governor's office, but this power is far from enough ... There are countless heroes in the world. I hope that this time, with the promotion of martial arts, some talents will appear to protect this world with us and expel evil! Let the light once again envelop the earth!"
  At this moment, the world fell silent.  No one spoke as they looked at the light spots in the sky.
 It was a picture of a human body.
 The 360 glowing dots were even marked with numbers, starting from 1 to the end. They just had to cultivate according to the sequence. As for the Qi breaking technique, many people were illiterate, so at this moment, there were people silently reciting it. There was even one person who was circulating his Qi through his meridians, telling them how to cultivate it.
 Some of them had already sat down cross-legged, but they still couldn't help but think of that scene ...
 The scene of 14 members of the seven elements being killed in an instant.
 A female general at the 6th tier of the mountain sea realm was so intrepid that it was hard to believe. With a single slash of her blade, she had slain an expert from the ancient civilization era.
 They didn't know what a clone was. They only knew that the person was like Li Hao, who could break the void with a punch.
 ……
 Silver Moon.
 Director Zhao's eyes were wide open, and he was in a daze. He could no longer believe what he was seeing. Even though someone had come to Silver Moon and told him about this, he really did not think that Shanhai was that strong.
 But now, Lin Hongyu had proven that.
 She wasn't a pure cultivator of the 6th tier of the mountain sea realm. In fact, director Zhao could tell that this woman had opened six meridians and over 100 acupuncture points. She wasn't a pure cultivator of the 6th tier of the mountain sea realm.
 But ... Lin Hongyu's power had not reached the level of the seven elements.
 However ... The other party had still managed to kill the clone of an expert.
 And Li Hao had said that the Heavenly Star military governor's office had more than ten thousand mountains and seas ... Was that true?
 The mountains and seas were probably at the divine ability level from before.
  Over 10,000 Sacred Arts?
 And this cultivation technique ... It was too simple!
 It was to follow the 360 marked acupuncture points, operate the cultivation method like a fool, absorb energy, and then open the apertures. If he opened 360, he would be invincible?
 At this moment, director Zhao was a little lost.
 Was it really that simple?
 And ... He made it public just like that?
 ………………
 At the same time.
 The headquarters of the three great organizations and clear sky divine mountain.
 A group of experts were also looking at the sky screen. They had obtained it themselves and were not connected to Li Hao's system. However, they were also projected onto the sky screen. At this moment, the sky screen was replaying the scene of Lin Hongyu killing people.

 It was also broadcasting the details of the cultivation technique.
 After a long time, a soft laugh sounded, and a faint voice emerged,""I'm afraid that this 'air breaking technique' is even more profound than the secret technique of five birds, and it touches on even more things. That day, Yuan Shuo wasn't even willing to hand over the secret technique of five birds, but now, that idiot Li Hao has revealed it all!"
 Some people looked at the person who spoke, but no one spoke.
 Are you an idiot?
 This was absolute confidence!
 At this moment, the powerhouses were silent.
 Below, a higher-up of an organization said in a low voice,""We can't let the news spread. There must be something wrong with this cultivation technique. We can't practice it, or we'll be tricked by Li Hao!"
 "Yes, there must be a problem. It's not that simple. Opening 181 acupuncture points and you'll have the power of a god art?"
 "That's right, the path of cultivation is as difficult as ascending to the heavens! We need the spring of life to become divine powers. Li Hao didn't even mention it ... He must be harboring evil intentions!"
 “……”
  Everyone was still in disbelief.
 How could that be possible?
 Cultivation was a sacred and great thing. Be it a Martial Master or a superpower, they all required great talent, a lot of resources, and opportunities ...
 If he cultivated like this, what would he be able to cultivate?
 At the front of the crowd, Ying Hongyue didn't say anything. Instead, she followed the display on the screen and instantly lit up each and every acupuncture point on her body. The foundation was there, and there were many Dao meridians, so it wasn't too difficult at all.
 9,18,36 ...
 He silently felt and sensed it.
 Very quickly, 72!
 An aura rose up.
 He closed his eyes and did not speak. He continued to open his apertures. A large amount of spring of life flowed into his body, opening his apertures one by one. Soon, he had opened 180 apertures.
 When the 181st one was activated ... There was a loud boom!
 In comparison, 181 of them could be considered to have stepped into the divine power realm, which was the first level of the mountain sea realm.
 Originally, without a strong power of the five internal organs, there was no way to enter.
 However, at this moment ... His five internal organs did not have any fluctuations.
 A powerful and special power surged into her body and strengthened her power. Ying Hongyue's body trembled slightly. In the next moment, she punched out. The powerful fist even showed signs of tearing the void.
 Everyone was dumbfounded!
 As for Ying Hongyue, she raised her head to look at the sky. After a long time, she calmly said,"All members, change to cultivate the" air breaking technique "! Other than magical powers and sunrise, starting from the three suns, everyone has to change to a new cultivation technique. The speed must be fast!"
 At the side, Yan Luo and the others also had complicated expressions.
 After a long time, flying sword immortal suddenly laughed at himself."Ying Hongyue ... We ... What are we going to use to continue this battle?"
 The Yama was also silent. The heavenly Mountain Lord had been cultivating and opening his aperture the entire time. At this moment, he opened his eyes."Li Hao is very arrogant, but ... He is qualified to be arrogant ... If what he said is true, that the mountains and seas have broken through 10000 and that the sun and moon are countless ... The three major organizations, including clear sky divine mountain, will not be able to withstand a single blow!  "Now, unless a large number of strong avatars appear in the ancient civilization, or they immediately start a second revival ... Otherwise ... We'll be in trouble!"
 At this moment, Ying Hongyue slowly said,"A second recovery? Don't you feel it?"
 "What?"
 Energy!"
 In the next moment, everyone's faces changed. They all looked up and saw that at this moment, countless energies swept up in the world and instantly disappeared. It was unknown if there were hundreds of millions of people cultivating at this moment.
 Even though they were all very weak, in an instant, it was as if all the energy in the world had been sucked dry.
 The little bit of energy that had just been formed was instantly drained.
 At this moment, even some of the experts in the remains were interrupted from their cultivation. They could seize energy, and one person could not win against them, but ... What about ten thousand people, a hundred thousand people, or a billion people?
 "The second recovery ... Can't be activated forever?"
 Flying sword immortal muttered in fear!
 Then ... Who could rival Li Hao?
 Who could?
 Hundreds of millions of people cultivating it was just the beginning. Next, there might be a billion, or even ten billion ...
 Perhaps all the energy in the world would be sucked dry very soon, with some being created and some disappearing. At this moment, even if there was an explosion in a mine, it might be instantly extracted!
 "It will open," Ying Hongyue said calmly."The world is recovering and naturally producing energy. Cultivation won't keep extracting energy ... But the time for the second recovery will be delayed indefinitely!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Everyone was silent.
 "Then ... What should we do now?" Yama asked after a long time.
 What to do?
 Ying Hongyue was silent for a moment before she suddenly laughed."Cultivate, open the apertures, step into the mountains, seas, sun, and moon, find weak historical remains, kill ancient experts, seize treasures and energy, strengthen myself ... And then ... Think of a way!"
  What else could he do?
 Fight Li Hao and the others to the death?
 How?
 Of the fourteen seven-element cultivators, only Lin Hongyu and a few ancient civilization powerhouses came from Li Hao's side. They killed them all in an instant. What else could they do?
 …………
 On this day, the entire dynasty was in shock!
 Although the overlords had expected this, they still felt like crying when they saw Li Hao reveal the cultivation technique to the public!
 They had even exchanged for it with treasures before.
 Who would have thought that Li Hao would disclose such a powerful cultivation technique to the public?
 The heavens ... Had really changed!

 (I'll still update twice a day for the time being. My wife recently had a minor operation and has to be hospitalized for a while. I'm too busy and can't help it.)
 On January 11th, Li Hao revealed the cultivation technique to the public.
 The air breaking technique was divided into five realms: slashing ten, breaking hundred, thousand, mountain sea, and sun Moon.
 In reality, 36 meridians were merely the foundation for attribute-less meridians to Li Hao and the others. But even so, it was enough for many people to spend their entire lives pursuing.
 That day, countless people in the world began to cultivate.
 Some of them were quite talented and opened their apertures on the same day, stepping onto the path of cultivation. It was shocking.
 Some of them were martial masters, but they had opened 36 apertures in a day, which was even more shocking.
 Moreover, whether it was the ten decapitation realm or the breakthrough of a hundred, he was actually stronger than a Martial Master of the same realm back then. Naturally, he was more powerful than the superpowers back then.
 A powerful cultivation technique, but a fool's training.
 There were a population of ten billion people. Even if not all of them knew the news, on this day, there were still billions of people who received the news. From the elderly to the children who had just started to understand, they all began to try to cultivate.
  Because Li Hao was right about one thing.
 In times of chaos, only he could rely on himself and protect his family.
 What Weiguo? many people didn't have this idea yet, but protecting one's family was something that everyone understood. No matter how dark an era was, family was something that most people would find difficult to part with.
 Not for himself, but for his family, he had to work hard to cultivate.
 If one wanted to cultivate and become stronger, one had to read and be literate. Otherwise, if one couldn't understand a single word, no matter how simple the manual was, it would be difficult to cultivate it without sufficient brain power.
 Hence, on this day, thousands of Academies opened for business in various parts of the dynasty. They were not martial arts academies, but literacy classes.
 It was easy to open a class like this.
 A teacher only needed to know how to read. A class could have at least a hundred people and at most a few hundred people. At this moment, the People's desire for knowledge was unimaginable.
 They hoped that they could recognize words and know the location of the acupuncture points. Many of them could not even recognize the basic 1,2, and 3.
 It wasn't that there weren't any, but there were many.
 Even though Li Hao had numbered all the acupuncture points, and many of them were inhuman and beyond imagination, the fact was that these people didn't know numbers at all, so how could they cultivate?
 On the first day, it was not good for people to make mistakes in their cultivation. The good thing was that these people were not qualified to be possessed by the devil, because if they cultivated rashly ... They would not be able to absorb the energy at all and would not give them the opportunity to be possessed by the devil.
 However, it was a waste of effort, and there was no effect at all.
 ……
 On the same day.
 Li Hao, the governor of the stellarsky Prefecture.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This name resounded throughout the entire stellarsky continent.
 In the past, people might have heard of it but didn't care. But today, countless people were discussing it. They were all very excited.
 Li Hao, Governor li!
 A strange man who wanted to conquer the world!
 He was an extraordinary man who set up literacy classes and gave them food subsidies. It was said that the subsidies could even help with cultivation. Li Hao's requirement was simple: everyone had to be literate.
 In fact, the people knew very well who was doing this for everyone's good.
 What did Li Hao want?
 They had spent a lot of money and effort, even capturing countless supers to let them build the Academy, wasn't it to let everyone live better?  In the central region, it had already begun.
 However, there was none in the four continents!
 ……
 On this day.
 Silver Moon.
 The people were in an uproar.
 "Welcome the governor back to the Silver Moon!"
 "Zhao Shuguang, get off the stage!"
 "Governor li is from the Silver Moon, so why doesn't he take charge of the Silver Moon? To this day, Silver Moon still hangs the royal family's Golden Dragon flag, not the governor's office's fierce tiger flag!"
 "Governor li is from Silver Moon, so why don't you give priority to the literacy classes in Silver Moon? To supplement the divine rice? It's all Zhao Shuguang's doing!"
 "The Silvermoon people have never been afraid of death since ancient times! For the future generations, for the peace of the world, for the resistance against the Li Dynasty in the North...My fellow villagers, our generation has already suffered, but do we still want our future generations to do the same?"
 "Down with Zhao Shuguang!"
 "We want to cultivate, we want to wipe out illiteracy, we want to learn how to read, we want to protect our home and defend our country!"
 “……”
 On this day, starting from Silver City and spreading all the way, including white moon City, everyone was roaring and roaring!
 Why can the central continent cultivate?
 It can wipe out illiteracy?
 To supplement the divine rice?
 And we have nothing.
 On the star military governor's side, star military governor Li Hao from Silver City.
 The governor of the North, hou Xiaochen, was from the Whitemoon city.
 He Yong, the governor of the South, from yaoguang city.
 The governor of the East, Sword of Light, a Silver Moon ... No one knew where he came from, but he was a Silver Moon.
  We are all from Silvermoon, and we are all from Silvermoon. Why is it that I am one step behind?
 Zhao Shuguang must have been the one behind all this.
 This old thing had squeezed out Governor li, Governor hou, and everyone else. Even now, he was still holding the royal family's Golden Dragon flag ... Even if he knew that these officials were very powerful ...
 However, for the sake of the future generations, for the sake of the next generation not to suffer, someone still stood up and instantly triggered countless people to follow suit.
 As long as someone dared to stand out, someone would see the backbone!
 "Down with Zhao Shuguang!"
 "The Age of Revolution has arrived. We need to tear the Golden Dragon flag and hang the Tiger flag. We need to eat, we need to cultivate, we need to fight against injustice!"
 On this day, if even silver Moon was like this, one could imagine how the other places were like.
 The information in the square continent was not smooth.
 But today, too many people knew about it. It was not rare for people to travel all over the world, and the news spread too quickly. Some places even secretly contacted the central region and set up a sky screen, intending to join Li Hao.

 Everything was seen by everyone, and the news spread quickly.
 He stood up!
 Revolution!
 Governor li had said that darkness could not rule the world, and only light could welcome the future.
 Self-improvement and self-improvement were the only way out.
 If that's the case ... Even if I can't defeat a superhuman, what about ten thousand of them?
 Were superhumans not afraid of death?
 Aren't you afraid that Governor li will come after us?
 Those who committed crimes would be killed!
 These words came from the star military governor's office. Be it the world's experts, transcendents, overlords, or managers ... All sinners should be killed!
  Aren't you afraid of the tens of thousands of mountain and sea realm cultivators in the star military governor's office?
 Aren't you afraid that the expert who broke through the void would tear through the void and take your life?
 On this day, all the places in the world were in an uproar.
 The governor's mansion, the chief's mansion, the night patrolman's Yamen, the garrison headquarters, the inspection Division ...
 People were gathering everywhere.
 We want to wipe out illiteracy, we want to practice martial arts, we want divine rice ... As long as you provide us with it, we can also not rebel, no matter who becomes the Emperor. However, if you are unable to provide it ... For yourself, for your family, for your descendants ... Then we will rebel!
 On this day, the flag of the fierce tiger li was fluttering in the central continent and the four continents.
 Countless people rushed to the center!
 If he couldn't overturn it, he would escape!
 p It was good to leave their home, or ... Since they couldn't stay in the four continents, they would escape!  To the central region!
 To find a way out!
 It was just a notice, but what local Overlord, what administrative Governor, all of them wanted to cry but had no tears.
 Where could he get the divine rice?
 Where could they find so many schools and teachers to wipe out the literacy problem?
 Li Hao had mobilized hundreds of thousands of superpowers to build schools everywhere. Who had the ability to mobilize so many superpowers to do such a thing?
 He didn't use superpowers, he dared to commandeer the people, and he was about to rebel.
 Usually, why would they care about these bumpkins?
 However, what about now?
 Could he be killed?
 Could it be suppressed?
 Li Hao was going to conquer the world. At this moment, unless one was really desperate and left no way out for themselves, they would be finished if they were killed. If Li Hao really conquered the four continents, they would all be dead!
 If they dared to do so, the Army would not dare to do so either.
 I don't even dare to use superpowers!
 Li Hao was still very brutal!
 In the central region, the reckoning had already begun. The powerhouses of the four continents all knew that superpowers were slaves. Who would dare to help suppress those people now?
 Aren't you afraid of your head falling to the ground?
 Putting aside whether the tens of thousands of mountains and seas were real or fake, just the group of people in the video who had easily killed more than ten powerful individuals of the seven elements was enough to make them tremble.
 Moreover, there were only a few well-known people among them.
 None of Silver moon's top-notch martial masters had come out.
 Who knew how strong these people were?
  ……  Silver Moon Administrative Bureau.
 The noise outside was deafening.
 The sound of Zhao Shuguang being beaten down was endless. The guards outside the door were very conflicted and aggrieved.
 Silver Moon had always supported Li Hao.
 Even the Deputy Director, the Marshal, the inspector Division Secretary, and the head of the night patrol Division had all run over ... Right now, the director was the only one holding up the huge Silver Moon.
 These bastards ... They can't distinguish right from wrong and want to rebel!
 The guards wanted to kill him!
 He felt so wronged!
 Director Zhao, on the other hand, was very calm. He looked outside and was a little distracted.
 The world was in chaos before he even arrived.
 Everyone was calling Governor li, and no one cared about la Yuehan.
 The people of heavenstar were the most timid and weak. As long as they had food to eat and didn't starve to death, they would never ask for too much.
 But today ... Silver Moon could even eat his fill and wear warm clothes.
 What about the other places?
 Anyway, he couldn't live on.
 Why not ... Rebel!
 "A single spark can set a Prairie on fire ... Li Hao, it's time to start a Prairie Fire!"
 He mumbled to himself in disbelief.
 There were 99 provinces in the world, and it was unbelievably huge.
 An ordinary person would find it difficult to travel across the country in their entire life. However, Li Hao spent half a year to leave Silver City and three months to lay his Foundation in stellarsky city.
 He spent a day to let the world know that a new era had arrived!
 A cultivation technique!
 That's right, it was a cultivation technique with a few sentences.
 There weren't many heroic words, nor were there any attempts to incite the people of the various regions to rebel. However ... When news began to spread from all directions that everyone could cultivate, and the central region began to wipe out the illiteracy, there were people who rose to the heavens in a single day and entered the so-called mountain and sea realm ...
 Everyone in all directions was in an uproar!
 We can do it too!
 If they did not come into contact with martial arts and superpowers, they would not have the courage and courage to do so ...
 But today, many people had opened their first aperture.
 For the first time in his life, he felt that he was no longer a weak and weak ordinary person who was bullied. He could also become a transcendent. Everyone was a transcendent, and it was the same!
 The hierarchy had been broken!
  That's right, when ordinary people and children all opened their first aperture and stepped into the tenth slash realm, everyone's respect for transcendents instantly disappeared.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com So ... Everyone was the same!
 Do you have an extra eye and a mouth?
 No!
 One man is hard to defeat, ten, a hundred, a thousand ... Can you kill everyone in the world?
 ……
 At this moment, the world was in turmoil.
 At this moment, in an ancient city, an ancient figure who seemed to have been silent for hundreds of millions of years walked out of an ancient mansion and looked up into the sky.
 "It's a new Dao ... The luminous star martial Dao, Li Hao!"
 The god-like powerhouse muttered and sighed.

 "All the energy in the world has been consumed in an instant. The energy produced by the world should have been able to support the second recovery ... Unfortunately, it's gone."
 It was gone in an instant.
 Now, he was consuming as much as he had.
 Even if you blow up the starry mine again, it won't be of much use. It won't take too long before it's absorbed by the billions of living beings. Right now, all you can do is wait.
 What was he waiting for?
 They would wait for everyone to calm down. They would wait for the heaven and earth to produce enough energy for everyone to consume. They would wait for those people to swallow and strengthen the heaven and earth. When the experts appeared, they would see the second recovery.
 Otherwise, even if you blew up the mine, it would be useless.
 It was really ... Laughable and terrifying at the same time.
 No one expected that the process of the second resuscitation would be interrupted by a group of ordinary people.
 Isn't it laughable?
  Originally, if the great starry mine had not exploded, it was not impossible to revive it a second time. This group of people had seized two-thirds of the great starry mine back then. As long as they were willing ... They could also revive it a second time.
 However, before they could think of this, before they activated it, and before they could discuss whether they should revive themselves ... Li Hao cut off their hope.
 Save it!
 Don't waste it!
 "Now, even if you blow up three big mines, I'll suck it all dry for you.
 I can't absorb all of them by myself. A hundred million, a billion ... I'll absorb as many as you have.
 ,m The god-like man said softly,""Have Ying Hongyue and the others arrived?"  "Milord ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Someone carefully bowed and said,"No. Ying Hongyue sent a message. She said that he is currently hiding from the Heavenly Star military governor's office. He won't be coming in order to not let the Heavenly Star military governor's office discover our location."
 "He's the one who sent the message, not red robe?"the man asked indifferently.
 "It's ... It's Ying Hongyue's message!"
 "Where's Red robe?"
 "This ... The red robe seems to have disappeared ..."
 "Disappeared?"
 "Yes."
 "How did it disappear?"
 "I don't know,"
 The man was silent for a moment before chuckling.""Don't tell me ... It was eaten by Ying Hongyue?"
 "How could ..." The expression of the person beside him changed.
 He said nervously,"red robe's spiritual power is very strong. Although he's only at the peak of the seven elements according to the current world's division, he can come and go without a trace ... Ying Hongyue hasn't United her seven meridians ... How can she kill red robe?"
 The man calmly replied,"as long as I want to, I can!" "Years ago, when the human King was still weak, didn't he also complete his final attack on the catacombs to everyone's disbelief?"
 "But ... That's the human King!"  What a joke!
 To compare these people with the human King?
 Even the current Li Hao didn't deserve to be compared to the human King.
 Not to mention Ying Hongyue!
 Even if he betrayed them, even if he no longer admitted that he was a neo martial artist ... The power, horror, and ruthlessness of the neo martial artist King ... Were all objects that everyone trembled in fear.
 He was a true invincible expert, an invincible existence.
 Any enemy would eventually be cut down by the blade.
 The chaos-vanquishing saber had truly pacified the chaotic world. It didn't matter who you were, whether you were an early martial artist, the nine emperors, the four deities, or anyone else. The saber had hacked the celestial Thearch, killed the world's consciousness, and completed the unification of the world.
 "I'm just saying that it's possible for anyone to do it!"The man laughed. No one said that he could stand shoulder to shoulder with the human Emperor. "
 "Send someone to Yushan Town and inform the earth glory to be careful!" He said.
 Yushan Town, the place where the first revival began.
 There was also a powerful existence keeping watch and starting the first recovery. There used to be a mine there, but it exploded and swept through the world. The first energy recovery was drawn out.
 However, due to the restrictions of heaven and earth, the expert who was overseeing the place was still there.
 As soon as he said this, the people around him were a little shocked.""My Lord ..."
 "Go and inform them!"
 The man said softly,"if red robe is dead, it won't be safe over there." The Heavenly Star Town ... Might have fallen! The starry sky Mine has probably fallen into Li Hao's hands. Regardless of whether the tens of thousands of mountains and seas he spoke of are real or fake, Li Hao's side has many experts. If he joins forces with some of the people in the ruins ... It might be difficult to kill a Saint ... But there might still be hope!"
 There were Saints in Heavenly Star Town.
 However, after so many years, he didn't know if his physical body had recovered or not. It was hard to judge now, but there was a 99% chance that Heavenly Star Town had been lost. The plan for the second recovery had failed completely.
 The man was not too surprised.
 Things like plans were always broken.
 After all, they were people of the new martial era. Everyone knew that plans were the most unreliable thing. The human King had countless plans at every moment, and then he would break the plans himself, and then ... The enemy would not know what the human King was thinking.
  The human King didn't even know what he was thinking.
 Although Li Hao had exceeded everyone's expectations, he wasn't at the level of the human King, which would make people feel fear and despair.
 That person appeared in his mind again.
 What a terrifying existence!
 Sometimes, he wondered, if the human Emperor really returned one day ... What would everyone do?
 He couldn't do anything ... He could just die.
 What else could he do?
 After thinking for a while, she laughed and said,"Ying Hongyue also has her own plans, but ... Even if she doesn't cooperate with me, it's fine if she works with someone else or that guy near the Stargate. It's like asking a Tiger for its skin!" There's no such thing as a free lunch in this world!"
 "In the end...I can only rely on myself!"
 "Right now," he continued,"Li Hao might be intimidating us, or there might really be many experts waiting for us to attack him or take the initiative to kill him ... But no matter what, we must avoid a conflict with him at this stage."

 He understood the logic of raising a Tiger would only bring disaster.
 He was too clear!
 The human King was a ferocious Tiger raised by many people. In the end, this ferocious Tiger ate everyone. The lesson from the past was right in front of him, but he was also very helpless. Perhaps, this was the will of heaven.
 This was also heaven's counterattack!
 "Right now, the other party can attack and retreat at will ... Even if we send out our origin avatars, how many people will be appropriate? Every time, it might be a gift of spoils of war and weaken our strength ... The most important thing now is to consolidate the power of the heavens and earth!"
 The real way was to perform a second recovery as soon as possible.
 Otherwise, they would only be courting death.
 "My Lord, the second recovery is now ... Very difficult ..."
 "No, it's not difficult!"
  The man said and looked around. At this moment, many people were waiting for his orders.
 The man spoke,"this world is recovering and repairing itself!" There were deities in the West, chuwu in the North, and the forbidden Sea underground ... The revival of deities would consolidate the world! The explosion of the forbidden Sea and the explosion of the energy accumulated underground can also strengthen the world!"
 "The invasion of the beginner's level martial artists and the killing of a large number of civilians can also trigger the return of energy ... The outbreak of war and the fall of powerhouses can also trigger the return of heaven and earth energy ..."
 "There are many, many ways!"
 "There's another way," the man said softly."Restore the connection between the eight major cities and complete the reunion of the formation. Then, absorb the energy of heaven and earth to stabilize the world. This will also allow the world to reach the strength required for the second recovery!"
 There was more than one way.
 A lot of them!
 At this moment, it was not worth it to fight with Li Hao.
 Therefore, these were the only ways to break the seal and leave the ancient city. Only then could they kill Li Hao before he rose to power.
 The man looked at the sky and was silent for a moment.""Don't fight head-on with Li Hao's group! Be it to delude, threaten, or start a war! The war in heavenstar! To start a war between the four countries! The more people die, the more life force the heaven and earth will absorb, and the stronger the self-consciousness of the heaven and earth will be. It will actively trigger the stability of the heaven and earth to accommodate the strong!"  "My Lord ... This ..."
 The man turned his head and looked at the hesitating man. He said softly,""You have to understand that we ... Have no way out! Don't feel any pity, and don't need it. If you really want pity, it should have been back then! Back then, we killed hundreds of millions of people in the Silver Moon continent ... We have no other way out! The ruthlessness and power of the human King, you all know it better than I do. "
 "Is the human King dead?"
 He smiled and shook his head,"I don't know, but ... It's very likely not!" Those fellows who had secretly supported us back then had also been abandoned. After so many years, Silver Moon was still Silver Moon ... What did this mean? It means that the human King and the others might have just deviated from their course. Their plan to destroy the void was successful, causing the human King and the others to lose their direction ... But, will the human King return?"
 He looked at everyone and said,"I don't know, but maybe!" Once we return, if we can't take control of the Silver Moon and use it to escape, who can say that we can match the enemy King?"
 His voice wasn't loud, but it was cold."No one can! Even if he had to become the master of this world, he couldn 't! Facing the human King, we will die without a doubt! So, we're also seeking survival, understand? If we don't start a war, if we don't have countless casualties, we'll be the ones to die! We're not just going to start a war, we're also going to kill some people ... We're going to kill until the heavens and earth are overturned! Of course, we can't kill as fast as war, and it's very dangerous ... But no matter what, we have to start the second recovery as soon as possible, understand?"
 "Understood!"
 Everyone was shocked!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This was a group of people who had betrayed neo martial in the past. They might have something on them, or they were jealous, or unwilling, or indignant ... In short, they had betrayed neo martial and the human King at that time.
  After so many years, the world had not yet been controlled, and the original plan had been destroyed. A new path had appeared, and a new Dao master had appeared.
 All of this meant one thing ... If they did not take down Silver Moon now, they might not have a chance anymore.
 Their goal was very simple: to take control of the world and escape with Silver Moon. Silver Moon was very important, as this was a sub-world of the origin world. Once Silver Moon was controlled, there was hope of tracing back to the origin and breaking into the origin world!
 By then, the human king and emperor Cang would be dead. Only then would they have a chance to live.
 At this moment, in the distance, an expert covered in golden light said in a deep voice,""General, can the Crimson Moon land provide us with some help?"
 The man turned his head and said softly,"red robe and the others are incompetent. What help can they give us?" "The guys in the Crimson Moon land are strong, but their brains aren't working well. Their leader was sealed near the Stargate, and now they're all planning to unseal the one. Where would they find the time and energy to help us? It's better to rely on ourselves than on others ... Choosing to betray is our own choice! When the time comes, even the red moon's people will be killed! The Silver Moon is the foundation of our negotiation ... The people of the Crimson Moon hope to seize the Silver Moon and counterattack the main world, while we also need the Silver Moon to protect our lives and even dominate a region to create a new world!"
 The golden light expert was silent for a moment before nodding his head,""I understand! Then, the new Daoist techniques that have been spread recently ..."
 "That's the Dao Meridian technique. We don't have a Dao Meridian. "
 The man shook his head gently."I don't know where the universe of the great Dao is. There are no Dao meridians or coordinates. It's useless even if I learn it!" Li Hao isn't afraid that people of the new martial era will learn this technique. It's a waste of time!"

 Everyone felt a little regretful.
 "However, at this stage, even if they cultivate to the extreme, they've only touched the threshold of immortality," the man continued."The so-called nine levels of the sun and moon only have 36 Dao meridians opened, which is equivalent to the peak of the past. Now, they're only comparable to those who have just entered the immortal realm ..."
 Everyone nodded. As such, they felt much more at ease.
 They had also seen the 36 Dao meridians, but it would probably be very difficult to cultivate them completely.
 It was okay at the beginning, but it became more and more difficult as time went on.
 Even if they had never cultivated these, they could tell because they had all experienced this stage.
 The man didn't say anything more. After comforting the crowd for a while, he said,""Let's do our jobs. We've lived to this day, so we shouldn't be frightened by a small crisis and give Li Hao more trouble ... Let him understand that even the venerable sword can't do anything to us, let alone a young man like him!"
 Everyone nodded and didn't say much.
 Although that was what they said, in the past, the human King was in his early twenties and killed the celestial Thearch ... Some people had even experienced it personally. Being young was never an excuse. It was a reason to underestimate the enemy.
 In the neo martial era, with the presence of the human King, the enemy was very afraid, but they were at ease.
  However, in this era, when Li Hao appeared and quickly promoted the new martial arts ... Some people couldn't help but think of the human King.
 The man also knew.
 However, he couldn't stop everyone from thinking that way.
 Even he himself ... Wasn't he the same?
 In his heart, he also felt a little lost.
 Could it be that this was fate?
 Back then, when they sealed the Stargate, the natural source had dissipated, and the world was too weak to accommodate them. They had originally thought that perhaps the world would recover soon and they could come out, but this wait ... Had been a hundred thousand years!
 Even though they had already made arrangements and had sufficient energy, almost everyone had improved over the past 100000 years. As for him, he had even stepped into an unimaginable level.
 However ... A human King in his twenties could kill a celestial Thearch!
 No matter how strong he was, he knew that there was still a long way to go before he could reach the venerable sovereign level.
 The second revival was clearly right in front of his eyes ... He could see that he could go out and complete everything he wanted. Who would have thought that something would happen at the last moment?
 "This is really ... Laughable!"
 Sighing in his heart, he instantly disappeared.
 There was still a chance!
 Even if Li Hao and the others had reached the sun Moon tier or even higher, or even become Saints or Heavenly Kings, he would not be afraid. Time was still on his side.
 In this world, the most fearsome person was not Li Hao, but the leader of the red moon.
  Of course, it wasn't Ying Hongyue.  Instead, it was the guy who was suppressed by venerable sword and the others near the Stargate. That guy ... Was a real venerable sovereign in the past.
 However, all these years, the Stargate had been isolated from the outside world, energy had dissipated, and space had been cut apart ... He wondered how much strength that person still had.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But a venerable sovereign was a venerable sovereign!
 Even if he only had 30% of his strength, he might not be able to win.
 "Li Hao...Human King ..."
 After returning to the hall, he thought of Li Hao and the human King. After a long time, he shook his head and dismissed these thoughts.
 Don't scare yourself!
 Throughout the ages, there had only been one human King.
 Not everyone was a human King.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Heavenly Star City.
 It was not a matter of one or two days to achieve results in the spread of martial arts across the world.
 At this moment, Li Hao had no interest in talking about this to the group of people in front of him. He quickly said,""Continue to expand the Academy, set up literacy classes, and let all the monster plants in Heavenly Star Town cultivate food!"
 "The excavation of the star Mine has officially begun. The divine power stones excavated will be used for the training of the Army. Priority will be given to strengthening the Army and the students of the martial arts college!"
  "In addition, the others also have important matters to attend to!"
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"I'm going to sweep through all the remains in central heavenstar!" Capture, kill, cooperate, or annihilate them ... We must eliminate all the monster plants that are not part of the governor's manor!"
 "Search for the nine communication towers and complete the recovery of the base station's information ..."
 Li Hao said,"heavenstar is making a lot of noise right now, and the enemy won't sit by and do nothing!" I need to finish all the clean-up work as soon as possible, do the logistics, and strengthen myself. Only a peaceful country can continuously produce strong people ... War is definitely not the only way to produce strong people!"
 The loss of lives might be a catalyst for the improvement of the strong, but this was not the only way.
 Li Hao felt that it was a mistake to say that only war could produce experts.
 In times of peace and prosperity, a peaceful and powerful country would have more time, energy, and ability to nurture experts and temper themselves through war. It was not that war could only give birth to experts.
 Li Hao didn't say anything more and started to point out the generals."Sky sword, North fist, BA Dao, South fist, Chen Zhongtian, light sword, Jade Rakshasa, Thunderbolt kick, mu hai, Yao si, hou Xiaochen, Huang Yu, Kong Jie ... Follow me and clear the ruins! Yuanping martial arts university had dispatched 20 students to help! Heaven battling city's Wang Ye, reserve forces, 9th Division commander, follow me!"
 Outside the main hall, a Golden Phoenix looked over and said indifferently,""You have no right to order me to do anything!"
 Li Hao's voice was calm,"Ninth Division commander, this is not an order, but a cooperation!" If heaven battling city wants to be restored, it will need a lot of energy, and I ... Have a lot! Killing these monstrous plants, monstrous beasts, and traitors of the ancient civilization that brought chaos to the world is also what you should do! Didn't you want to point your sword at the sky, leave the Stargate, and return to neo martial? Then it's necessary to cooperate with me!"

 "I'm the master of the 11th Division, and we're colleagues. Ninth Division Master, you don't have to be so shy and petty ..."
 The ninth Division commander wanted to curse!
 Who was he talking about?
 You're talking about yourself!
 He just couldn't stand this guy's floating. This guy had been very arrogant recently. He felt that it was necessary to let Li Hao know that if he really entered the relic, he could kill his divine clone with one strike!
 What's there to be arrogant about?
 "Li Hao, you should know that remains ... Have strong and weak people! There might be powerful existences near the sky Star Island, and your God's clone might not be able to suppress all the experts!"
 "In my opinion, your clone can only display the power of a peak undying at this stage ... And a peak undying of this era at that. And undying ... Are there still a few undyings left?"
 Li Hao, you're too arrogant!
  He felt that Li Hao still needed to be taught a lesson.
 At this moment, he dared to boast shamelessly about cleaning up the remains ... He was truly ... Arrogant and despotic!
 Did he think that he could completely wipe out all the powerhouses of the ancient civilization with a group of six and seven series martial masters?
 He was too confident and arrogant!
 Moreover, the situation in the remains was unclear. If Li Hao entered rashly, he might actually encounter great danger. If there were Saints in any remains ... Li Hao would be finished.
 Were there any Saints?
 The ninth Division commander felt that there must be some.
 What if it was a ruin with a small mine?
 The mineral vein was still there, and the monster plants, monster beasts, and even the human race were still alive. Was it difficult to become a saint in 100000 years?
 Back then, the main cities of the major cities had instantly depleted their energy because they had been targeted.
 However, no one really cared about some small mineral veins.
 Li Hao nodded and suddenly smiled. He walked down the platform and cupped his hands.""It is precisely because of this that I hope to obtain the ninth master's help! A win-win cooperation! The ninth master is only an essence doppelg?nger ... Mm, if he really dies, I'll seize enough essence to help the ninth master recover!"  “……”
 So, this guy has been targeting me all this time.
 The ninth Division commander was speechless!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "In addition," Li Hao continued,"there's a traitor in the Li family. I think that Ninth Division commander and I both hope to kill the other party with our own hands! Of course, that's your brother, and the ninth master might not be willing to ... No matter what, there's nothing wrong with working together to achieve a win-win situation, and there's nothing wrong with strengthening yourself. Don't tell me the ninth master isn't willing to strengthen himself and recover?"
 The ninth Division commander did not stand on ceremony and said directly,""I didn't say I'm not willing! But there's one thing I have to make clear in advance. It's fine to clean up these powerhouses, but I'll make the decision! This was the first reason. Second, if they encountered a neo martial artist who was loyal to their duty, if the other party was unwilling to cooperate or surrender, they must not be hurt! Third, the spoils of war will be split in half!"
 As soon as he said that, everyone in the hall glared at him!
 Director Wang felt a little awkward and didn't know what to say.
 At this moment, one of the puppet students suddenly said,""If that's the case, I, Yuan Ping martial arts university, will also take one-third of the resources. You guys can split the rest!"
 As soon as these words came out, it caused everyone to be even more furious!
 BA Dao's temper was instantly ignited. He said coldly,""Then we'll kill them ourselves! Whether it was heaven battling city or Yuanping martial arts university, the governor had put in a lot of effort to be able to recover so quickly and walk freely outside! We're just helping each other out, not just relying on you guys to get to where we are today!"
  "Remember, we're only cooperating with each other. We're not the imperial family of the nine divisions depending on the monster plants!"
 BA Dao snorted coldly and glared at him!
 Nan Quan also snorted,"I knew these ancient people couldn't be trusted!" "We haven't even succeeded, and you're already trying to seize power. Do you really think we're those soft-legged shrimps from the imperial family of the nine divisions?" At most, we'll part ways. If we really want to fight, then we'll fight ... The few of them in the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town can't come out now, so who's afraid of whom?"
 Li Hao raised his hand and interrupted them. He looked at the ninth Division commander and said seriously,""Is the ninth master serious, or is he just joking?"
 "I'm serious!"
 The ninth Division commander was not afraid. He looked at Li Hao and said,""I know you have been guarding against neo martial artists, but I am a neo martial artist! You seized the big star Mine, but the big mine belongs to the neo martial artists! You didn't provide any energy to heaven battling city, nor did you help heaven battling city recover. If this continues ... Li Hao, we will be controlled by you sooner or later!"
 He said calmly,"the new martial artists ... Don't want to, don't want to be checked and judged by others!" You're worried about being controlled by us, but we're not willing to be controlled by you! "Wang Ye's choice is Wang Ye's business, but I, as a soldier of neo martial arts, can't let the future of neo martial arts be completely in your hands!"
 He was very serious."Cooperation is fair treatment. The cooperation you're talking about is just us working for you and you paying us a small salary. We're not mercenaries. You can cooperate with Yuanping martial arts university like this because they're not soldiers yet. They're just a group of students ... But you can't do this to heaven battling city! We're a main city, and the heaven battling Army is a Legion, not a mercenary army! We have our own civilization, our own beliefs, our own army spirit, our own standards ... Li Hao, so, your 11th Division commander is also just a joke. You're only the Demon Hunter Army's commander, not the heaven battling Army 's!"
 Li Hao frowned slightly."But at this stage, cooperating with me will bring the greatest benefits to heaven battling city!"

