fileno%d
elements sword!
 Indistinctly, a sword of lightning, a sword of wind, a Sword of Light, and a Sword of Darkness appeared!
 Everything was a sword!
 At this moment, Li Hao was very happy. Perhaps the other party could help him complete the wind and thunder sword.
 He had forgotten everything. He didn't think about anything else. He didn't think about how the battle outside was going. He didn't care about this guy's background either. He only had one thought. As a swordsman, he had to kill his opponent with his sword and give his opponent a dignified death.
 This was what his teacher had said. The sword was the weapon of a gentleman. The so-called gentleman was to let the other party die a simple death and give the other party a gentlemanly way to die!
 Yes, his teacher had told him.
 Shadowless Sword and Willow catkin sword appeared.
 The next moment, a fierce roar sounded. The sky and earth were spinning, and even the world was turning upside down.
 At this moment, Hongtu felt as if he had encountered a Sword Maniac. Countless swords were constantly changing. He roared repeatedly as he held the long sword in his hand and broke through all kinds of strange sword moves.
  The two of them were bathed in blood as the battle raged on, and Hongtu grew angrier.
 "Li Hao ..."
 BOOM!
 As soon as he roared, a monstrous sword appeared, like the Return of the Overlord, like a venerable sovereign inspecting the world.
 BOOM!
 Hongtu was smashed by the sword. With a boom, his bones were broken and he kept spitting blood. He looked at Li Hao angrily. There was not a single piece of flesh on Li Hao's body. There were even minced meat hanging on his body and falling with the wind.
 However, Li Hao's sword momentum was getting stronger and stronger!
 A divine rune suddenly appeared beside Li Hao.
 Lightning!
 Yes, Thunder Holy prose.
 A moment ago, the sword was like a Thunderbolt, like a venerable sovereign's patrol, mixed with the power of Thunder. At this moment, the Thunder divine text appeared naturally. Li Hao smiled. The sixth divine text had appeared.
 As for the word 'exterminate' formed by the sword aura, it was just a hodgepodge, a random word to contain wind and thunder.
 "I have six elements now!"
 Hongtu was confused by his words. 'Six elements my ass, haven't you studied mathematics before?'
 Why was it still too little!
 She clearly already had seven elements, so how could she still have six elements?
 From Li Hao's point of view, he had six elements now. The five elements and the lightning elements had all turned into divine abilities, and only the wind element had turned into divine ability characters, which made him a true seven-element.
 He turned into a breeze and disappeared instantly. When he reappeared, he struck out with his sword!
 Hongtu roared as well and slashed his sword at Li Hao. This attack was filled with killing intent!
 Li Hao was getting stronger and stronger as the battle went on. This made him gnash his teeth. Perhaps this was a person truly blessed by the heavens, and he only wanted to seize it.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com BOOM!
 The two swords collided, and Li Hao disappeared again.
 The next moment, the wind-chasing boots lit up. They appeared instantly and attacked again.  Bang Bang Bang!
 Clang clang clang!
 A series of sparks burst out. Both of them were extremely fast. The more they exchanged blows, the happier Li Hao was. What was written on paper was always shallow. Only through practice would one be able to find the truth!
 After a long time, a crack appeared on Hongtu's sword.
 Hongtu's expression changed slightly as he quickly retreated.
 After dodging Li Hao's sword, he panted heavily, gritted his teeth, and looked at Li Hao coldly."You asked for it!"
 At this moment, something suddenly appeared beside Hongtu. It was a crystal-like Pearl.
 A faint pressure spread out.
 It seemed to have the might of a Saint!
 Li Hao had seen Saints before. There was one in Yuanping martial arts university. At this moment, the bead floating around the other party carried the pressure of a Saint. It was not the kind of Saint weapon, but a living person.
 As a member of the Hong family, as the reincarnation of a Saint, Hongtu's trump cards were far beyond his imagination.
 However, he was a little hesitant at this moment.
 This was the mind power left behind by his original body, or rather, the real Hong Tu. If he chose to fuse with this bead, it would mean that he had given up on his new identity and had completely recovered all his memories.
 He had become Hongtu again!
 In fact, he had long known that there was something wrong with his reincarnation, but he felt that this was his new self and there was no need to compare it with the previous Hongtu.
 However, after fusing with this Pearl, he would be that Hong Tu again.
 Hongtu was in a dilemma, but Li Hao was getting stronger as the battle progressed. If he didn't kill this kind of person as soon as possible ... He would be in deep trouble. Hongtu was well aware of this.
 He gritted his teeth. It was him anyway, what was wrong with that?
 He swallowed the Pearl in one gulp!
 At most, he would return to his previous state. Perhaps venerable white and the others would be happy and feel that the real young master had returned. Hongtu laughed at himself. Those guys probably felt that he was not as good as the old Hongtu.
 However, as long as he swallowed the bead, he would be confident in killing Li Hao.
 Kill this annoying fellow!
  "Damn, not following the rules!"
 At this moment, Li Hao, who had been calm a moment ago, suddenly became angry. I challenged you to a one-on-one fight. Not only did you cheat again and again, but you also took out the Pearl of saint's aura.
 He didn't need to guess to know that it was definitely dangerous!
 This guy didn't follow the routine.
 It had always been one's own fault for cheating, no one's enemy had ever cheated.
 Was it a big deal to have a powerful family?
 Who are you looking down on?
 Just as Hongtu was wondering what this fellow could do, Cannonball-like objects suddenly appeared in Li Hao's hands. The next moment, a broken golden armor appeared on Li Hao's body.
 This wasn't enough. At this moment, Li Hao's six divine runes enveloped him, and six forces instantly erupted!
 It wasn't to kill, but to defend.

 A few mirror shards also appeared, covering his entire body.
 Hongtu's expression changed.
 The next moment, he roared,"what are you doing?" This place is sealed off. If the energy bomb explodes, the huge explosive force will kill you and me ..."
 Yes, an energy bomb.
 Military supplies.
 Li Hao had obtained 1200 of them. At this moment, he took out more than a hundred of them, which he had used to attack the city back then. The power of each explosion was no less than a full-force attack of the six elements.
 However ... More than a hundred of them were more than seven elements.
 Li Hao gritted his teeth."I'll play with a sword, but you want to play dirty. I'll play with a divine weapon, but you also play dirty ... Then let's play something more exciting!"
 The next moment, before Hongtu could absorb the bead, Li Hao detonated one of the bombs.
 In an instant, BOOM!
  A deafening sound reverberated throughout the world!
 BOOM!
 The shockwaves from the energy explosion swept across the entire Hall, shattering everything except for the starry sky sword and the mirror. Everything else was shattered.
 The sound of explosions continued to ring out!
 Outside Li Hao's body, a few mirror fragments were blown apart, and the six divine runes were shattered. Li Hao continued to devour large amounts of spring of life, but he still could not stop the power of the explosion.
 The flesh and blood on his body had just recovered when they exploded. The flesh and blood had just recovered when they disappeared ...
 On the other side, Hongtu roared and wanted to summon the mirror back, but he was stopped by the starry sky sword.
 He gritted his teeth and had no choice but to spit out the Pearl. The Pearl instantly turned into a layer of defensive barrier, which exploded and quickly recovered.
 The powerful spiritual power and the aftermath of the energy bomb swept together and annihilated each other.
 At this moment, Hongtu did not know if he should be happy or depressed.
 It was impossible for Hongtu to recover to his former self. Li Hao had blown up all the backup plans he had left behind.
 This crazy guy!
 Didn't he know that if the explosion continued, both sides would suffer heavy losses? Li Hao's situation would only get worse. Hongtu looked at Li Hao and saw that his flesh and blood had completely evaporated. There was no longer any blood splattering after he recovered.
 Only his body, which had just recovered, was torn apart again.
 With each tear, Li Hao became weaker.
 At this moment, there were only a few broken divine runes struggling under the protection of a wounded Tiger. They barely protected Li Hao from being completely blown up!
 ……
 In the outside world.
 The rumbling sounds were endless, and the huge Hall was shaking.
 The aftershocks did not spread out, but were trapped in the main hall. The sounds of explosions continued, and the entire main hall was lifted up from the ground. It continued to roll and rumble, smashing through the entire ancient city!
 The people who were fighting outside were all stunned.
 What was going on?
 Director Wang looked at the rolling Hall in a daze and muttered,""Why do I feel like a mine has exploded ..."
  Yes, that was the feeling. This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, he knew that there was a high chance that it was not a mineral vein.
 It was ...... An energy cannon!
 Once these things exploded, their power would not be small. To cause such a huge commotion that even the divine armament Hall was reduced to this state, it would take at least a hundred of them.
 He also knew that Li Hao had just obtained a large number of energy cannonballs in heaven battling city. These were strategic weapons prepared by the new recruits.
 As for Bai Shu, who had been suppressed by the other party, his expression also changed at this moment.
 "Young master ..."
 The explosion was so powerful that even if Li Hao had committed suicide, Hongtu would not have been in a good state after the explosion.
 However, this Hall was the headquarters of Fengyun Pavilion in this place.
 Other than Hongtu, no one else could open it.
 Hongtu would need some time to open it, because he was no longer the same Hongtu as before. The divine weapon did not match him. Thus, when Li Hao entered, Hongtu said a lot of nonsense to buy some time so that the hall would close.
 Did he still have time to open Hongtu?
 ……
 In the main hall.
 The sound of explosions continued!
 After a long time, Hongtu coughed up blood. The spiritual power on his body had almost completely disappeared. Hongtu felt a little lost. At this moment, he didn't know whether to thank or hate Li Hao, that bastard.
 He had ruined his plan again!
 Hongtu's injuries weren't too severe, but his internal organs were slightly shattered from the impact. On the other hand, Li Hao could no longer be seen.
 Is He Dead?
 Such a powerful explosion was not worth mentioning to Hongtu at his peak. However, both of them only had seven elemental powers and this was a completely sealed area. There was no way for them to escape from such a powerful explosion.
 Was Li Hao ... Dead?
 If not for the saint's spirit protecting his body, he would probably have been killed by the explosion.
 Although Li Hao had also used divine weapons, divine runes, and other treasures to protect himself, the mirror fragments had fallen to the ground and were motionless, without any luster.
  As for the divine text ... There seemed to be some fragments left behind.
 Li Hao ... Was killed by my explosion?
 "You're crazy!"Hongtu suddenly sneered.
 He knew that this was a suicidal move, but this madman still wanted to try. So what if he stopped him?
 Now, he should thank Li Hao for making him give up on this idea.
 At this moment, a gust of wind seemed to blow in the hall.
 A cool breeze blew past.
 Wind?
 This place was sealed, where would the wind come from?
 Just as Hongtu was deep in thought, a gentle breeze blew past. His expression changed as a bloody gash suddenly appeared on his face. In the next moment, countless energies gathered in the void and formed a divine rune, misty wind, in the blink of an eye!

 The divine rune expanded in the wind and turned into Li Hao in the blink of an eye.
 Li Hao was completely naked!
 Li Hao's body swayed, as if it would shatter at any moment.
 Streams of the spring of life gushed into his body, strengthening it. Li Hao smiled weakly and looked at him provocatively."Hongtu, I'm still alive and well. Thank you. I've been thinking about how to comprehend the existence of wind ... Now, I've thought of it. Wind is everywhere! The explosion is the wind, the air is the wind, everything can be turned into a breeze ..."
 Hongtu looked at him with a cold expression!
 He didn't die even after this?
 Although Li Hao looked extremely weak, he was still alive.
 "Li Hao!"
 "Is this what you're relying on?" Hongtu gritted his teeth.
 What exactly were these sacred art characters?
  Why could it be broken and then reformed?
 Why were new words constantly being born?
 Li Hao's face was extremely weak and pale. He walked toward him step by step with a bright smile. "I'm not as strong as you. You can rely on your ancestors. My ancestors didn't leave me anything. I can only rely on myself!"
 "However ... The energy bomb's effect is not bad. How about ... I give you a little more?"
 Li Hao, who was also a member of the seven elements, sighed.
 He had used all his trump cards Against someone of the same rank and had almost killed him. This Hongtu was indeed a member of a big family in the new martial era. He had tormented him to the point of wishing he was dead with just a few trump cards.
 It was indeed different to have a rich elder. His ancestor had left nothing behind except for the starry sky sword, which was eating crazily.
 Most importantly, the starry sky sword was really too useless. It only knew how to eat.
 Look at him, he had a mirror, a Pearl, an endless supply of divine power stones, and an endless supply of spring water of life ...
 Compared to Hongtu, Li Hao, who had previously thought he was very generous, suddenly realized that he was really poor!
 Was this the life of a second generation?
 Li Hao was very envious!
 Who would be willing to fight for their own lives if they were not forced by life?
 If his ancestors were still around, providing him with good food and drink every day, why would he need to work hard?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was also very blissful to be the second generation of a rich family and a martial arts family.
 Of course, it was said that his ancestor was very poor. Even if he was alive ... Perhaps he had to go out and work to earn money?
 That was a possibility!
 At this moment, Li Hao's mind was filled with all sorts of thoughts.
 He looked at his body and found that it was extremely weak. There was only a layer of skin left, and it was just created from the spring of life. Fortunately, his body was not strong to begin with. Otherwise, it would be difficult to even recover a layer of skin.
 Li Hao knew that the stronger one's body was, the harder it was to recover.  His body was weak, but it was easier to recover. At the very least, he did not need any imperishable substance.
 On the other side, Hongtu's expression was unsightly,'Li Hao, do you really want to die? I was just lucky just now. If I have to do it again, I might not be able to live well, but you ... I'm afraid you won't have any chance!"
 He had seen Li Hao's condition. He was only skin and bones, and his energy had almost been used up. The energy of the godly weapon fragment had also been used up, and the Golden armor was almost completely shattered.
 How could Li Hao continue to fight with him?
 By dying together?
 "As long as you teach me how to condense these divine characters, Li Hao, I promise I won't kill you ... Even if you don't teach me, I actually have some ideas. Li Hao, when I become the master of this world ... I won't forget your benefits ..."
 At this moment, he was trapped in the hall. He really didn't want to continue this self-mutilating way with Li Hao.
 "You're so confident!"Li Hao looked at him strangely.
 At this point in time, my losses are so heavy, and you still want me to teach you?
 What are you thinking?
 He had more than ten thousand drops of the spring of life on him. In total, he had used up more than a thousand drops. What a huge loss this was. He had lost a hundred energy bombs, his golden armor was almost shattered, and the Hong family's godly hammer was gone ...
 It could be said that even though the battle had not been long, Li Hao's losses had been too heavy.
 The Holy prose was also in tatters. Even if he were to repair it, he did not know how long it would take.
 In the end, he told her to stop fighting and that he would give her benefits when he became rich in the future.
 You must be joking!
 Hongtu looked at him coldly,"then what do you want?" Other than the energy bomb, what else can you do? But if you do it again, you'll definitely be the first to die!"
 At the very least, he was in a much better state than Li Hao.
 As for turning into a breeze, the first time, Li Hao had the protection of his divine weapon and had enough time to block most of the power of the explosion. The second time, it was useless even if he turned into a breeze.
 Li Hao laughed."I have a trick. I haven't used it yet. I don't dare to use it either. Do you want to try it?"
  Hongtu's expression changed.
 Did he still have a trump card?
 At this moment, a fierce tiger appeared beside Li Hao.
 Despite being covered in wounds, it was still unyielding. It held its head high and stared at Hongtu coldly. Li Hao stepped into the Tiger's body. At this moment, he seemed to have become one with the Tiger.
 He was the Tiger, and the Tiger was him.
 Li Hao sighed."I don't know ... If I can survive or come back ... But ... Even so, I'll kill you first before I'm satisfied!"
 After saying that, a pile of energy bombs appeared, and Hongtu's expression changed drastically!
 This time, it was more than the last time.
 "Li Hao, let's talk this out. This is only a small world. There are many worlds in the universe. At worst, I'll give up on this world ... Li Hao ... Don't do anything stupid ..."
 Li Hao had already entered the Tiger's body and became one with it. He smiled brightly. "It's said that the human body has two layers of space. I've been wondering if I could enter the two layers of space if I entered Shi ... But I'm a little afraid of death. I think it's too dangerous. But now ... You, the second generation, have provoked me. Who asked you to cheat!"

 He turned to look at the starry sky sword and smiled.
 He muttered in his heart, little sword, remember to bring me back, okay?
 The next moment, a fierce tiger roared!
 Roar!
 In an instant, the ferocious Tiger swam through the void. Under Hongtu's incredulous gaze, the ferocious Tiger disappeared completely without any signs of life. At this moment, the energy bombs that had piled up like a mountain began to ignite.
 Hongtu's expression changed drastically!
 "Open ..."
 "Open!" He roared."Why hasn't this damn broken Hall opened yet?"
 Damn it, damn it!
 Li Hao, that bastard!
  Where did he go?
 Hongtu watched as the hall was about to open. In the next moment, an even more powerful energy than before exploded!
 BOOM!
 The sky fell and the earth cracked. At this moment, cracks appeared on the hall. The mirror wanted to return to Hongtu's side but was entangled by the starry sky sword and couldn't escape. The mirror was also blown up by the energy, causing cracks to appear on it!
 Crack ... The cracks continued to repair, but in the end, it could no longer be repaired.
 Hongtu continued to roar as he threw out one treasure after another. However, all of them were reduced to dust in the blink of an eye.
 He kept throwing out treasures, and the divine weapons were shattered one by one.
 BOOM!
 His physical body exploded and he let out a blood-curdling scream. However, his psyche still remained and drilled into the mirror. At this moment, the starry sky sword burst out with a brilliant radiance and slashed out!
 Hongtu roared in anger!
 "No... I'm from the Hong family ..."
 The starry sky sword was still trying to kill his mind power even without its master's control. Everyone knew that the starry sky sword didn't have a spirit, so why was it still able to fight on its own?
 Hongtu was unwilling to accept this!
 In order to become the master of the small world, he had given up too many things. He had given up on retreating, giving up on returning, giving up on the strength of a Saint, giving up on his powerful physical body, giving up everything, and starting from scratch.
 He hoped that he could integrate into the new era and be accepted by heaven and earth. He wanted to use his own consciousness to replace the consciousness of heaven and earth and become the master of the world in the new era.
 But ... Why did it turn out like this?
 He knew that something was wrong when Li Hao rose to power. No matter what, he wanted to get rid of Li Hao. In his opinion, there was no reason for him to fail.
 As he had expected, Li Hao had entered his territory.
 There was venerable white here, as well as the seven-element himself and many other protectors. Here, he had the wind and cloud Deputy mirror and the powerful mental energy left behind by his previous life. Even if an undying came, he might be able to kill them.
 Li Hao only had seven elements ... The same seven elements as her, and they weren't even as stable or as powerful as her. How could this be?
 The so-called proud Son of Heaven was an existence that was undefeatable in the same rank.
 He felt that he was.
 But now that he had met Li Hao, everything had gone wrong. Why?
 His mind power transformed and suddenly split apart. It was as if there were two people who appeared. They were exactly the same, but their auras were very different. One of them was more mature and calmer. At this moment, he looked at the starry sky sword that was slashing over and suddenly sighed. "Can't I force it if it's not mine? But ... Wasn't the spirit of neo martial to fight for martial Dao? I'm fighting for my own future, is that wrong?"  "There are four sovereigns in the Hong family. To be born in such a family, there's too much glory and too much pressure ... I want to go further. I want what the sword Saint doesn't want. Is that wrong?"
 p He was somewhat unwilling and furious!  Was I wrong?
 No!
 The only mistake he made was that he was still too weak. He had to fight for the martial Dao. He saw an opportunity, but he didn't fight for it. That would be his greatest regret!
 Buzzzzzz!
 The sword slashed down, and the powerful psyche was instantly cut apart. The other Hongtu also let out a shrill scream of unwillingness. His era had not even begun, and it was already over?
 "Li Hao ... You won't be able to come back!"
 He suddenly roared!
 If I die, don't even think about coming back.
 Was it the positioning of the starry sky sword?
 Set, my ass!
 With a fierce roar, his mind power burned. At this moment, the mirror suddenly turned into a void, covering the world. In an instant, it enveloped the entire starry sky sword.
 Hongtu's psyche started to shatter, but his voice was cold and disdainful."You want to come back ... Dream on! If I can't get it, you can't either!"
 BOOM!
 The last trace of his remaining spiritual power exploded instantly.
 At this moment, the mirror wrapped around the starry sky sword. The sword struggled for a while and burst out with dazzling sword Qi. However, it was instantly enveloped and disappeared without a trace. With a bang, the mirror fell to the ground. Only countless cracks were left in the huge Hall, as well as a broken mirror. It seemed like a sword was sealed inside.
 At this moment, the world fell silent!
 ……
 At the same time.
 Outside the hall, the people who were still fighting were all stunned, and the violent explosion sounded again.
 At this moment, Bai Shu and director Wang were no longer in the mood to fight. They quickly rushed towards the rolling Hall.
 At this moment, cracks appeared in the hall.
  The man and the tree quickly looked inside and were stunned.
 No more!
 There was nothing left!
 In the huge Hall, there was only a broken mirror. There was nothing else.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was gone, and so was Hongtu.
 "How is this possible ..."
 Director Wang couldn't believe it, and so did Baishu. How was it possible!
 It was even more surprised!
 He was even shocked!
 He knew that Hong Tu had many tricks up his sleeve. Putting aside the mirror, he had also retained some of the mind power of the sage Hong Tu. At the critical moment, he could recover. Even if he couldn't recover to the level of a Sage, he could still recover his powerful strength.

 How could an ordinary seven element cultivator possibly kill him?
 Therefore, from the moment Li Hao entered the hall, it had thought that Li Hao was dead for sure!
 But now, where was he?
 The broken mirror had lost all its aura.
 Hongtu ... Was dead!
 The trunk of the White Tree trembled. It was somewhat in disbelief and somewhat unable to accept this.
 Director Wang couldn't accept it and shouted,""F * ck!è‰1! Bastard! This is the first time I've come out, and this is the first time I've gone on a mission with him. We've agreed that I'll be the first one to revive heaven battling city ..."
 Now that Li Hao was dead, not only would he not be able to answer to heaven battling city and the ninth Division commander, but he would also not be able to leave.
 Not only that, Li Hao was dead, and the Stargate could no longer be opened.
 The starry sky sword was gone!
  The Li family bloodline was gone!
 Everything was gone. Would they be able to open the Stargate and return to the origin world?
 It was impossible!
 Therefore ... This world had completely become a cage, trapping all of them.
 His hope ... Was shattered.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was completely shattered!
 At this moment, director Wang was furious. He was completely furious. He looked at Bai Shu and roared,""F * ck, you rebellious dog. No matter how big the price I have to pay, I'll kill you!"
 In any case, he couldn't go out, and even if he went out, he wouldn't be able to return to the origin world ... He wouldn't be satisfied if he didn't kill this guy!
 Did he really think that the great sage of the past was great?
 Previously, he had only thought that Li Hao had many tricks up his sleeve and might not be in trouble, so he had not paid a high price!
 In an instant, a stream of blood Qi gushed into the world. Blood saber art!
 Spirit, Qi, and soul as one!
 Not only that, he waved his hand and a Black Tortoise seal appeared in the void. A line of words appeared on the Black Tortoise seal, which seemed to be written by an invincible master!
 Under the impact of the blood Qi, the huge word appeared instantly!
 "Kill!"
 Yes, kill!
 Director Wang roared in anger,"there are traitors in neo martial arts. Yao Zhi has rebelled. Wang Ye, the director of heaven battling city's security guards, is acting as the city Lord. With blood as a sacrifice, I request Supreme martial artist Zhang to show your power and kill the rebels!"
 With a loud roar, the 'punish' character on the seal became even more brilliant as it absorbed the blood Qi.
 At this moment, Bai Shu's body was trembling violently!
 They were filled with fear and uneasiness!
 "No... I didn't betray you. I ... I followed the young master's orders. I didn't betray you ..." He tried to explain himself in fear.
 "Demon Slayer!"  A loud roar was heard. Under the shocked eyes of countless people, a faint shadow appeared. It held a wooden stick in its hand. It might be a pointer. The shadow was extremely dim and carried some coldness, as if it was trying to judge something.
 "You must be killed!"
 A faint voice appeared in the air. At this moment, Bai Shu was extremely frightened.
 At this moment, the two puppets were also extremely frightened, wishing they could dig into the ground.
 Lee Seong-Zhang, on the other hand, shrunk his huge cat head in fear, as if he was afraid of being noticed by The Phantom.
 As soon as the word 'execution' came out, the world seemed to change. It was as if countless people were paying their respects. The entire city seemed to have come alive. At this moment, some of the monster plants that were originally sleeping in the city woke up one after another.
 As Hongtu had drained the spring of life, many monster plants had fallen into a deep sleep.
 At this moment, they all woke up.
 In the next moment, he saw the shadow between heaven and earth. Suddenly, the awakened monster plants bent their trunks and even prostrated on the ground.
 Fear, uneasiness, and fear!
 Bai Shu was also extremely frightened and flustered."No... Supreme martial artist, I have never betrayed you. I have never thought of this ..."
 At this moment, when the Black Panther heard that Li Hao had disappeared, The Phantom of the demon subduer that was about to form on its body disappeared instantly. The Black Panther shivered and didn't dare to move.
 In the entire world, only that shadow existed.
 "You must be killed!"
 It was still these two words that reverberated in the void.
 BOOM!
 The blood-red "punish" character on the seal fell with the seal. With a loud bang, the path in the sky that was fixed by the long stick collapsed instantly!
 The White Tree shrieked in pain, and its huge body appeared. However, in the next moment, it began to crack and shatter. As the word "punish" fell, the incomparably powerful white tree instantly turned into fragments and exploded with a BOOM!
 ? A wave of mental energy rolled and emerged, carrying a hint of sorrow and helplessness.""Little demon ... Really never betrayed neo martial ..."
 It was true!
 It didn't dare!
  However, there was no way to explain it. This was just some traces left behind by the city Lord seal. The other party was not a real person. It was a killing power created by a blood sacrifice method by an acting city Lord. This was also something unique to the major cities.
 Baishu also did not expect that this person would actually bring out a city Lord seal.
 "Is it worth it?"
 Bai Shu's psyche force was directed at the pale-faced director Wang. With a bitter tone, he said,""Is it worth it? This is a Supreme-being's method, a method used by main cities to kill Heavenly Kings and even stronger experts ... Is it worth it to kill me?"
 Director Wang's face was ashen white and he was on the verge of collapsing. He gritted his teeth,""It's worth it! Damn it, bastard! You've destroyed my hope of returning to my homeland ... If I don't kill you, how can I vent my hatred?"
 BOOM!
 His mental energy exploded, instantly engulfing the heavens and earth. Director Wang didn't care about that. He grabbed onto some fragments and started devouring them. This wasn't something that could be used casually. At this moment, he was about to die.
 He was an undying, using such methods, if his luck was a little bad, he would be finished.
 But just now, he was too desperate and too angry.
 If he had known earlier, he would have killed Bai Shu at the very beginning, even if he had to give up his life. But from the very beginning ... Who would have thought that Li Hao would be killed just like that!

 The world was silent, only the sound of director Wang devouring the White Tree could be heard.
 The Black Tortoise seal lost its luster, and the words on it seemed to have completely dimmed.
 However, at this moment, everyone was watching in a daze, regardless of friend or foe.
 What was this?
 It was just a character, just a bit of power left behind from countless years ago. A Saint who still had immortal battle strength was killed in an instant!
 He couldn't even resist. At that moment, even until his death, the White Tree didn't dare to resist. It only wailed in grief. It didn't betray him.
 "Gulp!"
 Someone swallowed his saliva. In the next moment, Hong Yitang and the others 'expressions changed as they rushed towards the broken Hall.
 Director Wang's sudden craziness made them almost forget that something had happened to Li Hao.
 The few of them quickly rushed over and looked at the crack in the hall. There was not a single ghost in the hall!
  Woof! Woof! Woof!
 The Black Panther also barked a few times, its dog eyes filled with confusion. Li Hao ... Was gone?
 Where did he go?
 In the city, all the revived monster plants were extremely weak. At this moment, they were all prostrating on the ground, and none of them dared to stand up.
 Director Wang was crazily devouring the White Tree fragments, one piece after another, gritting his teeth!
 He coldly looked at the eight and the few guardians who were still alive. Suddenly, he gritted his teeth and sneered,""Die, don't live, just be as desperate as I am ..."
 BOOM!
 A palm smacked down. A protector wanted to escape, but he was instantly smacked into pieces!
 Director Wang gritted his teeth so hard that they were about to break!
 'I'm going to F * cking die in these remains. I'm not going out. I'll be of no use even if I do. Besides, the ninth Division commander probably wants to kill me. I'm here to protect Li Hao. If I'm fine, Li Hao will be gone. '
 When he left, he brought along the city Lord seal!
 There was also a wisp of the old turtle's essence!
 It could be said that the entire heaven battling city was telling itself to take the good stuff with it and protect Li Hao. It had been too careless and neglected its duties. It hadn't dared to use the city Lord seal before, which was a sign of its fear of death.
 As a new martial artist, this was a big taboo!
 "
 Director Wang roared madly. Originally, he disdained to attack the weak, but at this moment, he was crazily killing the eight and the protectors. In the blink of an eye, corpses were everywhere. He was not happy at all, he was extremely depressed!
 Just as he was about to go crazy, a figure suddenly barged into the ruins.
 Director Wang's eyes were red from killing and he wanted to kill the person.
 "Why didn't you call me when you were fighting?" the person suddenly shouted. Damn you, I told you to take me with you to kill Fengyun Pavilion. Why did everyone leave and I didn't know?"
 Yuan Shuo landed on the ground, extremely furious!
 He just happened to see director Wang killing someone. He didn't know this person, so without saying a word, he punched out. The other party looked at him with red eyes like he had killed his father. Who else could he hit?
 BOOM!
 Yuan Shuo was full of confidence as he threw out a punch. No matter how big the world is, who can block my punch?
 I've transformed again!  BOOM!
 The huge force caused him to retreat. His arm exploded. Director Wang was stunned. He had seen Yuan Shuo before, but Yuan Shuo didn't know that he was still in a cocoon.
 "It's a misunderstanding, I'm from heaven battling city!"
 Yuan Shuo retreated and was about to take out his saber to kill the enemy, but he was slightly stunned as he looked at the other party.
 At this moment, the voice of the earth overturning sword rang out, carrying a hint of urgency."Yuan Shuo, Li Hao ... No more!"
 "What?"
 Yuan Shuo was taken aback for a moment before vanishing from sight. A moment later, he reappeared before the other party, and after scanning his surroundings, he frowned.
 No more?
 He twitched his nose slightly, and the five Forces instantly appeared, as if he had sensed something. His expression changed slightly."Idiot, don't be reckless!"
 In the next moment, the breathing technique of five birds was activated, and the world seemed to be fluctuating!
 Five types of force exploded in an instant!
 A powerful force emerged in an instant. Not only that, Yuan Shuo roared as blood spurted out. He reached out and suddenly grabbed a stone knife!
 Beams of bright light appeared on the stone saber.
 To everyone's surprise, Yuan Shuo seemed to have cut through the void. A fierce tiger appeared, but it was not Li Hao 's. It was Yuan Shuo. The Tiger held a stone saber in its mouth, then suddenly disappeared!
 Immediately after, Yuan Shuo slapped his heart and a mouthful of essence blood appeared again. He cursed,""Find him and pull him back!"
 BOOM!
 The void fluctuated. Director Wang was stunned. What was this?
 Where did that Tiger go with the Zhang family's saber in its mouth?
 At this moment, even he did not know where the Tiger had gone.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for Yuan Shuo, he was cursing."Luckily, I'm here. I'm always the one cleaning up the mess. What's the use of having a disciple? there are so many experts here. What's the use? why did he get into the secondary space?"
 "Ancient people and modern people? they're all trash ... They can send people into the second-level space by attacking Fengyun Pavilion. I wonder why Li Hao is raising a bunch of trash!"
 “……”
 He cursed for a while, but at this moment, no one dared to say anything. Even director Wang was extremely embarrassed. He carefully said,"He ... Didn't die?"
  "Bah, he won't die even if you die!"
 After being scolded for a while, director Wang was not unhappy. Instead, he heaved a sigh of relief and sat on the ground. There was only joy in his eyes. Li Hao...Didn't die!
 At this moment, a voice seemed to come from the void,""Where's my sword?"
 The voice sounded confused.
 Where did my sword go?
 Why can't I locate him!
 Fortunately, at the critical moment, he saw a Tiger with a saber in its mouth. It was locked in the void. Speaking of which ... This Tiger and this saber looked familiar?
 Everyone present was overjoyed!
 It was Li Hao's voice!
 He was really alive!

 Where's my sword?
 When Li Hao said this, everyone present became excited.
 Li Hao was still alive.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao was wandering in the starry sky like a fierce tiger.
 He saw a ferocious Tiger riding on a huge stone blade.
 Li Hao, who couldn't lock onto the Tiger's position, was a little excited when he saw it.
 It swayed with the wind and appeared in an instant, grabbing the stone knife that the Tiger was riding on.
 ……
 At this moment.
  In the outside world.
 "Die!" Yuan Shuo shouted. With his blood as a guide, a blood-colored path appeared in the void.
 A powerful energy burst out from his body. Yuan Shuo shouted,""Return!"
 BOOM!
 The world seemed to be shaking.
 At this moment, a human figure, or rather, a Tiger's figure, appeared. Li Hao grabbed the stone blade and walked out, still a little muddleheaded.
 Yuan Shuo instantly collapsed to the ground and cursed.
 "You only know how to mess around all day long!"
 He couldn't care less about his image and wanted to curse. Fortunately, he arrived in time and found Li Hao.
 Of course, he knew that Li Hao had nowhere to go. If he wanted to escape, he could only run to this place.
 After all, Li Hao was the one who said that he was the first to discover the double space in the human body.
 With Li Hao's boldness, it would be strange if he didn't run at the critical moment.
 Li Hao's figure appeared.
 The next moment, director Wang jumped up and grabbed the extremely weak Li Hao. With a crack, he broke the Tiger's Claw. He originally wanted to express his concern, but he suddenly froze.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, transformed into his human form and looked at his broken palm.
 He just looked at him silently.
 I'm not trying to scam you.
 Most importantly, I'm indeed a porcelain doll now. Director Wang broke my hand.
 Director Wang was so embarrassed that he wanted to dig a hole.
 "I ..."
 He wanted to say that he didn't do it on purpose, but he was too excited at the moment. As he exhaled, Li Hao's arm suddenly fell off in a breeze.
 Li Hao was silent. He crouched down, picked up the arm that had fallen off, and silently put it back on.
 Director Wang instantly jumped!
 He looked at Li Hao in disbelief. I really didn't touch you.
 I just broke your hand.
 I can't just kill you in one breath.
 "It's a small matter,"
 Li Hao put his weak arm on it and smiled. Crack ... Crack.
 A piece of skin fell off his face.
 "I'm fine!"
 Li Hao laughed dryly. His shameless face was even more terrifying.
 Everyone frowned. How could this be?  Li Hao's body was like a clay doll that would shatter at the slightest touch.
 Li Hao didn't care too much. He had suffered a great loss in this battle. Of course, he hadn't suffered a great loss because he had condensed the divine runes of wind and thunder. More importantly, he had entered the second layer of space.
 It was not considered a loss.
 As for his extremely weak body, there was nothing he could do about it. Long before he entered, he was only left with a layer of skin.
 "Teacher, you've worked hard!" He turned to look at his teacher and smiled.
 Huala, his face continued to fall.
 Yuan Shuo rolled his eyes."Let's nourish your body first. Look at how weak you are!"
 Li Hao smiled. Streams of spring of life emerged, and his body was quickly nourished. A moment later, traces of blood appeared on his skin. At least he did not lose his flesh and skin at the slightest movement like before.
 Director Wang heaved a sigh of relief and hurried forward. However, he didn't dare to touch Li Hao. He said carefully,""Are you alright?"
 "It's just a small matter!"
 Was this a small matter?
 "Where did you go just now?" director Wang asked.
 "Two-layer space."
 "Source world?"
 Director Wang asked,""But the essence has been cut off ...."
 The source world.
 It was also similar to the existence of the double space, the world where the great Dao of origins existed.
 Every Dao path would eventually appear in the universe.
 Li Hao still didn't understand this.
 However, when he heard director Wang say that, he understood. He said,"Source world ... Does that mean that the great Dao of source also has a world?"
 "Of course!"
 Director Wang explained,"in the world of the origin Dao, there is a star for every Dao. A person is a star. If a person dies, the star will fall ..."
 Li Hao's expression changed.
 Interesting.
 It was the star Universe again.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had just entered the second layer space and had seen countless stars and universes. Was it the same world, or was it ... Not?
 Instead, it was a path that would eventually lead to the boundless starry sky.
 Every Dao path was a great Dao universe?
 At this moment, Li Hao was a little distracted.
 Everyone looked at him strangely. What's wrong now?
 As for Li Hao, he didn't think about the danger he had just experienced. There were thousands of ways to go, and it was actually very interesting to fight with experts. For example, Hongtu had given Li Hao many insights. There was pressure and danger, but there were also insights.
  The more life and death he faced, the more he comprehended.
 If it wasn't for the other party being so powerful that he had no choice but to seek survival in the face of death, how could he have entered the second layer space?
 This was the will of the heavens.
 The heavens 'will ...
 Li Hao suddenly laughed hideously.
 What dogshit destiny.
 Heaven's will was nothing to be afraid of. In this world, perhaps the heavens had really given birth to some will that had actually confused him and caused him to encounter Hongtu. It had deceived people's minds and manipulated people's hearts ... This was not possible!
 Li Hao didn't feel good about this.
 The heavens can have consciousness, but it can't control people's hearts. It actually controls me. No wonder I've always wanted to kill the Fengyun Pavilion after hearing about it. My hatred for it is even greater than for Ying Hongyue.
 It was because Hong Tu intended to take over this world.

 At this moment, Li Hao's mind wandered.
 As for the others, they only looked at him. Some were puzzled, some were puzzled, and some were smiling and shaking their heads.
 Li Hao was extremely talented.
 At this moment, he seemed to have thought of something and comprehended something. However ... He had just experienced a life and death situation, and his physical body was still extremely weak. Under such circumstances, shouldn't he take a rest?
 "Alright, whatever you're thinking, think about it later!"
 At this moment, only Yuan Shuo would interfere. His face was slightly pale. He stood up and looked at Li Hao, frowning."What a mess!"
 "The universe is boundless," he said quickly."You can get lost at any time, whether it's the real universe or the universe of the great path! The human body isn't independent. The river of life reflects the void. That's the universe of the river of life, and you can get lost at any time. "
 Li Hao seemed to have understood something and looked at Yuan Shuo.
 Yuan Shuo shook his head."Don't look at you. We share the same martial arts and secret technique of five birds, so I can sense your existence. If it were someone else, I wouldn't be able to find them."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com So that was how it was!
  As for the others, it was as if they were listening to a heavenly book.
 Director Wang seemed to be deep in thought. As an origin Dao expert, he had experienced the universe of the origin. Thus, he could understand a little, but ... He still felt that it was unbelievable.
 What did this mean?
 It meant that Li Hao and the others had discovered a new path, a true new path.
 A Dao was a world, a Dao was a universe.
 Was that even possible?
 But where had Li Hao gone?
 At this moment, he was thinking of something. He recalled the rumors that the human King had once traveled the universe of origins when he was weak. And in that era, there was only one person who could do this, Emperor Cang!
 Emperor Cang could roam the universe of origin. He was born from the origin and was almost one with the universe of origin.
 But Li Hao and the others were not.
 At this moment, director Wang's expression kept changing. Was there any other Dao in this world?
 It was the true meaning of the great Dao.
 In the countless years of neo martial, no one had ever discovered other great DAOs. Even the inner world of the human King was actually a great Dao of origin. It was just that it had sealed itself and formed a world. It could not be said that it was completely separated from the origin universe.
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Li Hao was very weak!
 Even if the seven elements were still very weak, and the current seven elements were comparable to the peak, it could only be said that they were comparable to those peak experts who didn't have the Origin's support. If it was the neo martial era, when the origin hadn't been cut off, the peak experts at that time would be different from the seven elements today.
 There was still a huge gap between the two of them!
  A true Paragon would be able to take on 100 six-element cultivators at once, not like what was happening now. Could seven elements take on 100 six-element cultivators?  It can't be!
 Just as he was thinking about this, Hong Yitang laughed and said,""It's good that you're fine. Oh, is this the mirror you wanted? Your sword ... Seems to be in here. "
 He handed Li Hao a mirror.
 Even though it was broken, it was still emitting a faint light. It was very powerful.
 Li Hao took the mirror and sighed.""What a powerful divine weapon!"
 This thing was really powerful.
 As a result, Hongtu couldn't use his full strength. Otherwise, Li Hao felt that the starry sky sword at its current stage was no match for Hongtu even after it had devoured the Hong family's godly hammer.
 Director Wang took a look and nodded."This is the wind and cloud Deputy mirror, right? This thing ... Strictly speaking, it's a monarch weapon!"
 Li Hao looked at him and he explained,"we call the divine weapons forged by venerable sovereigns" sovereign weapons!" This should have been forged by one of the four sovereigns of the Hong clan, but I'm not sure who forged it. "
 "The book of wind and cloud was first forged by that person from the Hong clan. It was extremely powerful and was later offered to the human King. Later on, he forged more copies of the book of wind and cloud, but more than one ... So, it seems to be of a lower level."
 But no matter what, it was still a monarch weapon.
 He hesitated for a moment before saying,""To be honest, the eight divine weapons have extraordinary significance. However, even the starry sky sword might not be much stronger than this thing. Of course, the starry sky sword is special. It was specially forged by the human King for the sword venerable. Therefore, when it is completely unsealed, the starry sky sword will definitely be stronger."
 But now, the seal on the starry sky sword had not been unlocked. Strictly speaking, it was not as good as the wind and cloud Deputy mirror.
 Li Hao nodded. No wonder!
 He hadn't expected that the starry sky sword would be sealed. Now, he saw the sword swimming in the mirror. He couldn't help but frown. How ... Could he take it out?
 While Li Hao was deep in thought, li shengzhang said in a low voice,""Try refining it. Of course, it's very difficult for non-Hong family members to refine it. But now that its master is dead, you might be able to refine it successfully. If you succeed, you can take out the starry sky sword. "
  Li Hao nodded and said with a smile,"that's the purpose of our trip here." I just didn't expect that Hongtu to be so powerful that he almost killed me. Oh right, where's that tree?"
 The tree was gone.
 Although there seemed to be some other trees in the city, Li Hao still remembered that white tree. It was very big and strong.
 "I've eaten,"director Wang coughed.
 “……”
 Li Hao was surprised. You ate it? what do you mean?
 Director Wang coughed."I used up too much energy just now, so I ate it. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to make up for the deficit."
 Using the city Lord seal wasn't an easy task. Otherwise, he would have used it long ago.
 But now, she was still a little embarrassed.
 This time, everyone had contributed. Although Bai Shu was the strongest, Hongtu wasn't weak either. He had come out to work for Li Hao, but in the end, the greatest spoils of war had been eaten by him ... It didn't make sense.

 However, he had thought that Li Hao had died before, so he didn't think too much about it.
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He was surprised that director Wang could kill him.
 That white tree did not look weak.
 Did he leave for a long time?
 Also, why is teacher here?
 At this moment, Li Hao finally realized what was going on. He looked at his teacher in surprise."Teacher, what are you doing here?"
 Yuan Shuo said unhappily,"when I woke up, you were all gone. I asked and found out that you were here to attack Fengyun Pavilion. Didn't I tell you?" Why didn't you inform me when you attacked Fengyun Pavilion?"
 "No, you'd have turned into a ball by then ..."
 Go to hell!
 Yuan Shuo was speechless, but he didn't say much. He was probably in the middle of his transformation at that time, so he couldn't really blame Li Hao.
  It's just that, without me, you probably wouldn't have been able to come back.
 He cursed silently in his heart and didn't say anything else.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for Li Hao, he looked around and saw many monster plants. He looked at director Wang doubtfully."These monster plants ..."
 "They're all from wind cloud tower!"
 Director Wang sighed."In the early days of the Silver Moon continent, Fengyun tower had also set up a Department here. Hongtu was in charge of this place. At that time, he was a Saint. He was considered a Big Shot and had a high status. "On the entire continent, strictly speaking, there are only a few places that have a higher status than him. Yuanping martial arts university, the Li family, and the rest, including my Wang family, are actually not as good as him."
 Jiang Yingli and the others didn't say anything. In terms of individual strength, the human Emperor Cang and the others were extremely powerful. However, in terms of family strength ... The Hong family was even stronger than the Saturn Li family.
 They could be considered the number one family.
 In fact, there was more than one family that had two emperors.
 However, there were four sovereigns in one family ... There was only one family left.
 "After that, Fengyun tower withdrew from Silver Moon, and I thought Hongtu had already left ..."
 Director Wang sighed."Who knew? not only did he not leave, he even stayed here. He even ... Reincarnated!"
 Reincarnation was not about forming a physical body.
 It was completely different.
 Reincarnation, perhaps it was a different kind of rebirth, living a new life.
 Reincarnation required a lot of perseverance. One had to give up everything and start from scratch. One had to cultivate and recover bit by bit. Even though one still had the memories of one's previous life, the memories were incomplete. It was actually different from the previous life.
 Hongtu's choice to reincarnate was considered a man of great perseverance, but ... He had chosen the wrong path.
 Or rather, he had met Li Hao.
 If he hadn't met Li Hao, he might have had a chance to become the Lord of a small world. At that time, he would have reached new heights. It wasn't stupid to lose to Li Hao in the end.
  Li Hao kept nodding.  Reincarnation!
 Perhaps it was even scarier than the Lu Zhen Research Institute's mental power regeneration. He asked,""How does it compare to spiritual power regeneration?"
 "The resurrection of spiritual power ... Is actually simpler. After the resurrection, only the strength will decline. If everything goes smoothly, there won't be much change. However, reincarnation is actually a different kind of starting from zero. Even if you have memories, these memories are a little fuzzy ..."
 "Director Wang, you know a lot about it?"
 "Neo martial arts has done it before!"
 Director Wang didn't think much of it. "Many people in neo martial have such experiences. Of course, the world of neo martial is different. It can support reincarnation, but small worlds don 't. There's no yin and yang world here."
 Li Hao nodded, deep in thought.
 It seemed that the origin world these people were talking about was much more perfect than this place.
 Of course, Li Hao didn't really care.
 As the Li family's descendant, perhaps these people also treated him as a new martial artist. Li Hao could feel it.
 But to Li Hao ... He was a Silver Moon citizen.
 This was his hometown, his hometown. He was born and grew up here. Li Hao didn't care much about neo martial arts or origin world.
 He fiddled with the mirror. This was his biggest gain this time. It was a treasure.
 Unfortunately, other than this, he seemed to have gained nothing.
 What a huge loss!
 He didn't even get Hongtu's storage ring, nor did he gain anything. Li Hao glanced through the city and saw that there were about seven or eight monster plants left ... But they didn't seem to be as good as general Huai's disciples and Grand-disciples.
 All of them were so weak that they looked like they were about to collapse at any moment.
  Was this ... Malnutrition?
 Li Hao was also helpless.
 Even if he killed these monster plants, he would only be able to get some immortal wood. As for the spring of life, he probably wouldn't even get a drop.
 As for himself, his physical body was extremely weak at the moment and he needed supplements.
 He took a look at the others. They were still okay, the Silver Moon Martial Master was much stronger than the eight. As for the seven series, they were mainly dealt with by the puppets. Director Zhou was slightly more injured, but he was quickly recovering.
 To be able to destroy Fengyun Pavilion without any losses, apart from a bigger loss for him, was actually not a bad result.
 "Then I'll refine this thing first, and then I'll get the starry sky sword out. Otherwise, I won't be at ease."
 Li Hao looked at the crowd and said,"everyone, check your spoils. Also ... These monster plants ..."
 He glanced at the monster plants and was considering if he should kill them.
 Director Wang hesitated for a moment before saying,""Fengyun tower ... Is actually not an enemy force. Of course, Fengyun Pavilion is one, so is Hongtu, and Bai Shu who attacked previously is also one. However, these monster plants ... Are only following orders and have not attacked ..."

 Even though he wanted to kill all the monster plants just now, he still opened his mouth to plead for mercy at this moment.
 These monster plants were only following orders from Fengyun tower.
 This was a monster plant from the wind cloud tower, and it also belonged to the Hong family.
 Hongtu wanted to steal the small world. This was the Li family's fief. If they were killed, so be it. Even the king of earth of the Hong family could not say anything. But these Fey plants ... It would be a pity to kill them.
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
 He looked at director Wang.
 "I'm not ordering you ... I'm just ... Explaining the situation to you,"director Wang coughed.
 At this moment, he also somewhat understood Li Hao. This guy didn't actually consider himself a neo martial artist. In fact, he wasn 't. It was just that heaven battling city subconsciously thought that Li Hao was a member of the Li family, so he could also be considered a neo martial artist.
 But in fact, Li Hao seemed to only like doing things according to his own will.
 It was a very normal thing!
  Director Wang didn't think much of it. The geniuses of this era were all like this. No matter how strong the seniors were, they felt that they could create a new era.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"let's wait and see. We'll talk about it after I refine the Vice wind and cloud Mirror."
 He did not say anything more. A large amount of spring of life gushed into his body, and he quickly began to recover.
 His own divine intent had also entered the wind and cloud Deputy mirror, but there was great resistance.
 However, Li Hao didn't care about it at all. His sword momentum was domineering as he tried to refine it by force. Since it was already damaged, what was the point of being stubborn?
 As he refined, he thought about everything that had just happened.
 He had just entered Shi, the second layer space.
 Although it was only for a short moment, Li Hao actually stayed there for a long time. He saw the sky full of stars, all kinds of superlocks, and the wandering Shi. Perhaps ... He was not the only one.
 Perhaps, the human body's dual space was universal.
 Just like the universe of origin, it was a big universe. However, no one else could enter or discover it. Perhaps everyone's Super Lock was in this space.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Otherwise, his teacher would not be able to bring him out.
 Then, he thought of his teacher's transformation into a cocoon.
 He didn't understand it before, but now he did.
 His teacher, this bold fanatic, might have entered this space one step ahead of him. Li Hao had to admit that he admired his teacher. He had been forced into a corner and had no other choice but to enter.
 As for Yuan Shuo, he must have entered on his own accord.
 "Teacher's body has undergone a transformation ... Therefore, the special energy contained in the second layer of space in the human body may be able to strengthen the body ..."
 Even though his teacher was right beside him, Li Hao didn't ask.
 Just as Yuan Shuo had said, don't ask everything. Wait until you've tried and done it, then think about how to solve this problem.
 Only then would he be able to know what he wanted more clearly.
  Martial arts were really interesting.  The corners of Li Hao's mouth rose slightly.
 Compared to being a King or Emperor, he preferred to be a swordsman.
 Sometimes, he would think that if superpowers did not rise up, he would still be a martial artist of the pugilistic world. He might have become a famous martial artist.
 Just like his teacher and the others, he was carefree and focused on martial arts.
 He had already felt very comfortable when he sparred with Hongtu.
 "Dao of ten thousand swords ... Dao of ten thousand DAOs ... Dao of divine text ... Dao of origin ... Inner and outer world ..."
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 The ferocious Tiger roamed around his body, and a moment later, it disappeared. Then, it reappeared once more, seemingly swallowing something in its mouth before exhaling it. In an instant, a unique energy overflowed from his body.
 This power nourished Li Hao's weak heart.
 "Interesting ..."
 Refining the wind and cloud Deputy mirror, Li Hao's smile grew wider and wider. The double space of the human body seemed to contain a special power that couldn't be absorbed. However, Li Hao, who had just entered it, discovered that Shi could be inhaled and exhaled.
 In other words, Shi could absorb the energy from the stone to nourish the body.
 The human race in the new era had extremely weak bodies.
 Perhaps ... The reason was related to the double space.
 Every era had a different path.
 The existence of Shi was an extremely special thing in this era, and Shi seemed to be able to do many things that other things could not.
 At this moment, Li Hao was even more enlightened.
 Momentum ... Was very important!
  Now that he had comprehended seven types of forces, he could be considered a true expert with seven types of sacred art. The force of the five elements, the force of wind and thunder, and not only that, he seemed to have comprehended the force of light and darkness almost successfully.
 If the seven types of Shi were to enter the second layer space to swallow and release the heaven and earth, would it be able to bring him unlimited energy and the energy to strengthen his body?
 Was it better than the spring of life and the sword?
 These two were actually not bad, but strictly speaking, neither of them strengthened the body and didn't give the feeling of transformation.
 Perhaps, it was not suitable for this generation of humans.
 The human race in the new martial era might be able to strengthen their bodies or even transform by absorbing these. However, no matter how much the human race in the new era absorbed, there was actually a limit. They could not complete the next transformation.
 Many thoughts appeared in Li Hao's mind.
 On the side, Yuan Shuo saw that Li Hao seemed to be inhaling and exhaling special energy. He suddenly smiled. This disciple of his ... Was just like him, extremely talented. Not bad.
 He had come to Li Hao to tell him this, but Li Hao had already discovered it.
 More importantly, Li Hao was very bold and had chosen to enter the double space.

