fileno%d
Qi held it in his hand and studied it carefully.
 After a moment, he muttered,""Divine text, force ... Breathing technique!"
 After saying that, he pondered for a moment before saying,""How about using the same fluctuations from the breathing technique to complete the welcoming? It's to create an artificial divine rune inside the bright star sector and circulate the breathing technique ... Those who cultivate the same breathing technique can feel the fluctuations and locate its location themselves. When cultivated to the extreme, it's a natural location ..."
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment, then frowned. In the bright star sector, natural divine text ..."
 At this point, Li Hao was slightly dazed. He thought for a moment and said,""If my divine text is cultivated to a powerful level, can my divine text be used as man-made divine text and placed in the bright star realm to trigger the perception of the same breathing technique?"
 Director Qi was also stunned at this moment. After some thought, he said,"If you release the restrictions and let the divine text roam the void, perhaps it can be done!"
 Li Hao's eyes brightened."So, this can be skipped?" he asked.
 "But what if you die?"
 Director Qi said bluntly.
 Li Hao was also stunned. After a while, he said,""If I die, can't the divine text be left behind?"
  This time, director Qi was stunned.
 He looked at Li Hao, speechless.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, said excitedly,"then I can practice countless kinds of divine text and incorporate them all into the bright star sector. In that case, even if the natural Dao body is gone, as long as everyone is willing to practice the secret techniques or breathing techniques I passed down, they will be able to sense the existence of the bright star sector as long as they are strong enough. In this way, as long as the great path universe and the inheritance are not destroyed, the Silvermoon people will always be able to sense the existence of the bright star sector, right?"
 Li Hao was overjoyed."Therefore, I'm going to cultivate countless kinds of divine runes and turn them all into coordinates. I'm going to place a breathing technique in each kind of divine rune so that people can sense and locate it ... When the other party cultivates to that level, they'll be able to break through the barrier of the bright star sector. Is that right?"
 Director Qi was silent for a moment before nodding his head."It should be,"
 This was the first time he had met Li Hao, and he didn't even know Li Hao's name ... Fine, Li Hao had actually introduced himself, but he couldn't really remember.
 When Li Hao suggested this idea, he couldn't help but look at director Wang and Yuming.
 This person ... Is he a lunatic?
 Martial madman?
 It wasn't a crazed personality, but a crazed desire for the great Dao.
 How ... Could a human think of such a method?
 Using one's own divine text as the coordinates of the universe and the coordinates of cultivation, even after death, the divine text would exist forever. In this way, as long as the inheritance was not destroyed, the Dao would not be destroyed!
 This way, even if the Dao Meridian disappeared countless years later ... Or lost its connection with the bright star realm, it didn't matter. As long as you kept cultivating, you would be able to sense the existence of the bright star realm sooner or later.
 In this way, the bright star sector might become the exclusive property of the Silvermoon.
 He had seized a great Dao universe for the Silvermoon people for generations!  At this moment, director Qi felt a little emotional. He suddenly thought of a person and laughed,"You are very interesting! In the future, if such a day really comes, with 10000 divine runes ... I think you can definitely publish a book. "
 "Publish a book?"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 Director Qi laughed,"in a person's life, the number of characters discovered, created, and used are actually only about 10000!" When you gather 10000 divine runes of the great Dao, you can construct a book with the divine runes of the great Dao, just like the educational records left by Supreme Zhang in the past. Wouldn't that be great?"
 Yes, he thought of Supreme martial artist Zhang.
 Even if the person in front of him was tens of millions of times weaker than that person.
 Director Qi sighed,"a book of the great Dao is Supreme martial artist Zhang's specialty. However, even department head Zhang couldn't collect 10000 DAOs ... He only collected some conventional battle techniques. There are less than 10000 of them!" If you can successfully cultivate 10000 divine runes and turn them into a book, a book of great DAOs, and place it in the bright star World ... It'll simply ... Be passed down for generations!"
 "Those who come later, those who have cultivated to that level, or one day enter the bright star sector, will see your book of myriad DAOs ... Ten thousand years, a hundred thousand years, a million years, or even ten million years later, your name will also be known throughout the world!"
 "Those who came later all know that there's an invincible existence in the bright star sector who once left behind the coordinates of a great Dao for future generations to cultivate ... At that time, you were the master of all DAOs, Dao master!"
 Li Hao was startled. He had once jokingly told others that he would call himself Dao master when he unified Heavenly Star.
 ? Today, he didn't talk about this with this person.
 However, this person had said the name he wanted-Dao master!
 The master of all DAOs!
 With the book of Dao placed in the bright star realm, the people of the future cultivated it to the extreme, wandered the bright star realm, discovered the book of Dao, and saw everything about themselves ... Thinking about it, he suddenly felt a little excited!
  As for Yuan Shuo and the others, they had long been stunned!
 One dared to say, one dared to think, one dared to take it seriously, and one dared to flatter!
 Cultivating 10,000 DAOs, 10000 DAOs turning into divine text, the book of Dao of divine culture, placed in the great Dao universe for future generations to read!
 Oh my God!
 This Qi Yun, could he be a bootlicker?
 He's so good at shooting?
 How long have you two known each other?
 Was it even an hour?
 And Li Hao, we've only known each other for a short time, so why are you chatting so much with him?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, Li Hao fantasized for a moment, then quickly shook his head.""It's too far away. Of course, I can set it as a goal, but it's still too far away at the current stage!"

 "Of course, now I know how to create physical bodies for director Wang and the others!" The great Dao of origin is the best vessel ... But ... There's another difficulty. Although the great Dao of origin has lost contact with the universe of origin, the fact that the great Dao of origin hasn't collapsed means that the universe of origin is still there. The moment it's cut off, it's very dangerous. Once it collapses, you'll be finished. It's not easy!"
 Director Qi frowned. That was true.
 He thought for a while and murmured,"the great Dao of origin ... Actually, it's best to cut it off now. It's also the best time. We've lost the connection with the universe of origin. At this time, if there's an expert of the great Dao of origin here, or if they use some means to stabilize it ..."
 "Can the projection of the Imperial Palace be stabilized?"
 Li Hao suddenly asked. The other party was stunned for a moment, then nodded."Of course you can!"
 "Can the quasi Heavenly King be stabilized?"
 "This ... Of course you can!"
 "Then ... Can the starry sky sword be stabilized?" Li Hao asked excitedly.
 Director Qi coughed dryly,"it's already good enough that it didn't break, yet you want me to stabilize it?" This ... Better not be! The starry sky sword is a weapon of killing ... It's not a good thing. I suggest that we don't use it to stabilize it. "
  In his arms, the starry sky sword trembled, as if it was very dissatisfied.
 But Li Hao already had a plan, so he didn't care. He smiled and said,""So ... We can change lanes?"
 At the side, director Wang was also a little excited.""Then how much of an impact would it have on the battle prowess of the bright star sector?"
 Director Qi shook his head."I don't know. It depends on the strength of the bright star World and the degree of accommodation of the Dao of origin. If it can fully accommodate your battle prowess ... Then there won't be a problem of your battle prowess being reduced."
 Director Wang was overjoyed!
 A universe, can't it contain my measly undying power?
 Doesn't that mean ... I can directly become undying?
 Of course, Li Hao added,"it's best to cut off a part of it and start from the weak so that you can better get in touch with the new Dao. Otherwise, you'll start off too high. I'm worried that your comprehension and perception of the new Dao will be too poor, and it'll be difficult for you to make further progress!"
 "I'll just seal a part of it!"
 At this moment, director Qi continued,"didn't you seal a portion of the God's body's power?" Using the same method to seal him will allow him to integrate better with this world. You don't have to keep this domain-like thing open to protect him, he can unseal himself ... Of course, when he unseals, he won't be tolerated by the world, but the world now can generally withstand the power of an early stage peerless master ..."
 Li Hao nodded!
 "If that's the case, then I can move freely?" director Wang was overjoyed.
 Oh my God!  Not only can I access the new Dao, but I can also move freely. My God, isn't this too awesome?
 "Old Qi, the weapon bearing that you mentioned earlier ... What is that? can you tell me more about it?" he asked politely.
 Director Qi laughed."I'm just giving a suggestion. I don't know much about it. It's just a method. As for how to do it, of course, it's up to this fellow Daoist. I think he knows the great Dao and the new Dao like the back of his hand. He can even seal gods ... He knows it very well!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I wouldn't dare!"
 Li Hao said humbly,"I've only explored a little. I'm only at the beginning of the road. How can I understand?"
 Director Qi sighed with emotion,"this is how a cultivator should be!" If you were in new martial arts, if you met Supreme martial artist Zhang or the blood Emperor, you would definitely be able to have a good chat ... Of course, it's fine if you're a human King. Human Kings are unparalleled in killing and don't like to hear about these things. "
 Director Wang couldn't help but say,"how can you mention the venerable sovereign outside the remains?."
 Supreme martial artist Zhang didn't say anything, but blood Emperor was a real title of a venerable sovereign.
 Director Qi was speechless,"stupid!" The blood Emperor isn't the kind of person who kills the innocent. If he really sensed it, it would be even better for him to come and save us! It was the same for Supreme martial artist Zhang ... However, don't mention the real name of the human King. The same goes for the great emperor! The human kings and emperors have too many enemies, and they like to kill their opponents directly. If we mention them, it'll be dangerous if they're still alive ... So what if we mention others?"
 Li Hao was slightly surprised.
 He also wanted to laugh.
  According to this person, the human King and the Emperor, who was the one being protected by the Imperial Guards, were both very difficult to deal with and provoke. They had many enemies and might kill you directly.
 However, when it came to other people, it might not be the case. If they could really sense it, they might come to save them?
 Director Wang was also stunned.
 Director Qi sighed."You're a descendant of the blood Emperor. Your ancestors in heaven battling city also came from yang city. They were from the same hometown as the human King and the blood Emperor. How can you doubt the mercy of the blood Emperor?"
 "The blood Emperor is merciful?" Li Hao was stunned.
 Director Qi nodded."Compared to the other venerable sovereigns, the blood Emperor is a reasonable person. His previous incarnation, Zhan Tiandi, was an even more reasonable person!" However, there are a few venerable sovereigns who are impulsive and bloodthirsty, including venerable the sword ... So, it's best not to mention them. If you can sense them, you may not be able to distinguish between friend and foe. You may sense that they are far away, and you may use some means to directly kill the strong enemies!"
 Director Wang was speechless."Your Research Institute ... Still studies this?"
 "Of course!"
 Qi Yun sighed."Actually, at that time, we wanted to study the body of the sword Saint. Unfortunately, the sword Saint was not willing to do so. Otherwise, we would have wanted to dissect the sword Saint ... The sword saint's path of myriad DAOs returning to one is different from ordinary paths. If we could dissect the sword Saint ... It would be amazing!"

 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless.
 'F * ck, are these people from the Research Institute crazy?'
 Dissect the venerable sword?
 He was really ... Gutsy!
 Of course, he couldn't care about protecting his ancestor at this moment. He was very excited and quickly said,""Then, we'll try it when we get back. We'll treat director Wang as a test subject ... Ahem, no, as the first batch of path-changing cultivators!"
 Li Hao said excitedly,"it doesn't matter if I fail. I'll just strip my spiritual power. Director Qi, can I use this divine body as a backup measure?" If we fail and director Wang is about to die, can we give him this God's body?"
 "Sure!"
 Director Qi didn't care."I've only just fused with him and haven't completely fused with him yet. It's not a problem to separate him ... We can use him as an experiment ... Cough, as a lab rat ... No, as a pioneer. For the first lab rat ... No, the first pioneer, we do need to be more prepared! I'm also very curious about the Dao Meridian ... And even more so about the bright star field. I also hope to see if the change of the great Dao universe ... Will cause any special changes?"
 “……”
  Director Wang was speechless.
 What are you two ... Talking about?
 'What lab rat, what test subject ...' The two of them were really Frank.
 Moreover, he didn't expect that Li Hao would have such a good conversation with this guy on their first meeting. He had been worried that they would have a conflict.
 On the side, Yuming, who hadn't spoken much, suddenly said,""It's best to bring along the spiritual force reincarnation machine in the ruins. It can speed up the fusion and allow the physical body and spiritual force to be remade and mixed into one. Otherwise, there will be a sense of isolation!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Qi nodded in agreement."It's possible. However, if you do so, the damage to your physical body will be the same as your own physical body. It'll be difficult to repair, and the pain will be the same ..."
 "That's right, but if you use your body as a one-time thing, you'll never be able to merge with it!"Yuming shook his head.
 "That's true ... Wang Ye can try. "
 "However, once your physical body is destroyed, you'll have to bear the pain again," director Qi nodded.
 Yuming smiled,"director Wang is undying, he won't mind .."
 "That's not for sure. I think it's impossible to succeed in the first experiment without breaking it dozens of times ..."
 "Dozens of times?"
 "I think it's at least so!"
 "Then wouldn't that be equivalent to killing him dozens of times?"
 "Yes, that's why I don't think we need to use the spiritual power reincarnation machine in the beginning ..."
 "There's no need for that. Perhaps the problem lies in the incompatibility. I suggest that we use it every single time so that we can find out where the problem lies."
 "That makes sense!"
 “……”
 At this moment, director Wang's face was pale.
 He looked at Li Hao and really wanted to say ... I'm not trading anymore!
 I'm fine now.
 Undying body.
 It was a neo martial body, which was not bad.
 Listening to their conversation, my God, every time after the fusion, they would have to experiment and do it again. I'm afraid it would explode dozens of times ... That's equivalent to being killed dozens of times!
 Li Hao, however, did not look at him.
 The lab rat ... No, the first pioneer would be director Wang.
 He was currently chatting with Yuan Shuo.
 "Teacher, do you think ... We can replicate a complete version of the modern human body? The kind with countless Dao meridians ... Similar to the template last time?"
 Yuan Shuo frowned."There are too many Dao meridians. It's not easy to get them!"
 After saying that, he sent a voice transmission to Li Hao, we can try other things. I suggest that we make a few more backups. First, we should make 36 Dao meridians with no attribute. "
 "The second type, 72."  "The third type, 108 ... And so on!"
 "Then, I compared the individual divine power meridians, the five elements meridians, the wind lightning meridians, and various individual divine power meridians ..."
 "Also, I'll try to get more bodies of Dao meridians with divine powers and attribute-less Dao meridians. I'll use them as comparative experiments. He's an undying anyway, so I can't kill him in one try. I'll try to blow him up a few dozen times and see which one suits him best!"
 He was transmitting his words.
 However, he was much weaker than director Wang. Therefore, director Wang heard everything clearly. At this moment, his face turned pale.
 F * ck!
 Were these people still human?
 Did he deliberately use himself to experiment dozens or even hundreds of times?
 Of course, it was also reasonable. To see which one was suitable for oneself ... In fact, it was also a form of responsibility.
 If it didn't suit him, wouldn't it be a waste?
 But ... When he thought of this, he felt a chill in his heart.
 Would I experience the feeling of death hundreds of times?
 Li Hao was also a little excited,'that's right ... We do have to do a comparative experiment! Director Wang is the number one, so he has to be more responsible. We can put up with the others, but director Wang, we have to get first-hand information!"
 He then turned to look at director Qi and the other man."If the undying great Dao of origins were to withstand the rebellion, would anything happen to it after dozens or even hundreds of rebellions?"
 "As long as it's stable, nothing will happen. It's just that every time it fluctuates, it'll be a little painful." Wang Ye has the bloodline of the Wang family, so it's not a problem for him to bear the hardships. Otherwise, wouldn't he be losing the face of the blood Emperor?"
 Originally, Wang Ye was scared to death. But at this moment, he gritted his teeth and said with a firm expression,""Of course! The Wang family has the spirit of fighting the heavens throughout our lives. Why would we be afraid of death?"
 "That's good!"
 The few of them nodded at the same time. Let's test it out on him!
 Director Wang immediately regretted his words. He wanted to go back on his word, but Li Hao thought of something and hurriedly said,""Director Wang, we will definitely choose the best body for you the first time. Also, we will only have enough resources for you to choose from the first time. When I have used up all the spring of life and treasures ... I will just make up for the rest if anyone wants to convert. If you are not willing, I will go and find the 9th Division commander."
 “……”
 "Don 't!"
 "I'll do it!"Director Wang immediately said.
 What a joke!
 There was nothing wrong with Li Hao's words. Every time he created a physical body, he would have to consume treasures. If he used them up ... Where could he find a better one?
 At this moment, he gritted his teeth. 'It's me.'
 In the new era, I chose to embrace you ... I'll accept it even if I'm cut into a thousand pieces.
 At this moment, Li Hao smiled, looked at director Qi and the others, and nodded.
 "Even though we're not familiar with each other ... It's fine. We'll do some experiments together and naturally get to know each other. Let's go back and start!
 Director Qi also revealed a smile.
 Previously, he had also felt that this trip was not a good thing.
  These people, especially Li Hao's group, were not familiar with each other. They were not from the same era, so they might not be able to get along. Moreover, it seemed that Wang Ye and the others were under his control.
 But now, he suddenly felt that ... The Li family of this new era was actually different from the Li family!
 The Li family in his mind ... Were all F * cking boorish, crazy swordsmen, and violent.
 I didn't expect that after so many years, this Li family member I met would also be a research enthusiast ... Very good!
 He didn't expect that the Li family had also mutated.
 He was a little suspicious, was he ... Not a child of the Li family?
 But thinking about it, if he could use the starry sky sword, then there was a high probability ... Right?
 Who cares!
 After all, countless years later, it didn't matter whether it was true or not.
 At this moment, the group of people rushed toward the ruins of Heavenly Star Town in high spirits. Li Hao didn't have the time to care about the others. He had to try to make people first.

 A group of bold and reckless people began to prepare to make babies.
 The ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 Zhang an, who was in seclusion, was drawn out again.
 Qi Yun knew Zhang an. When he saw Zhang an, he was a little surprised. However, the two sides had not had much contact, so Qi Yun was quite respectful. He bowed and did not say much.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, began to prepare for the birth of a baby.
 First, create the physical body.
 It wasn't difficult to build a body, but there would be a lot of bodies this time. The best material to build a body was the treasure pool in the mine. This thing was originally prepared for everyone to strengthen their bodies.
 However, Li Hao felt that opening meridians to strengthen the body was better than this.
 At this moment, this thing could be used to create a physical body.
 ……
  "Director Wang, do you like to be a man or a woman?"
 Li Hao asked.
 Director Wang sat cross-legged next to the pool and said helplessly after a long while,""Men!"
 "How old do you need to be?"
 "...Around 30 years old."
 Director Wang sighed. Was there any need to ask?
 "Are there any special requirements?"
 "No, I didn 't!"
 Director Wang was about to roll his eyes. You want me to say it, what special request do I have?
 "Then let's start making babies, starting from the basic 36 meridians ..."
 Li Hao was also excited."This is the first time I've created a human. I feel like I'm the creator. Please don't blame me if I make it ugly!"
 After saying that, he began to extract the spring of life, mixing all kinds of forces, and began to create a human body.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The human body was not complicated.
 Creating flesh and blood wasn't much trouble for experts. What was troublesome was the Dao Meridian, which was the key.
 At this moment, the others were only observing and did not try.
 If Li Hao was interested, he could do it himself.
 As for Yuan Shuo, he had called for people to move the machines and treasures from the Research Institute's warehouse, so he was not here at the moment.
 A few monster plants gathered around to watch. Black Panther also stopped his closed-door cultivation and came over to observe.
 Creating a human ... Especially to use the human body to become a real body, this was also a kind of cultivation.
 Li Hao started to control the human body ...
 However, after a while, Li Hao frowned and suddenly gave up. He directly shattered the human body that had already taken shape, and energy spread out. Director Wang's heart twitched when he saw this.
 Seeing this guy crush a body that was very similar to his, he felt that this guy was trying to kill him!
 How cruel!
 As for Li Hao, he closed his eyes and pondered. A moment later, he suddenly began to reconstruct a human body. His qi and blood surged, and under the surprised gazes of the others, Li Hao stripped off his qi and blood and reassembled them, as if he had turned into a human.
  Zhang an took a look, and his eyes moved slightly.  The separation method recorded in the Yuanping Chronicles.
 Li Hao didn't want to create a rough body with ordinary means. Instead, he hoped to form a human figure through the reconstruction of vitality. Such a body would be more compact and stronger.
 There would not be a large number of loopholes.
 But ... Could Li Hao Do it?
 Li Hao wasn't too strong. Could he regenerate his vitality and create a vitality body?
 Li Hao didn't know if it would work, but he decided to give it a try.
 It was his first time anyway.
 It was his first time making a baby, and it would be good enough if he could make one. Why did he have such high requirements?
 It was a rare opportunity.
 This was also a good time for martial masters to cultivate, as they could better understand the human body's structure.
 Soon, a figure appeared.
 First, it was the body, followed by the five internal organs.
 Five internal organs. Li Hao pondered for a while and looked at director Wang."Director Wang, extract some of your blood essence from your five internal organs. I'll use your blood essence to make it. It'll be easier to fuse!"
 Director Wang was helpless.
 However, for his career, for his future ... He still chose to give himself up.
 Drops of blood essence were extracted. He looked at Li Hao with some desire."Don't use it recklessly. I've finally recovered my physical body, but it might be crippled again."
 With director Wang's blood essence, the five internal organs started to form rapidly.
 Li Hao had also fabricated the various organs in his body.
 Jokes aside, every time a body was created, a treasure would be consumed. Li Hao took this very seriously. He was worried that the creation would fail and suffer losses. No matter how many treasures he had, they would be continuously consumed.
 When all the organs in the human body were completely constructed.
 Li Hao began to prepare for the Dao Meridian.
 The Dao Meridian was the key to connecting the bright star realm.
 Weapons and the great Dao of origins could be used as vessels, but at this moment, he still needed to construct the basic Dao Meridian. Li Hao frowned slightly. How could he construct a Dao Meridian?
  It wasn't impossible to use pure energy structures, but they were too fragile.
 In this way, even if he succeeded in opening his meridians, he might not be able to absorb much of the bright star realm's energy, which would naturally make him weaker than others.
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 A moment later, he opened his eyes again."Director Wang, release some imperishable substance. I'll mix it with the imperishable substance, the spring of life, and precious pools and medicines. Let's try to create a Dao Meridian."
 Director Wang's expression changed slightly. It was very difficult to produce the imperishable substance now.
 If he gave this or too much, his body would be crippled.
 This was something that required the true bodies of five undying monster plants to recover.
 Sighing, he did not say anything more. A surge of imperishable substance appeared.
 Li Hao grabbed it and sensed it for a while. He nodded slightly. The imperishable substance was very strong and resilient. It would be quite effective to use it as a creation of the Dao Meridian.
 Li Hao was using director Wang as a lab rat. If he failed, he could just destroy his body and get five more immortal trees to recover.

 It was no big deal.
 ……
 The Dao meridians started to appear according to the arrangement in Li Hao's memory.
 Without the bright star sector's support, it wasn't a big problem for energy to appear.
 Soon, Li Hao created a body with 36 Dao meridians.
 Looking at the person in front of them, everyone felt a little strange.
 He looked similar to director Wang, but younger.
 However, there was no sign of life at the moment.
 Li Hao said,"in order to prevent any mistakes, let's try the first one first. Let's see if it can communicate with the bright star World. If it doesn't work, it'll be a waste to make more later."
 Then, he looked at director Wang."This is the first time. There's no need to pay too much attention to it. Director doesn't need to cut off the great Dao of the origin, but you need to transplant your spiritual force over. Also, you need a powerful weapon to be the vessel to connect to the bright star sector."
  Weapon?
 Director Wang thought about it and a pair of gloves appeared in his hands."I only have this ... The city Lord seal can't be used recklessly."
 Li Hao glanced at it. It was barely okay.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Let's try it first!
 He didn't say anything. He took the boxing gloves and started to fiddle with them.
 At this moment, more and more people started to gather around. Yuan Shuo had returned with Hong Yitang and a few others. No one said a word and just watched in silence, waiting for a miracle to happen.
 After fiddling with it for a while, Li Hao forcibly integrated the boxing gloves into his Dao Meridian with divine text.
 "It's best to get a magical power Meridian and use it as a guide to draw in the power of the bright star field. Which magical power do you like, director Wang?"
 Director Wang was stunned. Which one did he like?
 I can still choose?
 This was interesting.
 "How about the vein of lightning?" he asked after some thought.
 Li Hao laughed,"lightning element?" It's quite destructive, director Wang is good at fist techniques, using the power of the Thunder...Isn't bad "
 The lightning attribute and the lightning Meridian were the Dao meridians of the Zhu pillar.
 Li Hao didn't waste any time. He created a Dao Meridian on the spine, but there was no power of lightning inside. Li Hao said,""At the start, there's definitely no power of lightning. But the various parts of the human body and their corresponding Dao meridians should be connected to different regions of the bright star sector ... They should be able to draw in the power of lightning."
 At this point, the biggest problem had arrived.
 At this moment, Li Hao needed to travel around the bright star sector and help him connect, which was the key. However, the bright star sector was vast. How could he find a place, locate it, and then connect?
 This was the difficult problem!
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 Moreover, it was very easy for him to get lost in the bright star sector and be unable to return ... And then he would be finished.  "I'll go!"Yuan Shuo suddenly said.
 "I'll go in and take a look!"He looked at Li Hao and said with a smile.
 He had once wandered the bright star sector.
 Li Hao's move wasn't just to create a body for director Wang. It was of great significance. If the man-made Dao Meridian connected to the bright star sector succeeded ... It would be a miracle in the history of cultivation.
 It would also speed up the development of the bright star sector and allow everyone to have a better understanding of the new Great Dao.
 However, it was also extremely dangerous.
 Li Hao took a deep breath and shook his head, no, I'll go! "This time, I'll use the starry sky sword to determine the location and stay in this body. Teacher also has a mission to work with director Wang to control this body and circulate the five birds technique as well as the wind lightning secret technique! If my perception is too weak, I might not be able to locate it ... When that time comes, I'll need teacher to help me connect the inside and outside to locate the Dao meridians in my body!"
 Yuan Shuo immediately frowned."It's all just a guess. If we can't communicate with the outside world and can't locate you, you'll be too far away. It's very likely that you'll be completely lost in the bright star realm. Let me do it!"
 "No, I'll do it,"
 Li Hao laughed. He took out the starry sky sword and hovered around Li Hao like a small dragon. Li Hao said softly,""You are the first sword in the current world! You have to lock onto the location of this world and keep releasing your strongest aura as the catalyst for my return ... Otherwise, I'll be lost in the bright star World, and you'll fall silent again. "
 The starry sky sword trembled slightly, and an exceptionally sharp aura burst forth.
 Li Hao couldn't get lost!
 If he had really been lost in the bright star sector, Li Hao might not have died, but he might have been lost for countless years.
 The great Dao did not know the years.
 If he disappeared from the Silver Moon and entered the bright star sector, it would be millions of years before Li Hao came out again.
 "It's so dangerous ... Why don't we just forget about it ..."Director Wang couldn't help but say.
 Getting lost in the Dao universe sounded terrifying.
 For a period of time, heaven battling city's experts had actually suspected that the human King and the others had been lost in the great Dao universe.
 Of course, it might not be the great Dao of origins.
  It was the enemy's great Dao universe!
 The universe was vast, but the human King might not be lost in the universe with a group of experts. However, if the human King annihilated a strong enemy and wanted to completely destroy their faith and cultivation path, he might invade the great Dao universe.
 Then ... There was a possibility of getting lost.
 Of course, no one was willing to think too deeply about this problem. Invading the enemy's so-called bed universe meant that it was more difficult to cut the weeds and eliminate the roots and destroy the other party's cultivation Foundation than to destroy the world.
 Would the human King ... Do this?
 Who knows?
 Li Hao, on the other hand, didn't hesitate much. With a smile, his body gradually disappeared.
 At this moment, not far away, Zhang an sighed softly.
 This guy ... Sometimes made him very hesitant.
 He thought of many people. Li Hao was like many people, but not quite like them. When he was ruthless, he was more ruthless than anyone else, but when he was gentle, he was gentler than anyone else.

 When he thought about the human Kings of his generation, he realized that they were truly ruthless.
 He thought of his grandfather. His grandfather was kind, but he was also ruthless and had killed countless people.
 Li Hao also killed people. He had once learned from the human King and wanted to kill all his enemies.
 However, he gradually went in the wrong direction. Someone instilled in him the so-called soft-heartedness of a woman. Li Hao actually did not kill many of the millions of supers in the city of supers.
 Many thoughts appeared in Zhang an's mind. He didn't know who Li Hao was like.
 Perhaps he didn't look like anyone.
 Li Hao, perhaps he was Li Hao.
 However, every successful person had their own unique charm. For example, at this moment, he was clearly much stronger than the other party, but when he saw the other party enter the vast universe of the great path for the orthodoxy, the great path, and the inheritance ... He still felt that he did not have Li Hao's courage and determination.
 ……
 In the vast bright star realm.
  Li Hao appeared alone.
 He looked around at the bright stars.
 He revealed a smile. Before this, he had wanted to wander the void, but he didn't dare to. This time, he had the opportunity to wander the starry sky. Although it was said that it was to find a chance for director Wang, in reality, it was also a self-encouragement.
 I want to see the vast universe!
 What was the great path universe like?
 Li Hao was no longer satisfied with this small piece of land.
 It was a new Dao, but as the discoverer, he didn't know much about it, so how could he make everyone feel at ease?
 Today, he would explore it first.
 Li Hao's body turned into a Tiger and pounced forward. He couldn't sense the coordinates left by director Wang's body, so he could only wander around aimlessly.
 In the starry sky.
 Li Hao flew to the nearest planet.
 The star was like a sharp sword.
 He had always suspected that this was Hong Yitang's Dao Meridian, but he couldn't be sure. He didn't check it before. Now, he didn't have any scruples and just wandered over there.
 The universe was vast. Although Li Hao was extremely fast and his opponent was very close to him, it took him a long time to approach the planet.
 It was like a sharp sword that stood in the void!
 Li Hao rode the fierce tiger and approached the sharp sword.
 At this moment, he was more curious. The sword star was covered with sword marks. Was this ... Hong Yitang's Dao Meridian?
 He quickly approached, but the vast star burst out with a brilliant sword light.
 It seemed to be driving away foreign enemies!
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the outside world.
 Hong Yitang suddenly frowned. He instantly sat down cross-legged and a universe seemed to appear in his eyes. He seemed to have seen a fierce tiger.
 The sword intent was revealed, covering the world! This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Soon, it attracted the attention of the others. They were all puzzled. Hong Yitang opened his eyes and said in a deep voice,""I don't know if Li Hao is near my area, but I vaguely feel like I've seen a fierce tiger ..."
 Yuan Shuo's eyes flickered, and he said nothing more. With a low shout, the body that he had just created burst out with a dazzling light."Director Wang, let your spirit enter and activate the secret technique of five birds. Speed up!"
 Director Wang didn't dare to delay and quickly injected his spiritual power into the new body.
 It was his first time controlling this body, so he wasn't very familiar with it.
 However, they still knew about the secret technique of five birds. When everyone was discussing it, this secret technique had also been made public. This cultivation technique was not specifically for the cultivation of the lock of five internal organs, and it was somewhat different from before.
 Director Wang used his cultivation technique while Yuan Shuo helped to pull it.
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the bright star sector.
 That huge star suddenly started to transform. It would turn into a huge Golden Star for a moment and then into a huge earth-colored star for another.
 Li Hao was dazed for a moment, but he was soon overjoyed. It seemed to be Hong Yitang's Dao Meridian.
 The meridian of myriad changes!
 "Interesting ... I see!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. What would happen if he destroyed the other party's Dao Meridian here?
 The universe of origin seemed to be able to do this back then.
 If he destroyed the other party's great Dao of origins, the other party would die completely.
 Then, would the bright star sector be the same?
 It was just that ... It was impossible to distinguish between friend and foe, unless one had a very recognizable Dao Meridian like Hong Yitang 's. Otherwise, if one were to act recklessly, one might kill one's own people.
 "The great Dao is really interesting!"
 Li Hao chuckled. Without saying anything else, he turned around and left.
 He walked along the void and wandered around.
 However, he didn't sense the existence of a cultivation technique of the same origin.
 Li Hao's head ached. This void was boundless ... How could he find it?
  At this moment, Li Hao suddenly conjured a piece of divine text. It was as bright as the stars, and a huge star appeared in the void like the sun.
 Dao!
 ? At that moment, the divine text of Dao was revealed. In an instant, it revealed an infinitely powerful aura, which turned into a sun and illuminated the nearby void.
 And at this moment, the great star fluctuated slightly.
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He simply used the secret technique of five birds.
 Soon, Li Hao's figure appeared on the vast planet. He activated the secret technique of five birds and began to fluctuate and draw, as if he was actively searching for the source of the fluctuation.
 After an unknown amount of time, Li Hao suddenly opened his eyes, which glowed.
 In an instant, the great star shifted.
 As he flew in one direction, he thought of one thing."The great Dao is too scattered. It's hard to find it. I should sort it out. The Thunder great Dao is in the Thunder great Dao area. Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth should be separated. This way, it'll be easy to find them!"
 "The bright star sector probably hasn't been born for too long. To the great Dao universe, tens of millions of years might just be the beginning ... It's very chaotic now ... If I have the time and the strength, I should help to sort out the great Dao!"

 Of course, if he couldn't sort out the bright star sector, he should sort out his own great Dao.
 It would be easier for him to cultivate if he could clearly distinguish the great DAOs.
 Otherwise, the great DAOs would be mixed together and difficult to cultivate.
 Just like now, it was extremely difficult to find director Wang's body.
 However, Li Hao still sensed something different. Perhaps, because there were too few people who could sense the bright star sector, only those with power could. Therefore, the entire universe was very quiet.
 It also gave Li Hao a chance.
 The great star shift!
 He flew in a certain direction.
 ……
 In the outside world.
  Time slowly passed.
 One hour, two hours, three hours ...
 At this moment, even the starry sky sword seemed to be a little restless. It had lost contact with Li Hao, and its aura was a little violent.
 Everyone was silent.
 Director Wang's eyes became even more solemn as his spiritual power entered his new body. In order to find a path for himself and forge a new body, Li Hao had entered the bright star sector alone. If he really got lost and couldn't return ... He didn't dare to think about it.
 p Yuan Shuo, on the other hand, was very calm. He said in a deep voice,""Don't let your thoughts run wild and continue to use the secret technique of five birds! Give Li Hao directions ... The universe is too big, and searching will take time. What's a few hours?"  Even though he said that, he was feeling a little anxious.
 A few hours. If there was any deviation ... Who knew where Li Hao would run off to?
 Could he return with the help of the starry sky sword?
 Just as everyone was feeling anxious, Yuan Shuo suddenly raised his brows."Do you feel anything?"
 Director Wang was suspicious. What feeling?
 "Can you feel the fluctuations of a cultivation technique with the same origin?" Yuan Shuo asked in a deep voice.
 No, there wasn 't.
 Although director Wang didn't sense it, he still said,""A little ..."
 It was to calm her own heart and also to calm the hearts of others.
 Yuan Shuo, on the other hand, closed his eyes and sensed that Li Hao had arrived.
 He had found it!
 In that unfamiliar universe of the great path, he had really done it and found his way here.
 ……
 In the dark Universe.
 Li Hao stopped in the void. There was nothing there, no stars, no momentum, only darkness, endless darkness. But at this moment, the dark void seemed to be fluctuating.
 The 'Dao' star was also slightly fluctuating.
 The two fluctuations seemed to come from the same source.
 "Over here!"
 Li Hao's heart stirred. But ... How could he penetrate the bright star sector?
 "A cultivation technique from the same source with the same fluctuations. Perhaps I can break through it!"
 Li Hao thought, it should be possible, right?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was his first time doing such a thing, so he was not very familiar with it.
 After thinking for a while, the Dao star appeared, and the other great stars also appeared.
 The divine runes turned into stars.
 Metal, wood, water, fire, earth, and wind and lightning were all displayed.  The next moment, a sword intent appeared.
 The big stars turned into li Haos and began to practice the breathing technique of five birds.
 Li Hao took a deep breath. What he had inhaled was all special energy, but he couldn't care about it at the moment. After staying here for a long time, he had noticed some problems. After a long time, his connection with the outside world was getting weaker and weaker.
 If it was too long, he might be assimilated by the great Dao and completely lose the chance to return.
 Many stars shook the void at the same time.
 He shook it again and again in the hope that he could guide the other party's Dao Meridian in through the same-source cultivation technique.
 ……
 "There it is!"
 This time, director Wang sensed it and was surprised,""Something seems to be calling me!"
 "I found Li Hao," Yuan Shuo said in a deep voice."But this body isn't born with a Dao body, so it can't naturally connect to the bright star realm. It can only break through later on ... This is also a problem for human cultivation in the future ... If it can't naturally connect to the bright star realm, we can only develop it bit by bit ..."
 After saying that, he took a deep breath."Director Wang, speed up. Circulate your cultivation technique at full power. Open the bright star sector through the same-source oscillation!"
 "Alright!"
 BOOM!
 His qi and blood soared to the sky, and his newly-born body crazily absorbed the energy from the surroundings.
 All 36 Dao meridians were operating.
 The lightning Dao Meridian on the pillar was also commanding the forces, and powerful energy fluctuations emanated from it.
 Thump thump thump!
 Like a beating heart, ripples appeared on his new body, shaking the void!
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the outside world.
 Heaven and earth seemed to be breathing.
 It trembled slightly, and waves rose.
 At this moment, the people outside looked up at the sky. They seemed to see a Second Sun.
 ……
 In a distant Western country.
 Within the divine Kingdom.
 A group of existences that were sealed in the ruins suddenly opened their eyes. They were as bright as the stars as they looked up at the sky and murmured,""What ... What is this?"
 It was as if a Second Sun had appeared!
 There must be a reason for things to be abnormal.
  Who was causing the changes in the entire land of Silver Moon?
 These days, this kind of change had happened more than once, but each time, there would be a different change.
 ……
 Silver Moon land.
 In a huge ancient city, someone also opened his eyes and looked out. At this moment, even in the ruins, the sky and earth seemed to have appeared. A star was like the sun, accompanied by many weak stars that were beating around.
 The person who opened his eyes muttered to himself,'is the great Dao changing? Has a new Dao appeared?"
 Strange!
 Why would there be such a special change?
 At this moment, the person who opened his eyes said softly,""Are there any changes in the outside world?"
 "My Lord," a voice said,"nothing has changed recently. The world has become more stable. Some people's origin source avatars have come out, but the world is not strong enough to accommodate the true body of the strong ..."

 "What about the humans of this era?"
 "There's no one who's peerless in this generation. However, the Silver Moon Li family's heir, Li Hao, might have obtained some great opportunities. It's said that he's already attained seven-elemental magical power ... And is comparable to a peerless power!"
 The Li family?
 The person who opened his eyes was silent for a moment before he slowly said,""Send someone out to cut off the origin and exterminate Li Hao!"
 "Yes!"
 Soon, one figure after another disappeared into the sky.
 Those who opened their eyes closed their eyes again.
 Li Hao ... Seven elements ... Was he the one who caused this?
 Probably not.
 Perhaps, the appearance of heaven's will had stirred up the wind and clouds.
  But no matter what, he had to first exterminate this person.
 ……
 On this day, it was as if a second star had appeared in the land of the Silver Moon.
 Countless martial masters who had comprehended force could sense it. They looked up at the sky in confusion. They felt that the star was in the sky, but they also felt that it was in their hearts!
 Yes, it was an extremely special feeling.
 It was as if he was the sun in his heart.
 ……
 This was how the others felt.
 At this moment, Silver Moon was among the Tiger wing Army.
 Some people looked up at the sky. Hu dingfang and his wife were also looking at the sky. At this moment, they were both circulating their cultivation technique, the breathing technique of five birds, and the aura on their bodies kept growing stronger."This star ... It appeared so suddenly that it is no small matter. But ... Why do I feel that it is related to five birds sect?"
 Chen Yuhua took a deep breath.""I don't know, but I have this feeling too. Maybe it has something to do with master, or ... With my Little Junior Brother."
 Hu dingfang frowned slightly."How could this be? the stars suddenly appeared like the sun ..." He said.
 Even though he felt that it had something to do with the other party, but ... How could that be possible?
 ……
 At another location.
 Director Zhao was also looking at the sky. He frowned and no longer smiled. There was definitely something wrong.
 More importantly, when he closed his eyes, he seemed to have seen a God!
 Yes, a God!
 That person sat cross-legged on the vast planet, surrounded by many stars. It was as if he was the Lord of heaven and earth, shocking everyone.
 Even though it was just a video, it still shocked him.
 Why ... Did that person look so much like Li Hao?
  How could that be!  Wasn't li Hao still in stellarsky city building roads for everyone?
 Director Zhao kept shaking his head, telling himself that it was just an illusion.
 He didn't expect that the appearance of this huge star would cause him to hallucinate.
 His figure flickered, and it didn't take long for him to enter an ancient city.
 At this moment, there were also figures floating around in the ancient city. Someone saw him coming and said in a deep voice,""Director Zhao, why are there some changes outside? Do you know what happened?"
 "I should be the one asking you guys." Director Zhao shook his head.
 At this moment, in the center of the city, a towering tree exuded a faint radiance. A weak voice resounded,""The stars reflect the heavens and earth. This might be the appearance of a new Dao! "Dao elements have just been created, essences have disappeared, and the world has changed. A new era ... Is about to arrive!"
 An illusionary figure appeared. It was like an old woman who had experienced the vicissitudes of life. She looked up at the sky with a walking stick in her hand and muttered,"Who can open a new path after all these years? Or could it be that heaven and earth have changed and a new Dao has been created?"
 "Venerable one, what do you mean?" director Zhao asked solemnly.
 "The new Dao ... The beginning of a new era is coming, or perhaps ... The era of the celestial Emperor is coming! From now on, perhaps there would be opportunities and opportunities in the world. Who could seize them and reach the sky in a single step? Unfortunately, I'm afraid we won't have the chance to walk the path of the origin source ... From today on, all the new humans in the new era will have a chance!"
 Director Zhao raised his eyebrows and smiled,"I don't think so .."
 The old woman didn't say anything. She looked at the sky again and said after a long time,"What a pity ... But you still have a chance. Do you feel anything different?"
 Director Zhao thought for a moment."It's nothing much. It's just that my cultivation has been going much smoother."
 "That's right!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "A new Dao," the old woman said in a low voice,"it might be related to martial masters!"
 Director Zhao's heart moved, but he didn't say anything. He quickly said,"Since you don't know, I'll go out and take a look. In addition, the world is becoming more and more stable. Recently, the world Energy has become so dense that even sovereigns have naturally recovered ... It seems that the experts of all families are about to recover! When the world is stable, I hope everyone can help Silvermoon!"
 "Naturally!"
 The old woman nodded slightly and said,"by the way, a few days ago, we sensed that something might have happened to some of the eight divine weapons. The Stargate can't be opened again. Do you have any clues or news?"
 "There's one thing. When Ying Hongyue and Li Hao were fighting, they self-destructed their divine weapons, which might have caused the eight great divine weapons to explode. "
 Director Zhao laughed."They're all ruthless people. We can't afford to offend them ... We can only wait for everyone to come out of seclusion."
  "I'll be leaving then!"He cupped his hands.
 After he disappeared, the monster plant said softly,""This person ... It seems like he doesn't trust us."
 "It's normal. "
 A gold-tier warrior said in a deep voice,"this person has always been limiting the speed of our recovery. Even the later opening of heaven battling city, general Huai, has already recovered. If it weren't for the recent recovery of heaven and earth energy, the venerable one would probably have a hard time recovering ... This person ... Sigh!"
 He couldn't say much.
 No one spoke anymore, and the ancient city fell silent.
 ……
 And at this moment.
 In the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 A bright light covered director Wang's new body. At this moment, director Wang roared and a universe seemed to appear behind him with a few big stars!

 Zhang an quickly emerged and looked at the shadow behind him. His expression changed slightly.""Quick, use the Dao of essence! I'll stabilize the passage first and use the gloves as the outer shell of the origin Dao ..."
 Director Wang had a pained expression on his face."This ... Is only the first body ..."
 "Don't worry about it first. I'll first present the origin Dao and stabilize the great Dao universe ..."
 "Alright!"
 Director Wang didn't say anything more. A great Dao was presented. At this moment, Zhang an also presented his great Dao, helping the other party to stabilize his great Dao.
 "Imperial Guards, Imperial Palace, suppress!"
 At the side, little tree didn't say much, and the Imperial Palace's shadow instantly appeared.
 At this moment, director Qi and Yu Ming appeared one after another, carrying a huge machine. Director Qi revealed a smile,""Director Wang, strip the great Dao and stabilize the channel. We will help you merge your spirit into your body. It's getting more and more compatible ..."
 Director Wang revealed a look of fear!
 艹!
  This was only the first experiment. Was he going to start?
 The two of them ignored him and grabbed him, stuffing him into the huge machine. Director Qi said excitedly,""The fusion of essence, spirit, and soul, the shift of the great Dao ... Once it's stabilized, he can transform into the human of the new era ..."
 "I can't believe ... I'll be able to see my spirit energy reincarnate, and even change to the great Dao!" Yuming was very excited.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This was too exciting!
 Director Wang struggled for a moment, and then he suddenly screamed,""It hurts ... Uncle-master, what are you doing?"
 In the void, a book appeared in Zhang an's hand. A figure appeared, holding a large blade and cutting the great Dao of origin. Zhang an was also a little excited. "It's okay. I'll help you cut the great Dao. Bear with it. There will be pain ... It's like dying once ... But don't worry, we'll keep you alive!"
 "All monster plants, inject the spring of life into it to stabilize its vital signs!" The captains of the star Army, work with the Silver Moon Martial Master and stabilize him. Don't let him struggle ..."
 In an instant, several silver puppets appeared, followed by a large number of Silver Moon martial masters, locking him in place.
 Director Wang roared and screamed,"It hurts!"
 Heavens!
 These people were trying to kill him.
 At this moment, his Dao had been cut off, his body had been locked, and his mind power was still forcibly fusing into his body. He was in even more pain, and his body felt like it was about to explode. A special force entered his body through The Phantom behind him, almost causing him to explode.
 "I'm not converting anymore ... Uncle-master, let me go ... Ah ..."He screamed in pain.
 The feeling of the blunt knife cutting through flesh was too painful.
 A moment later, he cried out,"uncle-master, stop cutting. One slash ... You cut me one slash after another ... I can't stand it!"
 "You're right." Zhang an suddenly turned to look at him."I was worried that you wouldn't be able to bear it ..."
 As soon as he finished speaking, he slashed down with his saber!
 With a cracking sound, the great Dao collapsed. At this moment, a miserable cry erupted instantly. Then, there was no sound, as if he had died completely.
 The Imperial Palace suppressed the great Dao, preventing it from collapsing.
 Zhang an's book of Dao appeared, holding up director Wang's Dao and forcefully pushing it into the void.
 ……
  At the same time.  Heaven battling city.
 All of a sudden, the cultivators 'hearts trembled. The ninth master appeared in an instant, and the two old men had appeared long ago. At this moment, they were looking at the sky with solemn expressions.
 "Wang Ye ... Seems to be dead!"
 The ninth Division commander said solemnly,""He ... Did he die?"
 The two old men were silent.
 At this moment, they also vaguely sensed that the old turtle was silent for a while, and then slowly said,""He might be dead ... The great Dao might have collapsed. The origin I left behind has completely cut off its connection with me ... His great Dao origin, has also ... Disappeared."
 The few of them were silent.
 He was dead!
 Wang Ye had gone out to protect Li Hao. If Wang Ye died, what about Li Hao?
 Only a few people had been revived in heaven battling city. Wang Ye had been in charge of heaven battling city for many years, and even if they weren't familiar with him back then, he was one of the few comrades they had today. But today, the sky had changed, and Wang Ye seemed to have died!
 At this moment, the three powerhouses felt a little sorrowful.
 At this moment, the thousands of soldiers on the city wall suddenly beat their chests. A few Regiment commanders suddenly became extremely sorrowful and shouted,""See you off, director Wang!"
 Another one had left!
 Thump thump thump!
 It was like the beating of war drums!
 At this moment, a killing intent spread out, shaking heaven battling city. Director Wang, who had been in charge of the inner city for many years, was dead.
 At that moment, the ninth Division commander shouted angrily,""You killed the people of Zhan Tian and the general of my city. Killing my comrades, killing my colleagues, unforgivable! I want to separate my avatar and go out. Heaven-battling soldiers, follow me!"
 "Yes!"
 With a loud bang, the armor shook!
 The next moment, a golden armor appeared on the ninth master's body. He held a long sword and shouted,""Get out of the city. The guards will be the vanguards, and we'll set off!"
  "Boom boom boom!"
 Their armors collided, and thousands of soldiers appeared. Their killing intent shook the sky. The two old men wanted to persuade them, but they couldn 't.
 The next moment, the gold-tier warrior led the Army and rushed out of the relic!
 ……
 In an instant, a heaven-battling Army of thousands of people appeared in the valley.
 The night patrolmen on guard were all shocked!
 A gold-tier warrior's voice resounded through the heavens and the earth,""You killed my heaven battling city's Guard Director, and this enmity will be avenged. Those who rebelled in the past, heaven battling city will definitely kill you all! The eight major cities are United against a common enemy. Good luck!"
 BOOM!
 ,m The Army set out, heading straight for heavenstar.  At this moment, some of the ruins in the Silver Moon land were in chaos.

 The director of heaven battling city's security guards was killed?
 Could it be that the heavenly transformation was related to this person's death?
 More importantly, how did the other party get out?
 Where was he killed?
 The one who had appeared now seemed to be the valiant general of heaven battling city, Li Daozong. This man had killed countless people, and the longevity sword in his hand was the true inheritance of the Li family. Even though the restrictions of heaven and earth were present, and it was only a clone, it still represented invincibility among those at the same cultivation level!
 A battle general with unparalleled killing had actually led his Army out of the city today!
 At this moment, director Zhao, who was far away in the White moon City, was also dumbfounded.
 What was going on?
 Heaven battling city had actually directly dispatched their troops!
 Heaven battling city, which had been sealed for countless years, was led by a master and dispatched thousands of undead soldiers, but they actually came out. This was an extremely inconceivable thing. Those soldiers ... How could they still retain their spirituality after leaving the city?
  ……
 At this moment, director Wang didn't know any of this. He only had one thought ... Let me die!
 p Endless pain spread.  And this was only the beginning.
 The great Dao of origins spread towards the bright star field.
 In the bright star sector, Li Hao was also on the verge of collapse. He was in pain and could not stabilize himself!
 What to do?
 It could penetrate through, but ... Stabilizing it was a big problem.
 At this moment, the bright star sector seemed to be in turmoil. Perhaps it was because Li Hao had run through the bright star sector that it felt uncomfortable and wanted to expel Li Hao and the great Dao of origin.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, gritted his teeth and left his vast star where he was. With a low roar, he captured the great Dao of origin and connected it to his vast star.
 Who cares!
 He had to stabilize the passage first!
 BOOM!
 Brilliant lights and shadows emerged on the star of the character 'Dao', and the star was shaking violently. Li Hao was so overwhelmed that he couldn't care less. At this moment, he had to go back.
 I can't stay too long!
 Unfortunately, he couldn't get out of director Wang's tunnel. Otherwise, he would have taken this path.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao chose to leave the Dao star where he was. He turned into a fiery Tiger and instantly disappeared.
 Void travel!
 After an unknown amount of time, a low shout was heard and a punch was thrown. A small sword pierced through the void, and Li Hao disappeared from the bright star sector through the channel opened by the starry sky sword.  When Li Hao's figure appeared, director Wang had already been dragged out of the machine. At this moment, his face was ashen.
 The pain had already numbed him.
 I'm dead!
 Don't disturb me!
 As for Li Hao, he smiled when he saw this. He could sense his own aura from director Wang. The aura of a Dao star. The channel had been successfully stabilized!
 At this moment, the origin aura on director Wang's body rapidly changed. From the origin aura, it gradually turned into the aura of the bright star sector.
 Director Wang seemed to have come back to his senses. He glanced at Li Hao and mumbled,""Father ..."
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment. The next moment, director Wang came to his senses and shouted,""What did you do to me? Why do I feel like I'm seeing my father when I see you?"
 艹!
 What did Li Hao Do to him?
 This was intolerable!
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"I've left the star of Dao behind as your connection point. So ... You're temporarily connected to my Dao character. I'll withdraw it when you stabilize it. So, during this time, you ... Will probably be very close to me!"
 Director Wang was stunned. The next moment, he let out a mournful cry!
 艹!
 No wonder!
 I was wondering why I felt like I was seeing my father when I saw Li Hao.
 In the air, Zhang an looked at Li Hao with a strange expression.
  This great Dao conversion ... Was truly bizarre.
 And Li Hao was really bold to leave behind his own Dao divine text.
 As for the others, they didn't care about this. In an instant, they all shouted.
 "I've succeeded!"
 It actually worked!
 The great Dao of origins really ran through the bright star field. At this moment, even the monster plants had some thoughts. What if our great Dao of origins were also grafted to the bright star field?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for director Wang, his body was cracked. He looked at his cracked body and then at Li Hao. After a while, he said,""It seems......A little too much ......"
 Li Hao nodded."It's normal. This body isn't too strong, but the channel opened by your Dao of origin is stronger, so too much energy is being poured into it. It's a little hard for you to bear. Don't worry. This is the first time. We'll continue to create different bodies for you to try ..."
 In an instant, director Wang wished he could just die.
 This ... Was just the beginning.

