fileno%d
e two thousand soldiers and a few hundred warrior puppets. They were not weak.
 With 10 people in a formation, almost every team could have a thousand-player character.
 One team could suppress one three suns!
 2000 people, 200 teams!
 Outsiders might think that he was a waste, but today, they would know whether he was a waste or not!
 On the other side, there were thousands of supers and many sunrise realm experts. However ... They were all trembling in fear. The next moment, a middle-aged general stepped forward and sighed,""The Tian fa Army is willing to surrender!"
 Not everyone was like he Liang, and not everyone was like the brawny general from earlier.
 It was true that the HU clan had nurtured them, but ... The HU clan had been defeated!
 He Liang had been killed, and the thousands of supers had been killed in an instant, while the other party was completely unharmed ... At this moment, they were completely defeated. The Demon Hunter Army was invincible.
 The other party didn't even send out a single expert.
  The strongest one was Liu Long.
 But ... What about now?
 "I surrender!"
 Everyone shouted.
 "Kneel down and don't kill me!" Liu Long shouted.
 "Kneel and don't kill!"
 The expressions of the few sunguang's changed. A moment later, they knelt down one after another. Thousands of Tian fa soldiers also knelt down, their faces pale and bloodless.
 He was defeated!
 A crushing defeat!
 Behind him, in the criminal law Yamen, someone shivered and knelt on the ground with a thud.
 In the next moment, a series of kneeling sounds were heard.
 "What a bunch of weaklings!" Nan Quan grinned and muttered,"kill them all!"
 Hou Xiaochen glared at him from the side.
 The war had just begun. If they killed the surrendered soldiers now, would they kill everyone in the world next?
 After killing a group of rebels, even if these supers were sent to the mines, they would not be comparable to ordinary people.
 What the hell does this brute Southern Fist know?
 4,000 supers, even building a city ... Was something that could be done in a day.
 What do you know?
 Hou Xiaochen's heart was filled with disdain as he cursed inwardly.
 Wasn't this what Li Hao was thinking when he chose to surrender this time?
 Otherwise, do you think Li Hao is more soft-hearted than you?
 Sure enough, Li Hao was smiling from ear to ear. 4000 superpowers!
 As for these people being spineless ... Li Hao didn't care. That was how a war was. When the commander was killed, the Deputy commander was killed, and the rebels were killed, the rest would just follow the tide.
 There had been no lack of such people in the past dynasties.
 Strictly speaking ... The Army of this era was just trying to make a living. What could you expect from them?
  To be honest, it was already unexpected for one-fifth of the people to stand up.  He had thought that the entire Tian fa Army had either surrendered or dispersed.
 To be able to maintain such an organized system, he Liang was a good commander. He was well-mannered and popular. Under such circumstances, to be able to lead 5000 supers to this place ... Was not easy!
 The Commander-in-Chief was dead, and the morale of the Army was scattered, but a thousand people were still willing to fight ... Even Li Hao had to say that military discipline was strict!
 "Enter the mansion!"
 With Li Hao's shout, Liu Long and the others opened up a path and pushed away the supers blocking their way. At this moment, except for a few people in the criminal Division, they all knelt on the ground.
 "The governor is invited into the manor!"
 "The governor is invited into the manor!"
 Everyone shouted in unison!
 Jiusi Street was completely silent.
 Li Hao, who was wearing the Golden armor, also attracted a lot of attention! Some experts were even shocked!
 No wonder he had over a thousand soldiers under him!
 Li Hao ... Was actually a master-level figure in the ancient civilization. Unbelievable.
 At the side, Qi Pingjiang was a little surprised. However, after taking a look, he quickly disappeared from his spot. There was no need to look anymore. The criminal Division ... Had completely changed hands.
 Those who blocked the way were all killed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Who could stop Li Hao at this moment?
 From now on, the nine divisions would still be the nine divisions ... Except that there was one less Criminal Law Division and one more Heavenly Star governor's office.
 Li Hao strode in. At this moment, everyone in the mansion knelt on the ground, but ... Some people were still standing.
 An old man with a curly beard looked at Li Hao. After a moment of silence, he said slowly,""Governor li, we are just ordinary old officials. The battle between transcendents has nothing to do with us ... Can we ... Leave?"
 An ordinary old official?
 Li Hao smiled.
 All of them looked old, but they were not weak.
 He looked at these people, smiled, and nodded slightly.""Yes! However ... It was fine as long as he was innocent! Investigate and detain them first. As long as they're not guilty, they can stay or leave as they wish. As for the sinners ... Behead them!"
 Some were calm, some were afraid.
 Li Hao didn't say much. He shouted in a low voice,"Men, take them away and interrogate them properly! The rest of you ... Get up, continue with your work, and abide by your duties!"
  "Yes!"
 The crowd shouted, and people quickly came over and escorted the old men who were unwilling to kneel down. No one dared to resist, and they could not resist.
 At this moment, a transformed expert looked up at Li Hao in fear.""Governor li ... We ... Are familiar with everything in the criminal Division and are willing to serve you. Please ... Take us in!"
 Sometimes, one could not let go of power.
 When Li Hao didn't choose to randomly kill people, these experts also had the same idea.
 We ... Can we continue to stay?
 Li Hao, someone has to do it, right?
 As for the nine divisions and the imperial family, who would be afraid of anything at this point?
 Could they take down Li Hao?
 Li Hao laughed heartily,"good!" Get up and do your job well ... Of course, the premise is ... Don't commit any Major Crimes. If it's a minor crime, you can go back and admit to your punishment. At most, you'll be severely punished. If you don't lose your lives, you can continue to work and make up for your mistakes ... If you commit a major crime ... As a law-enforcement officer, don't blame me for being merciless!"

 Some people heaved a sigh of relief. That was good.
 From the looks of it, this person wasn't as bloodthirsty as the rumors said.
 At this moment, not only them, but the people outside also heaved a sigh of relief. Some of them were clearly not from the criminal Division, but they all heaved a sigh of relief, as if they were thinking, the next time they attack our side ... Will it be the same?
 Seeing this scene, some people's expressions changed slightly.
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In the Imperial Palace.
 Everyone was also looking at the screen. A Prince frowned and said,"This Li Hao ... He didn't kill indiscriminately like the rumors said. If he did, it would be a good thing. He's extremely brutal and would only make people fear him, and no one would dare to submit to him or rely on him ..."
 But now, it was clear from the others 'behavior. Some people were probably relieved.
 This was not a good thing!
 The heavenly astral king only looked on in silence, not saying anything.
  This time, Li Hao had killed all the powerful enemies, which was out of his expectations. He had also taken the base of one of the nine divisions.
 And the performance of the Demon Hunters was still beyond expectations.
 In the end, Li Hao let those people go and only temporarily detained them, which was even more unexpected.
 This wasn't a Jianghu swordsman!
 The swordsmen of the pugilistic world were quick to settle grudges. At this moment, wouldn't it be great to directly kill these people under the sword?
 But ... Li Hao didn 't.
 The heavenly astral King closed his eyes, deep in thought.
 Li Hao, do you want to be a King?
 Only a King would be like this.
 A true swordsman would not be like this. If you only wanted to be a character like the leader of the martial arts world, the royal family would actually be very happy to see it. However, if you wanted to be a King ... That would not do!
 The heavenly astral King instantly disappeared from his spot.
 In the back garden.
 The heavenly astral King looked at a small tree and said in a deep voice,""How did Li Hao improve so quickly? He could even fight Qi Pingjiang? Even if he is the Li family descendant, even if he has the help of the divine sword ... Logically speaking, he should not be so fast!"
 Furthermore, he was so strong!
 What kind of logic was this?
 Unwillingness, jealousy, anger, all of them.
 The Heavenly Star King knew that the royal family might have raised a Tiger, but ... Who would have expected Li Hao to improve so quickly?
 The small tree swayed."I'm not too sure. Maybe a powerful person modified his body. Maybe a powerful monster plant gave him an extremely large amount of spring of life. Maybe he's gifted ..."
 How could this be explained clearly?
 He couldn't explain it clearly.
 "He doesn't have a bottleneck?"
 "Don't worry. In this era, there's no one who can surpass six divine abilities before the second revival begins. As long as one achieves seven divine abilities, space will shatter the moment they make a breakthrough!"
 "What about the breakthrough in the ruins? Stabilize your realm and withdraw your power before coming out ..."
 "Are you talking about your father?"
  The sapling suddenly laughed."Your father has chosen this path. At present, we can't see anything. Unless we break through the nine divisions seal. But ... I don't think it's possible!" "Although you're from this era and you might be able to come out if you restrain your power ... The powerhouses of this era have very weak control over their power. Martial masters are stronger, but superpowers ... Are almost hopeless."  "You mean ... If a Martial Master advances to seven-series divine power, there's a chance that he won't be crushed by the space?"
 "Yes,"
 The heavenly astral King frowned slightly. A Martial Master with seven magical powers?
 Was that even possible?
 Even if you had 11 super locks, a top martial Master like Yao si would only be comparable to a two or three element god art. If you broke the Super Lock, you would no longer be a Martial Master.
 So ... It was impossible!
 He exhaled and nodded,"understood!."
 That way, before the second revival, there would not be an elite as strong as those in the absolute beginning realm from the ancient civilization.
 This was good news!
 This meant that no matter how fast Li Hao improved, as long as he didn't recover a second time, six-elemental god art was Li Hao's limit. This made him feel more at ease.
 "Then, father ... If he gets rid of Jiusi's control, will he be able to appear?"
 "I don't know,"
 "Maybe, maybe not ..." Little tree replied indifferently.
 "Is father a superhuman or a Martial Master?"
 "You're asking too much!"
 The heavenly astral King frowned. The nine divisions were so wary and unwilling to give up on suppressing him. However, whenever his father had any unusual movements, even if they were separated by the ruins, these people could actually suppress his father through means ... Could they really be martial masters?
 That was impossible!
 How could a Martial Master be comparable to a Peak Master?
 Unless ... Father walked the path of ancient martial arts. But now that the original source was destroyed, how could he reach the peak?
 He couldn't figure it out!
 Perhaps ... He had some special means?
 The old men from the nine divisions had not relaxed and were extremely wary. They might know something. On the other hand, he did not know much. It seemed that the old man still wanted to come out. He was not giving up!
 That's good too ... I'll continue to restrict the nine divisions!
  At this moment, the shouts of thousands of people came from outside.
 "The heavenstar governor's office was established at the original criminal law department. From today onwards, the criminal law department will be abolished. The laws of the transcendent and mortal world will be taken over by the heavenstar governor's office. The heavenstar governor's office will be in charge of the laws of the world!"
 “……”
 The heavenly astral King looked over coldly. What a big tone, what a big ambition.
 Previously, he was only a transcendent, but now, even the laws of the mortal world had been swallowed by Li Hao. He was truly ... A Wolf with wild ambitions!
 ……
 At this moment, everyone on Jiusi Street had their own reactions.
 Some sighed, some complained, some were helpless, some were afraid, and some were resentful.
 In the backyard of the inspection Office.
 The Secretary, Chen Yao, was thinking while the old Secretary was reading a book. After a long time, Chen Yao sighed,""You said before that if he comes out ... You want me to kneel down and bow to him. Are you serious?"

 The old Secretary turned to look at him and smiled.""You decide!"
 Chen Yao did not say anything.
 I'll decide, my ass!
 The criminal Division was gone!
 The nine divisions instantly lost one division. At this moment, he was also in a very complicated mood. Li Hao's rise was so fast that he could not accept it. Previously, he was only one of his night patrollers.
 In the blink of an eye ... He had to pay his respects?
 The nine divisions of the world had ruled for 80 years, and the Chen family was the local Emperor!
 He also had the role of an Emperor.
 And now ... He was going to subdue Li Hao?
 He was not willing to accept this, and he was even more displeased!
  But today, Li Hao had killed powerful enemies, seized the criminal law department of the nine divisions, fought against Qi Pingjiang, and intimidated everyone. The 2000 soldiers under his command had even used their divine powers to destroy the heaven's punishment Army!
 This time, Li Hao finally stood up.
 He looked at his father and asked,"what do Qi Pingjiang and the others mean?" We've already come this far ... And you're still going to let Li Hao continue to grow?"
 "What do they mean by that?"
 The old Secretary smiled."Nothing much. It's just that ... No matter how talented you are, you can't break through the shackles. Six elements is your limit. The second awakening is the time to decide the winner! "At that time, it will depend on who has accumulated more, the power behind who is stronger, and who is more prepared ... Although Silver Moon heaven battling city stands behind Li Hao, the second revival ... Probably won't reach Silver Moon ... Instead, Silver Moon will be the target of everyone ... Tell me, why would they want to fight Li Hao head-on now?"
 Chen Yao frowned."Isn't he afraid that Li Hao's talent will be extraordinary?" he thought."He'll break through the shackles?" "Before the second awakening, it can directly become a seven-element or even stronger ..."
 The old Secretary was stunned and looked at him.""Why do you have such an idea?"
 "What do you mean why?"
 Chen Yao was confused.
 The old Secretary smiled."I'm talking about a curse that no one can break. An established fact. A problem in space. An unsolvable contradiction. Why do you think Li Hao can break it?"
 "Why?"
 Chen Yao was stunned. What do you mean why?
 I just think that Li Hao's progress is unbelievable. Everyone thinks that it's impossible, so why can't he?
  His father actually felt that there was something wrong with him!  What the hell?
 Shouldn't he be thinking this way?
 "Anything is possible," he said, frowning."Besides, this is Li Hao!"
 The old Secretary laughed,"so ... You think he can create a miracle?" In that case ... What are you hesitating for?"
 You already think that others can create miracles. If you have such a thought, it means that you have already lost. You think Li Hao is terrifying, you think he is fear...What are you hesitating for?
 Chen Yao was stunned."But ... But if he doesn't succeed, he will indeed lack the support of powerful people when the second revival comes ... I don't know if he has obtained the divine power Stone this time. He won't be able to revive the monster plant in heaven battling city ... Then he ... After the second revival, he will instantly become the weakest side ..."
 The old Secretary laughed."That's right ... So ... There's no other way. We have to take a gamble. You can tell Li Hao about this. That would be a timely help. I'm here now to fight for my future! I bet Li Hao can create a miracle ... Why don't you just rest and continue to hang around with the military law Department?"
 Chen Yao stopped talking and fell into deep thought.
 A miracle?
 The key now was whether Li Hao could break the restriction before the second awakening. If he could break it, he would be able to take the lead and eliminate the powerful enemy. Even if the ancient existence awakened, he would be able to retreat to the Silver Moon.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, if he couldn't ... Li Hao would be a dispensable nobody at the start of the second recovery.
 At that time, the monster plants would be everywhere, and Qi Pingjiang and the others would become seven-elemental in an instant. A large number of experts would appear ... By then, it would no longer be Li Hao's world.
  If they sided with Li Hao, they would be asking for trouble.
 After a long while, he said,"I'm a little curious. Li Hao was able to resist Qi Pingjiang ... This means that he didn't reach five elements in an instant. He might've reached three or four elements outside ... Do you think ... He can conceal his aura?" If he hides his aura, can he prevent the space from crushing him?"
 “……”
 The old Secretary laughed,"can you not ask me?" I'm not a God, how would I know! You ... Rather than asking me, why don't you ask Li Hao? Just ask him himself ... If he tells you, it'll be a pleasant surprise. If he doesn't ... You can make your own judgment! Since Yao Si was able to be subdued by him, he definitely has some tricks up his sleeve. You do as you see fit, don't ask me again and again, I've already retired for many years. "
 Chen Yao sneered and did not say anything. Forget it, this old man, who knows what he is thinking all day.
 Alright!
 Then I'll ... Ask Li Hao!
 He and Li Hao haven't had any formal talks. Tonight, I'm going to visit Li Hao!
 Chen Yao stood up and walked out.
 This time, if he made a choice ... The future of the Chen family would be difficult to predict.

 On Jiusi Street, on the street of the criminal Division.
 The Demon Hunter Army had settled in.
 In the outside world, it was deathly silent. The entire city was deathly silent. Only the criminal Division was somewhat noisy.
 In the backyard of the criminal Division.
 The experts gathered.
 The offices of the nine departments all had offices in the front and residences in the back. However, the HU clan of the criminal law Division obviously had more than two people. It was not just Hu Xiao and his son, but a large clan.
 Hu mingfa's death was sudden, and Li Hao took over the criminal law Division in an instant. The HU family was too wealthy to evacuate in time.
 Therefore, at this moment, the backyard was full of Hu clan members.
 At this moment, a quivering old man, followed by hundreds of people, was looking at Li Hao's group in a daze.
 The old man didn't say much. When Li Hao entered, he knelt on the ground and said in a trembling voice,""The sinner of the HU clan pays his respects to the governor! Hu Xiao and his son had committed more than enough crimes, so it was only natural for the governor to kill them ... However, the HU clan is innocent ..."
  Li Hao looked at these people. There were about a hundred of them, young and old, and children.
 At this moment, they were all silent.
 "Who are you?" he asked the old man.
 "Hu Xiao's younger brother is also ... The HU clan's clan leader!"
 The old man sighed."When my elder brother slew the Dragon, the HU clan rose. It's a pity that he wanted to but lacked the strength. Coupled with the bewitchment of the ancient demons, my elder brother couldn't stand the bewitchment of the demons and desired longevity. He fell into the demons 'scheme ... The world was unable to do anything, and my elder brother's death ... Was reasonable."
 He raised his head and looked at Li Hao."Now, my brother and Ming fa are both dead. The governor is kind, and the children are innocent ... The other members of the HU family have been blessed by my brother, so they can die without regrets ... But the HU family has 17 children under the age of 10 ... I hope the governor can show mercy!"
 Thump!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The old man knelt on the ground and kowtowed to beg for mercy.
 The winner was King and the loser was vilified.
 Two of the HU clan's most powerful fighters had fallen, and the HU clan had already declined. The ninth Bureau had given up on the HU clan, and even the military law Department had only asked Li Hao not to kill people randomly. The HU clan knew then that the HU clan of the criminal Division had completely withdrawn from the stage of hegemony.
 Although half of these hundred or so people were supers, and there were even a few sunrise realm existences ... How could they continue to fight with Li Hao with such strength?
 What was the use of the rising sun?
 They all knew that the old general had been killed just now. He was the last divine-tier who supported the HU clan, and they also knew that he would die, but in the end ... They did not even manage to draw out a single Silvermoon Martial Master.
 The old man kneeling on the ground wasn't weak. He had the power of the early stage of the rising light realm. However, he was a little old and weak. In the outside world, he was still an Overlord.  However, in this place, they were like ants.
 Li Hao only looked at these people. Although the old man looked pitiful now, he was usually very arrogant.
 "Director Zhou!"
 Li Hao shouted. Director Zhou walked out from the back, looked at the kneeling people, and said,"The Heavenly Star governor's office is established by law, and everything is done according to the law. The HU clan is guilty or not guilty, and they will be executed according to the law! The laws of heavenstar are incomplete, and the laws of heavenstar need to be re-evaluated and redesigned ... However, the laws and regulations are not for outsiders ... Governor, the women and children of the HU family will be placed in the first hospital. Food will be provided, and entry and exit will be restricted. "
 "Young man of the HU family," he said."Detain him first and then interrogate him. If he's guilty, he'll be punished. If he's not guilty, he'll be released immediately! The Heavenly Star military governor's office never wrongly accused a person, nor will they let a person go. All of the HU family's assets have been handed over to the public. This was the result of the HU father and son's corruption and fraud ..."
 Li Hao listened for a while and nodded slightly.""We'll do as you say!"
 The old man heaved a sigh of relief and kowtowed again.""Many thanks for the governor's mercy!"
 It was common for one's clan to be annihilated after failing to fight for hegemony.
 Today, only the HU father and son had died. Perhaps a group of people who had evidence against them would die next ... But it was much better than the expected extermination of the HU family.
 "Men, take him away!"
 Very quickly, the Demon Hunter Army entered and detained everyone as they retreated.
 The old man from the HU family walked to Li Hao's side. After a moment of hesitation, he said,""Governor, there's a passage from the HU clan to the ruins in the backyard. All the families of the nine divisions have such a passage ... The ruins belong to my elder brother and his son, and no one else can enter ... I don't know if there's a key or something else ... My elder brother and the others have all died, so no one else from the HU clan can enter ..."
 Li Hao nodded slightly and didn't say anything.
  He knew that each of the nine divisions controlled a key relic. In fact, there was more than one, but it might not be in the vicinity. There was usually an entrance to the relic inside the nine divisions, which was the reason why the nine divisions had built it in such a way.
 Of course, the actual situation was that this was actually built by the star dynasty. The nine Kings were protecting the imperial family!
 The nine Kings ... Why did they build the ninth King's residence in such a way ... Perhaps it had something to do with the ruins.
 Li Hao guessed that the remains near stellarsky city might be ... A whole entity!
 This place should have been a very large city in the past. Although heaven battling city was called Heavenly Star Town, just the garrison alone had 100000 people. This town was no ordinary town.
 The underground of stellarsky city might be where the ruins were.
 Yuanping martial arts university was located in the suburbs and was considered far away.
 As for how close they were ... Li Hao had also determined that they shouldn't have been so close back then. Later on, the world changed, and these ruins ... At least heaven battling city could shrink in size. Under the vicissitudes of time, these ruins gradually moved closer to each other.
 All the HU family members were taken away.
 The backyard also gradually quieted down, and the Demon Hunter Army began to search inside.

 Li Hao looked at the depths of the backyard. If there were ruins here ... Then there would be monster plants.
 The HU family ...
 He thought about the seven great monster plants that Hu mingfa had thrown out. Li Hao thought about it. Hu mingfa seemed to have thrown out a coconut tree?
 It should be?
 It looked like a big coconut tree.
 At this moment, director Zhou got close and said,"The ruins of the Jiusi are not ordinary. They should be one of the stronger ones among the major ruins, where the monster plants had recovered earlier. It might be related to the ruins of the imperial family."
 "What?" Li Hao raised his eyebrows."Doesn't the earlier you recover, the weaker you will be?"
 Only the weak would recover faster.
 "That's Silver Moon ... This is star, it's different. "Director Zhou laughed.
 "Why?"
  "Silver Moon ..."
 "Director Zhou thought for a moment before saying," over at Silver moon's side, the strong require too much energy, so it's not enough. On the other hand, the weak need less, so it's just barely enough. That's why the strong resuscitate later. Heavenstar has sufficient energy. The stronger one is, the easier it is for them to absorb energy, which is why they recovered earlier. "
 It was related to the big energy mine!
 Li Hao understood.
 He nodded slightly.
 In that case, the monster plants of the nine divisions might have recovered as early as 80 years ago?
 So early?
 Strong ... How strong was he?
 In any case, it was only a clone before, so he didn't see anything.
 According to the ancient civilization's martial division, above the peak was the immortal realm, and above the immortal realm was the great saint realm. Could he compare to Black Phoenix?
 Director Wang and the others seemed to only be at the peak.
 Could it be that ... These monster plants were all stronger than director Wang?
 Li Hao was a little suspicious.
 Of course, it was hard to say if he didn't see her.
 Moreover, he could not go to the remains rashly at this moment. Otherwise, if there were still experts from the HU clan and monster plant's true body in the remains, it would be troublesome.
 He felt that the HU clan did not only have so few experts.
 Suppressing the world for 80 years, just the HU father and son?
 Just the heaven punishment Army?
 Under normal circumstances, these forces would have an elite team that specialized in exploring relics. Most of them were martial masters, including the Xu family, the Duke of dingguo. It was said that the Xu family's relic was star suppression city ... An ancient civilization Holy Land, but no one knew if it was true.
 Before Xu Qing died, he even invited Li Hao to explore with him.
 Li Hao looked at the backyard and thought for a moment."Over at the nine divisions, each family has a divine weapon, a powerful divine weapon to suppress them ... But the few division chiefs we killed didn't have one. Except for the one from the Department of Commerce, who used a floating sword as collateral ... The others all have ordinary divine weapons. They don't have those divine weapons that can automatically fight like before ..."
 The HU clan also did not have any!
 Hu mingfa also didn't bring it.
 Only Qian Wanhao, the old Secretary, had brought a floating sword. It was said to have been forged by Lu Zhen, but Li Hao wasn't too sure if it was the nine divisions 'secret weapon.  After he had killed Hu Xiao that day, the nine divisions had deployed several divine weapons, all of which were very powerful. The starry sky sword had even been activated.
 But this time, when he killed Hu mingfa, he didn't see such a divine weapon.
 He actually didn't know much about Jiusi. The imperial family had given Li Hao a copy of information about Jiusi, but it was never mentioned. They had only given him some basic information.
 And now, he would not provide Li Hao with any top-secret information.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As he said this, director Zhou was about to reply. Li Hao suddenly looked behind him. That was where the government office was.
 In an instant, a sneaky figure appeared not far away.
 In the blink of an eye, a few figures surrounded each other.
 Hong Yitang had a smile on his face, hou Xiaochen crossed his arms, Tian Jian arrived late, Nan Quan and Guang Ming Jian only arrived after a while ...
 The figure was a little ghostly and solemn.
 These guys ... Have such strong perception!
 "He's already here," Li Hao said calmly."He's one of the tyrants of the world. Why is Secretary Chen so sneaky?"
 "Amazing!"
 Chen Yao smiled."As expected, this place is a Dragon's pool and a Tiger's Den. I was just testing the defense of the star military governor's office. It seems that it's not bad!"
 He took a deep breath in his heart.
 He wasn't weak, he really wasn't weak.
 After Li Hao's group had fought a great battle, everyone had tried their best to improve. He had also improved to three-elemental god art. With this strength, he was discovered in the blink of an eye when he sneaked in.
 And it wasn't li Hao!
 This was terrifying.
 Could it be that Tian Jian and the others had all entered the ranks of the three elements?
 Chen Yao almost wanted to complain. So rich?
 It was true. Even he felt a little heartache after upgrading three elements. He had spent millions of divine energy stones in exchange for some spring of life to stabilize his realm.
 At this stage, it was actually possible for people like them to break through.
 However, for every breakthrough, the first thing to look at was the divine power Stone, the second was the monster plant, and the third was whether the mysterious energy, inner strength, qi and blood, and physical body could be improved.
  Otherwise ... It would be useless to rely on the spring of life alone.
 Every time he improved, he would consume a lot of energy.
 How could Silver Moon and his group of paupers improve so quickly?
 It was still a little unexpected.
 After all, even if Li Hao seized so many treasures, he couldn't convert them into strength so quickly, right?
 As he thought about this, he remained calm."Li Hao, you're about to open your residence. I'm afraid you don't understand some things. How about we have a chat?"
 Li Hao smiled.
 The father and son of the Chen family ... Were very interesting. They were typical fence sitters.
 In terms of bad, the inspection Office was somewhat corrupt, but it wasn't completely corrupt, but it definitely wasn't that good.
 To be honest, this father and son had helped them last time. Now, the only one who was really in charge of some ordinary Affairs was the inspection Division, which could still hold on.

 It was the typical feeling of not doing a little more or not, as if doing a little more would kill him.
 To the inspection Bureau ... There was only one word to describe it-mediocre!
 Just like Chen Yao's father, he was mediocre.
 Neither up nor down, neither in front nor behind.
 There were two old secretaries at the front and someone at the back.
 Power wasn't the greatest, but it wasn't the smallest either.
 They weren't the strongest, but they weren't the weakest either.
 This kind of person ... It had to be said that sometimes, he actually looked very awkward and annoying. He didn't stand out in anything, nor did he act as a rear guard, but he had a kind of unlikable feeling.
 "Secretary Chen is so polite!"
 He had come sneakily, really ... Speechless.
  However, Li Hao didn't mind having a chat with him. He hadn't had a formal conversation with him yet, so he wanted to know what he was here for.
 "Let's just find a place to sit down. It's my first time here, so I'm not too familiar with this place. "
 Li Hao walked towards a Pavilion in the middle of the lake. The backyard was not small at all. There was even a man-made lake and a Pavilion in the middle of the lake. At this moment, the cold wind was whistling. If he had a grill, he could make some barbecue and some wine. It would feel good.
 Chen Yao looked at the people around him."Excuse me, guys?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Why are you still surrounding me?
 The few of them laughed and instantly disappeared.
 They came and went without a trace, and each of them was powerful, which put pressure on Chen Yao. Silver moon's group was improving too quickly.
 ……
 In the pavilion in the middle of the lake.
 There was no late night talk around a stove, no hot tea, and no barbecue. There was only the whistling of the cold wind.
 The cold wind that surrounded Li Hao gradually died out.
 Like the ancestor of the wind, the cold wind gradually bypassed Li Hao.
 Li Hao sat down, and opposite him, Chen Yao also sat down.
 Only now did Li Hao get a good look at the inspector. He didn't look very old, around 40 years old. His appearance didn't mean anything. He was a little thin and not too tall. He looked like a street gangster.
 Chen Yao felt uncomfortable and uncomfortable.
 The two of them didn't drink tea or wine. They just sat opposite each other, which was actually very awkward.  "Governor li, do you drink?"
 "I can have a little!"
 "That's good!"
 Chen Yao smiled and waved his hand. A jar of wine appeared in front of him. He opened it, and the aroma of the wine spread out. It was particularly tempting.
 He took out two white jade cups, and one of them fell in front of Li Hao.
 Seeing that he was about to pour the wine, Li Hao smiled. Mist appeared in his hand, and he instantly swept the cup and washed it ...
 Chen Yao's face stiffened.
 This ... Was this something a human would do?
 Did he dislike it or what?
 Without saying much, the wine gushed into Li Hao's Cup like a water dragon.
 Chen Yao picked up a cup and took a sip. He felt that the atmosphere was not so stiff anymore. He said,""Governor li, do you know how the nine divisions were established?"
 "I'm not too sure, but there are some records in the books. More than 80 years ago, the people were in a state of poverty and nine great saints rose up. There were people from the Imperial court, people from the pugilistic world, and military generals ... These people were dissatisfied with the royal family's tyranny and overthrew the previous King Tian Xing, forcing the royal family to step back and establish the nine divisions, starting the era of the nine divisions ..."
 Chen Yao nodded slightly. He didn't mind Li Hao's mockery of the word "Saint". He smiled and said,""To be honest, if you ask those 100-year-old people, ask them whether it was better 80 years ago or now ... You should have the answer."
 Li Hao nodded."I've never denied the contributions of the Jiusi. I've heard of it as early as when I was in the Silver City. After I arrived in white moon City, someone mentioned the Jiusi. I also said that the Jiusi did a good job!" "But later on, I realized ... I was overthinking it. It's just the same! It seems better, but in fact, it's even darker. "
 Chen Yao was silent for a while."In fact, the nine divisions really wanted to break the feudal system and rebuild a strong dynasty," he said."The people were happy and the country was prosperous. But later on, we realized that ... We had no choice!"
  "No other way?"
 Chen Yao nodded."I really can't help it. Especially after the rise of superpowers. I can't help it!" The existences in the ancient civilization are also stirring up trouble. There are also local overlords stirring up trouble. The three major organizations, the seven divine mountains, the demon clans, the overlords, the Pirates of the four Seas ... You can't deal with them. "
 He sighed."If it was just that, it wouldn't have been that simple. The Jiusi is still powerful. But ... The key is that the imperial family was only barely suppressed back then. They have been stirring up trouble all this time ... What do you think the Jiusi can do?"
 "In the end ... I've already given up. I'll just take it one day at a time. At most, I'll just break the current situation and start all over again. Sometimes, it's much easier to destroy and rebuild than to repair. "
 "This dynasty has a problem at its roots, and the nine divisions can't completely suppress it ... They can only fix it. In the end, everyone came to a tacit understanding ... Let's just let this broken house be completely destroyed. It might be easier to rebuild it after it's destroyed."
 Li Hao drank a glass of wine and didn't say anything. Perhaps this was the truth, but ... If that was what Jiusi was thinking, why would he insist on it until now?
 Wouldn't it have been fine if they had dispersed earlier?
 He didn't meddle in politics in his position and was a dog in the manger. He was much worse than Yao si.
 Chen Yao smiled."Alright. You don't seem to want to hear this." Then I'll tell you what you want to hear. In fact, so far, the biggest enemy of the nine divisions is still the imperial family!"
 He opened his mouth and said,"the previous Heavenly Star King actually didn't die back then. The remains weren't discovered only in these few years ... Actually, there were remains a long time ago, but at that time, most monster plants and monster beasts had yet to recover. You should know a little about the Heavenly Star Army, which is the armor in the remains. Later on, the royal family formed the black armor Army."

 " 80 years ago, the nine old secretaries of the nine divisions suppressed King Tian Xing and the nine Kings of that time. They killed and destroyed some of them, and even defeated a few commanders of the black armor Army ... But the old king Tian Xing still escaped into the ruins with some of the remaining forces."
 "After that, the two sides started a tug of war ... We once wanted to completely annihilate them ... But we were never able to do it. The ruins are difficult to enter, the other party is strong, and there is the ancient demon ... 80 years ago, although the ancient demon did not fully recover, there was still some spirit left. Although it was not as strong as it is now, it is not something we can match."
 He looked at Li Hao and said,""Therefore, both sides could only come to a compromise. Heavenly Star King abdicated and was passed down to the current Heavenly Star King ... However, the royal family was unwilling to go into hiding, and some changes happened along the way ... The biggest change was 20 years ago, when the superpowers were restored. Heavenly Star King obtained many benefits from the ruins and made a comeback ... That time, the ninth Secretary defeated him at a great cost and suppressed him with nine divine weapons and star-suppressing supreme art. He was completely suppressed ..."
 "However, we still couldn't kill him. The monster plant behind him has already recovered a lot twenty years ago. At the critical moment, it used its Origin Energy to pull him back ... That monster plant probably wanted to use the identity of the royal family to obtain greater benefits and recover quickly ... The royal family is its spokesperson, and it won't allow the royal family to be destroyed."
 “……”
 Chen Yao said a lot, and Li Hao had been listening.
 "What's the situation now?"Li Hao asked curiously after a while.
 "Now, the Heavenly Star King is still hiding in the ruins. He's been sealed, and the only way to break the seal is to get out of the ruins. He can't break it if he doesn't ..."
 Chen Yao explained,"what sealed him back then was a special sealing technique of the star suppression technique, the nine word suppression technique. It contains the power of the blood essence of the old secretaries of the nine families and the power of the divine weapon ... So, when the old secretaries attacked you last time ... The other party saw the opportunity and wanted to break through the relic and open the seal. In the end, he was suppressed again ..."
  "However, after you killed Hu Xiao and Qian Wanhao ... This seal might have loosened a little."
 "Yes." Li Hao nodded, then asked,"why are you so afraid of the other party breaking out of the seal?"
 Was there a need?
 So what if I let him out?
 Why did things have to turn out like this? the two top-notch experts from the military law Division and the Division of Administration didn't dare to make a move easily. They could only keep an eye on the imperial family. If that person wanted to come out, they would quickly suppress him.
 "The opponent is too strong," Chen Yao said with a smile.
 "Too strong?"
 "Yes,"  "Stronger than a monster plant?"
 "I don't think so."
 Chen Yao explained,"it's strong for one thing. Secondly, it's to prevent this person from getting more benefits after breaking the seal. The previous King of the stars was not ordinary. He had a lot of authority in the relic. You should know how many benefits there are in the relic with high authority. This person ... He had already put on the Golden body armor 20 years ago!"
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly. Twenty years ago, the Golden Vatican!
 Didn't that mean ... He was already a Master 20 years ago?
 "Do you understand now?"
 Chen Yao sighed."The remains of the star royal family have not been explored much. Even so, the royal family is already so powerful. Tell me, do you think we dare to let the old man move freely?" "This old fellow is now being suppressed. It doesn't matter if he has identity, status, or strength. Once he leaves the area protected by the monster plant, we can easily sense him and suppress him to death!"
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Therefore, the two sides started a tug-of-war. We didn't dare to let him continue to obtain the authority. If he really took control of the star Army, it would be terrible. The entire remains would belong to his royal family, and all the benefits would belong to them. The nine divisions could only hold on."
 Li Hao was still a little surprised."Twenty years ago, when superpowers had just recovered, martial masters were in power. The strongest Martial Master was only at the Qian warrior level. At that time ... How did he become a teacher?"
 This was too unbelievable!
 Chen Yao laughed."You've forgotten one thing. The superpower had just recovered twenty years ago. Yes!" It was true that there were few experts back then. But you have to understand, at that time...Be it the armored warriors in the vestige or the others...They are all in a dormant state. At that time, it will be easier to obtain some authority. Of course, the prerequisite is that you have to have enough strength and luck. "
 There were not many strong people, but the ancient civilization existed and had not completely recovered. Both sides were the same. If you could become a teacher now with god art, then 20 years ago, Dou Qian could also become a teacher.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows and said,"is that so?" My master started to explore the ruins many years ago, but he didn't gain much. "
 " It's not the same ... The Silver Moon only revived 20 years ago and has been sealed for a long time. As for the stellarsky city, there were actually some signs of revival 200 years ago. It's probably related to the ancient civilization records that this place is the core of the giant energy mine in the entire land of Silver Moon. "
 Li Hao finally understood.
 Chen Yao drank a glass of wine and continued. " This is the reason why the nine divisions and the royal family are in a tug-of-war. I’m telling you this because I want to tell you one thing. If you kill a few more old secretaries, it will be easier for the Heavenly Star King to break out of the seal ... By then, it will be a lot of trouble, so Qi Pingjiang does not want you to continue killing ... Plus, you are too strong. He also knows that if the nine divisions want to kill you, they will have to mobilize all of them ... At that time, the Heavenly Star King will come out. The nine divisions have suppressed him for so many years. How can he not fight back? Both of them are troublesome ... It's better to put down one first."

 Li Hao nodded slightly and didn't say much.
 "That's why everyone is waiting for the second revival," Chen Yao said."After the second revival, the space will be stable, and everyone will be able to break through. Even if the former king of stars was powerful, after the second revival, everyone will have hope of attaining seven divine powers and becoming a peak comparable to the ancient civilization ... That will be the starting line. "At this time, it all depends on the strength of the ancient civilization powerhouses supporting you. How many, how many, these will all become the key to victory."
 Li Hao nodded again.
 "Then why do we have to go to Silver Moon?"
 He could just wait for the second recovery in silence. Why would he go to Silver Moon?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had never been able to figure out what benefits Silver Moon would bring to these people and ancient Fey.
 "Let's go to the Silver Moon ... Because the Silver Moon is an ancient existence. If it's not dead, it's almost impossible for it to completely awaken!"
 He did not hide it. "You have to understand that to the ancient Fey of today, they were not the strongest batch back then. The truly powerful ones were all Silvermoon!" For example, after devouring The Guardian monster plant of heaven battling city ... Some monster plants can take a big step forward and break through the restrictions of the past. "
 "To us, the destruction of Silvermoon's ancient Fey, including the city, actually means that the entire star dynasty will be revived. This is because these ancient cities and ancient experts have sealed many things, causing this world to become more and more barren!"
  "Furthermore, the Silver Moon was the center of the world back then. There are countless benefits, inheritances from experts, ultimate martial arts, the remains of ancient demons, and a place where experts comprehend the Dao ... Only there can we break through the shackles we have now ... And move forward step by step! Only by taking advantage of the fact that they've just awakened and the ancient existences of the Silvermoon are still in a deep sleep can we obtain victory and have a chance to reach higher heights!"
 He then looked at Li Hao and said,"furthermore ... According to legend, in Silver Moon ... One can walk out of this world ... And enter an even more powerful world!" That is the path to the ancient civilization, and it is said that the eight great families are guarding this path. Do you know about this?"
 A Stargate?
 This wasn't the first time Li Hao had heard of this.
 The eight great families had formed a satellite gate and guarded the passageway. Perhaps ... They could follow the Stargate and find the ancient king and the others ... Of course, in everyone's eyes, the ancient king and the others had long since died, and the ancient civilization had been completely destroyed.
 But no matter what...It was a path to a higher level.
 As such, Silver Moon had always been a place that these people had to fight for.
 "And then?" Li Hao nodded slightly.
 "And then?"
 Chen Yao was speechless. He had to make it more clear,""So, when the second awakening begins, the first to appear will not be the ancient masters of the Silver Moon, but the imperial family. Some of the monster plants and monster beasts behind the nine divisions will attack the Silver Moon at the first moment, seize the remains of the Masters, devour their origin, and break through the Stargate ..."  "That's when your troubles will officially begin, and silver moon's troubles will officially arrive!"
 "At this stage, you've revealed your strength, so everyone is holding back. They just feel that there's no need to fight head-on. They just have to wait."
 He probed,"so, this is the reason why you're able to resist the various forces. And it won't be long before the second revival. It should be soon ... In fact, the stellarsky city is the key. The nine divisions and the imperial family both know that the second revival might be related to the giant Mine in the stellarsky city ..."
 Li Hao understood."Director, are you saying that I will die at that time?" he asked.
 "That's not what I meant ... But at that time, the best outcome for you would be to escape back to Silver Moon! I know that Silvermoon is very powerful, and there are many martial masters, and many of the older generation martial masters are still alive ... In the past, they had attacked stellarsky city in an attempt to seize some of the ruins, but many of them died in the end, and only a few survived. "
 "But ... Can they stop those who have lived for countless years?"
 Li Hao laughed and said,"I understand!" The Secretary just wanted to ask, do I have someone backing me? To be honest ... No, you said it yourself, it's very hard for Silver Moon experts to revive. If that really happens, how would we be able to fight against the monster plants and monster beasts behind you?"
 “……”
  Chen Yao was a little tired. Do you know what I mean?
 "You ... You were able to quickly step into the five elements realm, and from what I can sense ... It feels very difficult! "I was thinking that if you could attain seven elements before the second recovery, you would be qualified to clear out a group of enemies. By then, you might be able to find some monster plants to cooperate with ... For example, the monster plant of the HU clan. In this case, the monster plants actually need our help, so we're just using each other ..."
 "No, wait!"
 Li Hao interrupted him,"after the monster plants are revived, they're extremely powerful. Aren't you afraid that they'll destroy you?" Why do you think that the monster plant will help you?"
 Where did he get his confidence from?
 Chen Yao laughed."We dare to work with the monster plant because we have some confidence. The path of origin is no longer applicable in the Silver Moon land. Therefore, even if the monster plant revives and devours the experts of the path of origin, in the end, if it wants to leave this world or continue to survive, it will still need to rely on the experts of the modern world. "So ... Under normal circumstances, we will sign a symbiotic agreement ..."
 "What do you mean?"
 "It's symbiosis!"
 "Just like the ancient civilization," Chen Yao explained again,"there was such an agreement. Life, energy, and beliefs were shared. In such a way, neither side could hurt the other."

 p A symbiotic agreement?  Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. He sent his divine will into his storage ring."Senior Kokura, do you know ... About the symbiotic agreement?"
 The small tree trembled a little, and after a moment, it sent out a mental wave.""You ... Want to sign a symbiotic agreement with me?"
 "No, I'm just asking."
 Li Hao was also speechless. What are you afraid of?
 I'm not going to sign with you!
 The small tree seemed to be very afraid. It seemed that there was really something.
 "The co-existence agreement is a special mantra that the humans and the fey plant developed in the past to prevent betrayal. Both parties sign an agreement to co-exist and rely on each other. The humans can live longer while the fey plant can obtain some benefits from the humans. It's a win-win situation."
 "However, it was gradually abolished."
 "Why?" Li Hao was somewhat curious. Why would it be abolished?
  "The symbiotic agreement also has some drawbacks. For example, if one party wants to die ... It's easy to implicate the other party. If one side is too weak, it's very easy for the other side to be implicated. Killing a weakling will also implicate the death of a strong person. "
 This was also true!
 "There's one more thing. When signing a symbiotic agreement, it's easy for some interference to occur between the path of humans and the path of monster plants ... Actually, the upper limit is not high."
 Was it like this?
 "Then," Li Hao asked,"the symbiotic agreement really exists and is effective, right?"
 "Right!"
 "However, if you want to sign a symbiotic agreement with the monster plant, you have to be careful," the little tree said."Later, to avoid some trouble, a secondary symbiotic agreement appeared, which means that you will share a part of the source and a part of the life ... For example, this clone of mine can also sign it with you ... But something went wrong. Only my clone will die, not my original body."
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. This should be classified, right?
 Little tree actually said it!
 The sapling seemed to know what he was thinking."I'm telling you all this just to remind you not to believe in the symbiosis agreement so easily. If you really believe in it completely, the other party can kill you even if he has the intention of losing a part of his source." However, under normal circumstances ... Unless it's the last resort, they won't do this. The loss of one's natural source, especially in this era, is very troublesome!"
 Li Hao understood. This was true.
 "And ..." The little tree continued,"you're the successor of the venerable sword. If you sign the contract with me, I might not lose out."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was just short of telling Li Hao that if he really wanted to sign it, he would agree. After all, he had a decent status and talent, so he could sign it!
 Li Hao was speechless.
 I don't have such thoughts!
 On the other side, Chen Yao saw that Li Hao seemed to be deep in thought and couldn't help but frown. At this time, Li Hao suddenly said,""Secretary Chen, you haven't signed the agreement yet, right?"
  "Yes."  Chen Yao nodded."Right now, on one hand, we're too weak. The monster plants aren't very willing. Secondly, their recovery had not reached its peak. Signing a contract now would be a burden to them. Once the people outside died, it would implicate them. However, before the second revival begins, we'll sign the contract to prevent the monster plants from completely reviving and falling out with each other after leaving the remains. "
 Understood!
 It was no wonder that these guys were not too worried about being killed by these monster plants. However, if these monster plants, according to what the little tree said, signed a contract with only a part of their source severing ... If they really fell out, they would just lose a part of their source at most, but they would die.
 Did these guys know about this?
 Maybe they knew, maybe they didn 't. In any case, unless it was a critical moment, there was a high probability that the other party would not lose their origin to kill them.
 He understood what Chen Yao meant. He said with a half-smile,""So Secretary Chen came to find me today just to tell me this? You told me to be careful, because I'll be finished after the second recovery?"
 "What?" Chen Yao frowned and looked at him."Governor li, do you really not understand?"
 Li Hao laughed,"what do you want me to say?" They said that I would definitely be able to find a powerful backer before the second recovery, or that I would become a top-tier powerhouse myself and be able to resist the monster plants, or something else?"
 Chen Yao cursed in his heart.
 This is it!
 "You've quickly attained five-elemental sacred art ... Do you ... Have a way to avoid some trouble and enter seven-elemental sacred art?"
 He didn't hesitate and directly asked!
 "How would I know!"
 Li Hao chuckled."If I really arrive, I'll tell Secretary Chen. Otherwise, wouldn't this be a lie?"
 That's right, you're not even willing to make a big promise?
  Li Hao laughed. Director Zhou did say that sometimes, when you give people a big picture, you will give them hope.
 But ... Why should I make empty promises for you!
 "I'm looking for like-minded people. It's not just for a strong power." Secretary Chen was wavering and hesitating. He finally understood what he meant.
 "I just want to ask if you can solve some problems before the second recovery and find a big backer. If you can, I'll join you.
 But Li Hao ... Just wouldn't give him any empty promises.
 It's up to you to come or not!
 After telling Li Hao so many secrets, the fate of the nine divisions, and the trump card of the royal family, he was telling Li Hao that the nine divisions and the royal family would become stronger instantly after their second awakening. The enemy was very powerful, and he wondered if he had any trump cards.
 I don't even know if you're a good or bad person, and I'm telling you this?
 Chen Yao was a bit annoyed. Li Hao knew what he meant. He had also expressed his intention to cooperate with Li Hao, but Li Hao didn't respond. Was he looking down on him?
 Chen Yao was a little angry."Governor li, let's not talk about the future. Even now, the three major organizations are still a problem for you. I believe you still need some help. Silver moon's martial masters can not fight for you all the time ... Because Silver moon's territory will also need a strong person to hold the fort."

 Li Hao drank a cup of wine and smiled,"so what?" The inspection Office is one of the top three major officials, and the Chen family is powerful. Why do you need to rely on my broken ship, which can capsize at any time?"
 "I ..."
 Chen Yao was a little annoyed, does Governor li not have any respect for the wise at all? I've come with sincerity, so why is Governor li so distant?"
 Li Hao sat up straight and looked at him. "It's indeed rare that the Third Division of the nine divisions wants to get close to me. I didn't expect that ... But even if I want to get help, I'm someone with a clear goal and a firm attitude, not someone who will turn hostile quickly once a disagreement occurs and a weakness appears! This kind of person is more dangerous than the enemy!"
 "You mean, my Chen family is this kind of person?"
 "That's right!"
 Li Hao's face was unkind,"in my opinion, the Chen family is this kind of person!" If you really want to join the alliance, then just come. There's no point in being so sneaky and testing. "
 "I also have to be responsible for the Chen family and the inspection Bureau!"
 Chen Yao frowned."I'm not alone. Do you think I'm like Nanquan and the others? I'm full by myself, but my whole family is not hungry?" You have to know that there are 176 people in the Chen family, and I have 37 younger brothers and sisters ..."
 Li Hao opened his mouth. What the hell?
  You have so many brothers and sisters?
 You must be joking!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This Thunderbolt kick can still give birth ... No, can your father give birth so well?
 Chen Yao was a little angry."Don't look at me like that. They're not my children. They're just my younger brother and sister!" I'm telling you this to let you know that the cooperation between forces is different from one person. Southern Fist and the others can do it alone. I have to think about the future ... Otherwise, with the HU family's current state, they can be easily destroyed. If you really want to obtain the Chen family's support, you have to at least give them some hope ... Just like Yao si, he was willing to serve you, so you must have given him some hope ... Otherwise, with Yao SI's character, would he easily bring the night patrollers to join your Heavenly Star military governor's office?"
 Li Hao was slightly dazed. After thinking for a while, he realized that it made sense.
 The Silver Moon Martial Master never haggled, and he didn't like this kind of person.
 However, Chen Yao's words did make some sense. If a big family chose the wrong side, the entire family would die.
 After thinking for a while, Li Hao shook his head."I can't give you any promises either. I don't even know what's going to happen next. What do you want me to say?" Lie to you? Was there any meaning to it? All I can say is ... If you're willing to come, then we'll fight for this goal together! As for the rest ... Secretary Chen will think about it carefully before saying anything. "
 Chen Yao sighed.
 Li Hao ... You say he's honest, but he's really honest. Even at this point, he's still unwilling to give in.
 However, I'm really in a difficult position with what you're doing!
 "Alright!" After hesitating for a while, Chen Yao said,"then I'll make a request ... If you agree to it, the inspection Office will do its best to help you!"
 "Tell me."
 Chen Yao looked at the backyard of the HU family and said after a while,""As long as you can take down the HU clan's ruins, no matter what method you use ... If you can take it down, the inspector will give you all the help you can. The Chen clan will not go back on their word!"
 Li Hao smiled. He thought for a moment and nodded.
 That works too!
 This was a proof of strength. If you could take over the HU family's remains, it meant that you could take over the other families. Whatever trump cards and heritage you had behind you would be exposed. Now, the monster plants in the remains had at least the power of a peak.
 If he could deal with the other party ... Then there would be no problems.
 And Li Hao indeed had such thoughts.
  Since that was the case ... He would just go with the flow. As for whether the other party would help him with all his might, it didn't matter.  "Alright!"
 Chen Yao's expression changed slightly when he heard that. He said,""Good! Since that's the case ... The Chen family won't be stingy. I can arrange for two divine ability experts to help us. Both of them will keep a low profile as a sign of sincerity from the Chen family!"
 "You're so generous?"Li Hao smiled.
 "This is to prevent Governor li from underestimating the Chen family!"
 Li Hao smiled."Alright, thank you ... But I'll tell you in advance. I won't pay you. Also, you'll do whatever I say. If you cause trouble, I'll kill you. What do you think?"
 "Of course!"
 "Alright!" Chen Yao stood up and said,"then ... Let's wait for the good news!"
 With that, he turned around and left.
 Li Hao stood up and walked them out. He didn't continue but smiled. It was rather interesting. As for the two magical powers, if they were really dead, the Chen family probably wouldn't suffer any serious damage.
 Did he want to see if his side could solve the HU family's ruins?
 p Just as he was thinking, director Zhou appeared and said,"Why don't you give me some hope?"  "I don't like Jiusi!"
 Okay.
 Director Zhou had nothing to say. He just felt that Li Hao still had the aura of a martial artist.
 However, it was already not bad for them to be able to do this in such a short time. There was no need to criticize them. If the Chen family could really take down the HU family's remains, whether it was cooperation or annihilation, the Chen family would make the right choice.
 "The HU family's ruins ..."
 "Let's discuss this later!"
 Li Hao was also considering it. They had to get the remains!
  First, it was to prevent the HU clan from hiding any more experts.
 Second, since the ruins were there, why not take them? there might be treasures.
 Thirdly, he had to see if he had the confidence to annihilate a monster plant ... Annihilate it. Li Hao had never thought of cooperating. Cooperation my ass! He would try to kill a monster plant!
 Fourth, was the HU family's relic one with the Heavenly Star Town?
 It would be more fun if they were one. Since the nine divisions could suppress the former Heavenly Star King through the relic, Li Hao seriously suspected that the relic might be one, located in the same plane, which was the key.
 He wanted to dig out the roots of the royal family!
 Who cares about the royal family? the star Mine is mine!
 I dug it out for you in advance, and you can resuscitate a second time?
 I can only resurrect if I want to!
 The HU family was a breakthrough point. Without Chen Yao, Li Hao would not have let it go.

