fileno%d
muttered to himself as he looked up at the sky.
 Can I ... Still go back?
 Back then, when the sky changed and the Stargate was sealed, teacher li and the others left first, while he followed behind. He had originally wanted to settle down the Academy and leave quickly, but who knew that the world would be turned upside down, and its energy would be instantly drained. The origin source bed was instantly cut off from all contact with the outside world.
 He had no choice but to sleep here and missed the time to leave.
 Now ... Could he still leave?
 There must have been an accident outside the Stargate.
 A strong enemy is coming?
 Who could assassinate teacher Changsheng?
 Moreover, when the Vice-Chancellor left at the same time, the eight major cities 'city Lords and the eight Legion's commanders, who had led tens of millions of troops, left at the same time, how could they be ambushed?
 "It's a pity that I ... Don't have enough talent. I can only walk the path of origin and can't take the origin into the world ... Without the support of the great Dao of origin ... I ended up in a deep sleep ..."
  Hei Teng was helpless and sorrowful.
 If not for the influx of some energy this time, he might have died completely in his sleep.
 The next moment, he thought of something and his eyes turned red."The energy was instantly extracted, and the great path was cut off ... There must be a rebellion in the land of the Silver Moon! They must be trying to kill the principal and teacher Changsheng ... Who would be so bold ... Damn it!"
 The land of Silver Moon had lost some energy in an instant. Someone must have done something to stop them and attacked the powerhouses from both the inside and the outside.
 Hei Teng's mind was filled with thoughts.
 Then, he looked at Li Hao and Hong Yitang with a sad expression.
 The apocalypse had arrived, and the world had been turned upside down. A new era had arrived, and their era had passed. And in the new era ... Were these people the top existences?
 What a sad thing!
 It was precisely because he could see through some people's thoughts that he felt even more sorrowful, helpless, and helpless.
 Could the Stargate ... Be opened again?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Perhaps ... In this life, he could only stay here and silently wait for death. This person was the Li family descendant, holding the starry sky sword. Could he open the Stargate?
 Li Hao...Can you do it?
 I don't know.
 As he thought about it, he even wanted to cry, but ... His body had long dried up and completely shattered. There were no tears to shed.
 The era that belongs to us has already passed on this land.
 As for me ... I don't want to be one of those people from the ancient era.
 In the past, the nine emperors were in deep sleep and brought chaos to the world. In the end, some died and some surrendered ... What about me?
 A myriad of thoughts surged into his mind. For some reason, he felt that perhaps it would be better if he didn't recover.
 ……
 In the secret room.
 Li Hao was already immersed in it, unable to extricate himself.
 Hong Yitang was the same. A single 'sword' character was ever-changing and instantly transformed. All kinds of divine power could be summoned and waved at will.
 At this moment, the two of them knew that they had really encountered a great opportunity.
 As he comprehended the changes in every word, it was as if an era had been imprinted in this book.
 These books were countless times more precious than the ones he had obtained from heaven battling city.
 There were no specific secret techniques, only descriptions of the essence of martial arts and combat techniques.
 It was simply unbelievable!
 After an unknown amount of time, Li Hao waved his hand, and a character "water" appeared. In an instant, it turned into the character "ice", and the power of frost instantly froze the surroundings.
 The next moment, they turned into the Word "snow." Snowflakes fell, but they quickly dispersed. Li Hao grunted and muttered to himself,""I don't have enough control. I don't have enough comprehension. It turns out that ... I'm still far from it!"
 Just as he was thinking about this, hei Teng's voice rang in his ears. "It's been four days. It seems that you want to leave in five days. Don't waste time. It's time to come out!"
 Li Hao instantly sobered up, but his head still ached. He couldn't believe it. "How many days has it been?"
 "It's been four days!"
 Hong Yitang's eyes were also red. He looked at Li Hao and said in confusion,""Four days?"
 How could this be!
 It was just for a moment.
 "Your mental energy is weak, and four days will pass in the blink of an eye if you're trapped in it!"
 Hei Teng appeared in front of the two of them and closed the book with a wave of his hand.
 The two of them were a little reluctant.
 "I don't have any treasures to give you," hei Teng said calmly. "This item will be your final reward for this trip!" Get out, this place needs to be sealed again. I need some time to rest. If you want to come again next time ... Wait for me to calm down, then you can come again!"
 Li Hao was in a daze. He glanced at hei Teng and said,""Are you ... Going to be resuscitated too?"
 "Resuscitate?"
 Hei Teng muttered to himself and chuckled,"What recovery? even if it's recovered, what can it do? I'll think about it, you guys should meet up!"  With that, the two of them spun and disappeared from the secret room.
 Hei Teng didn't go out. Instead, he sat down cross-legged and picked up the book. He read it carefully and felt a little nostalgic.
 ……
 On the campus square.
 The four people, a dog, and a tree were all there.
 Seeing Li Hao and Hong Yitang appear, hou Xiaochen was a little envious."Did you get any benefits?"
 I'm so jealous!
 Of course, he had also observed many secret techniques that were free these few days, and his gains were not bad.
 Li Hao exhaled. Just as he was about to say something, he suddenly felt that he couldn't say it. He was shocked and looked at Hong Yitang. Hong Yitang was also shocked and nodded."I can't say!"
 Tian Jian replied indifferently,"I've tested it long ago. It's normal. Some of the secret techniques passed down here are too advanced. It seems that some experts have set up some special means. They can't be passed down unless permission is given! There's no need to tell me what you've gained. It's been four days, isn't it time to go out?"
 Li Hao's heart moved. The fine ... Hadn't been paid yet!
 Had hei Yao forgotten about this?
 Forget it. Although he had gained a lot from reading this book, and Li Hao didn't care about the fine anymore ... It would be best if he wasn't fined. At least he had gained something.
 Otherwise, he would not get anything after paying the fine. Many people needed the spring of life now, and it was almost used up this time.
 "Senior hei Teng, can we go out at any time?"
 "With the token, of course you can!"
 "You still have to pay the fine," hei Teng said indifferently,"this is a rule set by the principal, but ... I can give you a delay. Don't think I've forgotten." "There's a big star Mine nearby, maybe you can go and take a look ... Of course, there seem to be some monster plants there, and they might still be alive ... But if you go and get them as a student of Yuanping martial arts university and a division commander of the heaven-battling Army ... If you don't give them to them, you'll be considered a traitor, and you can just kill them!"
 Li Hao was embarrassed. You remember?
 As for killing him ... Stop fooling around, what kind of strength do I have?
 The other party was at least a Paragon.
 Should I kill him with my head?
 In that case, Sky Star Town was indeed here. Yuanping martial arts university was probably built here for this big mine.
 "That mine vein ... Is very big?"
 "If those trashy energy stones from before are considered small mines ... That's like comparing an ocean to a stream. A truly huge mine can support an entire world. There were countless powerhouses in the past. How can these trashy ones compare to it?"
 Li Hao took a deep breath. He understood!
 I knew it. So many powerhouses are counting on a mine to supply energy. Obviously, this mine is not small!
 As expected, this was a real Giant Mine!
 He just didn't know how much was left now.
 "Then we ... Can leave anytime?"
 There was no sound.
 It was obvious that he didn't want to answer.
 Without any explanation or words of farewell, this Black Phoenix seemed to be different from the rest. Li Hao didn't know who was stronger, him or director Wang. Perhaps ... Director Wang was inferior to him?
 However, hei Teng's way of doing things was a little weird. He seemed to be even more silent than director Wang.
 "Let's go!"Tian Jian said with a deep voice.
 As for hei Teng, no one knew what he was thinking. It was not good to stay here for long. Although he had given them some benefits, everyone still remembered his previous act of killing stupa Mountain Master.
 These ancient civilization powerhouses didn't seem to care too much about them. Perhaps ... They were too weak.
 That's right, an elephant wouldn't care about ants.
 Just as they were about to leave, hei Teng's voice suddenly sounded in Li Hao's ears.""They seem to have great hopes for you ... Even heaven battling city might have a glimmer of hope for you ... But I have to remind you, even if you have gathered all eight divine weapons, don't rashly open the Stargate. That's all, go out!"
 Li Hao and the others felt like the world was spinning again.
 They had been sent out!
 When all of them had disappeared, hei Teng appeared. Behind him, puppets appeared one after another.
  Hei Teng looked at the puppets behind him. He stared at them silently.
 After a long time, one of the golems suddenly spoke."Teacher, you don't have to be like this. We don't regret it. At least ... We are still alive! Even if you possess a puppet and turn into a puppet, you're still alive, aren't you?"
 Blackpeak fell silent.
 "I'm sorry ... I wasn't able to complete my duty as a Guardian like them,"he said softly after a long time.
 Silence.
 At this moment, the puppets didn't say anything. They just hammered their chests.
 "The human race ... Will prosper forever!"
 Hei Teng was silent. Neo martial ... Was it still there?
 When can we return home?
 I miss home!

 The world was spinning.
 When Li Hao and the others regained their vision, they had already returned to stellarsky city.
 In the western suburbs.
 The moment Li Hao's group appeared ... The world seemed to fall silent.
 The entire world seemed to have frozen in an instant.
 It's out!
 That's right, it wasn't even five days. They had only spent four days, so many people didn't notice. However, there were still people watching them. At this moment ... The world was silent.
 Outside the ruins, some of the people who had stayed behind had their mouths wide open and fell into a daze.
 Li Hao and the others had come out!
 Then ... Then what about the experts who entered?
  What about the four secretaries?
 What about the heavenly Peng Mountain Master?
 What about the stupa Mountain Master?
 What about King ding Shan?
 Where were these overlords?
 Everyone just looked on in silence, dumbfounded, as if their thoughts had frozen.
 The world was very quiet.
 At this moment, just as Li Hao and the others were not used to it, the void seemed to crack open, and a dignified-looking middle-aged man walked out of the void. Li Hao was slightly surprised.
 Tearing space?
 No, it seemed like ... It was just too fast.
 However, his strength was also shocking.
 Who was this?
 Upon closer inspection, the middle-aged man was dressed in military uniform. Li Hao ... Seemed to have guessed his identity.
 As expected, the dignified middle-aged man looked at them for a long time before he slowly said,""They're dead?"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 At this moment, hou Xiaochen also looked at him and calmly said,"He should be dead,"
 "Did you kill him, or did the being in the ruins kill him?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "What do you think?"
 The middle-aged man was silent for a while. He glanced at the remains, then at Li Hao, and calmly said,""You can open the sky Star military governor's office, but ... Don't kill anymore. If there are any problems, you can solve them after the second awakening!"
 "You have the final say?" Li Hao frowned.
 "Whatever I say!"
 "That's right." The middle-aged man nodded."That fellow and I are only here to restrict that person from the royal family, so we've never cared about this matter. However, when your threat surpasses that of the royal family, I will do something about it!"
 "But I don't think ... You can do anything about it!" Li Hao's breathing gradually rose.
 "The founder of the military law Department," Li Hao sneered."He has left a mark in the history books. The God of War, Qi Pingjiang?"
 Yes, the founder of the military law Division.
  From Yao SI's words, the old Secretary of the military law Division, the one from the administration Division, and the one from the inspection Division were the most terrifying existences among all the first-generation secretaries.  One was civil and the other was military. As for the inspector, he was a wily old fox. He could be both civil and military, but he was still inferior to them. However, these three people, along with the other six old secretaries, directly suppressed the royal family 80 years ago!
 It could be seen how strong these three people were.
 Li Hao had met several old secretaries and killed two of them ... But actually ... It was just that.
 The imperial family was strong. It was obvious that they had to rely on these three to be suppressed.
 The God of War, Qi Pingjiang, was famous for his martial arts.
 In the earlier years, he had even led an Army to suppress the black armored Army. From this, one could see how strong he was.
 At this moment, Li Hao suspected that this person was at least at the level of a six-elemental god art. It was possible that he had really come into contact with the apex, which was the so-called seven-elemental god art. However, it was hard to determine the exact details.
 Li Hao looked at him. There was a glow of energy, but it was also a bit glaring as if energy had returned to a Martial Master. It was possible that he had turned into a super before and then back into a Martial Master. It was hard to tell exactly how he was like unless they fought.
 The other party came very quickly.
 As soon as Li Hao's group appeared, the other party came. They clearly realized that they were in trouble.
 Qian Wanhao and the others were all dead!
 Not only that, none of the monster plant avatars that were brought in came out alive. At this moment, the remains were isolated, and the monster plants had not sensed it. But now that the remains had opened again, the aura was overflowing. Soon, the monster plants would sense that their avatars were gone.
 This time, too many experts had fallen.
 This included the two masters of the sacred mountains and a Prince.
 This time, the losses were even more severe than the last time. There was one less old Secretary and three less second-generation secretaries.
 At this moment, the void trembled.
 Several more people appeared.
 Some people looked in the direction of the ruins, while others looked sorrowful. Obviously, among these people were the old secretaries of the Meritorious Service division and the foreign etiquette division.
 And now, there were only 7 old secretaries left.
 In the blink of an eye, the old man from the inspection Office also arrived. He glanced at the relic behind him, then at Li Hao and the others, but remained silent.
 His son was also silent and a little dazed.
 Li Hao ... Had come out!
 His father said,"the moment Li Hao comes out ... You should join the star military governor's office with the inspector."
 He would remember these words.
  But even he didn't think Li Hao would come out. Even if ... Even if he did, it would be a lose-lose situation for both sides. But now, Li Hao and his team had all come out. Except for hou Xiaochen, who seemed to be a little unstable, as if he had become a super, the others seemed to be fine.
 Even the dog had come out.
 However, the person who went in was gone.
 No, they must have all died.
 Otherwise, why would Li Hao and the others come out?
 At this moment, another person flew through the air. It was the Financial Secretary, Liu Yunqing, who had not been seen for a long time. The chubby Liu Yunqing looked at the remains and then at Li Hao and the others. In the depths of his eyes, there was some doubt and fear.
 He had been to the remains and the teaching buildings.
 There were extremely powerful puppets inside.
 At first, he didn't know.
 It was only when his cousin had accidentally barged into a place that he had instantly attracted the attention of multiple puppets. As soon as they had appeared, one of them had easily killed his divine-tier cousin with a single strike ... That he knew that these ruins were a dead end!

 That puppet ... Was most likely at the Paragon level.
 Furthermore, there were many puppets.
 There were at least a hundred!
 He could not imagine how terrifying a small martial arts university could be. This was just a puppet. It had not been stimulated to a deeper level, yet it was already so terrifying. Therefore, he thought that once these people made a move, they would all die!
 This was because he knew that this time, the guy had scattered the divine power stones into it, which was the easiest thing to stimulate the recovery of the relic's powerhouses.
 But ... The truth proved that he was wrong.
 Someone did die, but it wasn't li Hao's group that died. It was Qian Wanhao's group.
 Was it killed by an existence in the ruins?
 Li Hao's group coming out a day earlier might have triggered some changes in the remains. Otherwise, how could the monster plant clones have been killed?
 They were all five or even six-elemental god art powers!
  There were so many of them, not just one or two.
 He didn't believe that Li Hao had killed them all.
 But now, the truth was here.
 Li Hao came out.
 The old monster from the military law Department had also come out.
 He had suppressed countless powerful people 80 years ago and had always kept a low profile. He and the secretary of administration helped each other out, pulled up the nine divisions, and defeated the royal family.
 One had to know that he didn't appear when the three great organizations rose.
 He didn't appear even when the seven great divine mountains dominated.
 He still did not show up even after the construction of the city of superpower.
 But today, he came out.
 Warning Li Hao!
 It was only a warning.
 Clearly, even this person felt threatened.
 There was no sound in the surroundings.
 Everyone looked at Li Hao and Qi Pingjiang. At this moment, they couldn't believe that this would be the result.
 "Do you want to try?" Qi Pingjiang asked coldly.
 "So what if ... I try?" Li Hao smiled.
 BOOM!
 A monstrous aura instantly burst forth.
 An extremely powerful sword aura instantly appeared as he slashed out!
 Its speed was extremely fast!
 BOOM!
 At the same time, Qi Pingjiang threw a punch, and the space seemed to shatter. His punch was as fast as lightning!  There was a loud boom!
 The aftershock shook the ground. The small mountain that had stood in the western suburbs for many years instantly collapsed.
 A door of light was revealed. It was the door of the ruins.
 Li Hao took a few steps back, blood flowing from the corner of his mouth. He laughed. "It's nothing much! Perhaps you can still use six Sacred Arts ... But the space isn't enough to support it. If the second recovery doesn't start, the peak of ancient martial arts won't appear ... What are you so arrogant about?"
 As soon as he said that, everyone was shocked!
 The Power of Six divine abilities!
 Qi Pingjiang's power was shocking.
 However ... What was even more shocking was that although Li Hao was forced to retreat after one sword attack ... There wasn't any obvious difference in power. How could this be?
 Qi Pingjiang seemed to have expected this. How could Li Hao suppress Qian Wanhao and the others without five elements?
 He didn't get angry. He just looked at Li Hao and said,""You have the right to be arrogant, and you also have the right to be arrogant ... That's why I said that the Heavenly Star military governor's office can be opened, and the new and old secretaries of the criminal Division can be killed. You can take over the duties of the criminal Division ... But ... It doesn't mean that you can continue to create massacres!"
 Li Hao sneered,'you speak as if I'm a demon and you're a Saint! Look around and see if the reputation of the military law Department or the star military governor's office is better! Qi Pingjiang, the God of War ... Are you even worthy?"
 Qi Pingjiang remained calm,"so what if I'm worthy? so what if I'm not?" If the nine divisions had not suppressed the royal family 80 years ago, and if the nine divisions had not continued to suppress the royal family for 80 years, do you think that you would have been able to get to where you are today?"
 "That's a territory that the people of Silver Moon fought for ..." Li Hao sneered."Neither the royal family nor the nine divisions have any control over Silver Moon!"
 Qi Pingjiang did not argue.
 The Silvermoon people were tough, and even the royal family had a hard time dealing with them.
 He didn't want to say too much to Li Hao, so he repeated,""It doesn't matter if you're borrowing the power of the ruins or if you have a top-tier monster plant clone ... They can't come out and help you at this time! Once that old geezer from the imperial family is released ... Do you know what you'll face?"
 "Is he very strong?"
 "Of course!"
 Qi Pingjiang turned around and said,""No, he's not strong. Can he trap me and the guy from the administration department? Li Hao, you are indeed powerful with a divine weapon, but have you forgotten the divine weapons that stopped you that day? You just don't want to use it. You've already gotten what you want, haven't you?"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows and remained silent.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If possible, he wanted to kill these people directly.
 However, this person actually had six elements, and ... He might not have used his full strength yet. It seemed like he had always been wary of the person from the imperial family. No matter how strong the person from the imperial family was, he couldn't possibly be stronger than a seven-element cultivator, right?
  Why ... Was he so afraid?
 Thinking of this, Li Hao looked around.
 This time, except for the old Secretary of the administration Division, almost everyone else was here.
 Of the 18 secretaries of the nine divisions, Li Hao had killed five, two old and three new.
 At this moment, there were more than 10 secretaries gathered here.
 Only two or three of them didn't come.
 After a while, more experts appeared in the surroundings. A few of them were even wearing armor and covered in black armor. They were the black armored Army. The imperial family had also come.
 After a while, a person flew over. It was the seventh Princess of the nine Dragon Pavilion.
 At this moment, the seventh Princess was beaming. She looked at Li Hao and said softly,""Congratulations, Viceroy li. Royal uncle Dingshan ... Is a bit demonized. Royal uncle of the plain field has betrayed us and colluded with foreign enemies. Royal uncle Dingshan doesn't know right from wrong. I wonder...Can you bring back Royal uncle's remains so that he can be buried in the Imperial mausoleum ..."
 Li Hao looked at her and laughed."If you help me kill this guy, I'll return the corpse to you. How about it?"

 “……”
 The seventh Princess choked and forced a smile.""Governor, you must be joking ..."
 "Why are you joking?"
 Li Hao looked at her."We've already come to this point. If you and I join forces, I won't dare to say anything else, but I'll leave everyone here except for Qi Pingjiang. Can't your royal family even deal with two six-element superpowers?" Then why fight for the world? He still wanted to stage a comeback? Are you kidding me?"
 The seventh Princess didn't expect Li Hao to be so aggressive. For a moment, she was at a loss for words, and her momentum was suppressed!
 Li Hao watched for a while and suddenly sneered.""Snakes and rats are a bunch of useless people. It's not worth it to sit back and watch the opportunity pass by!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he ignored these people and left.
 Qi Pingjiang didn't stop them. As for the others, some were angry, some were sad, but no one stopped them.
 Hong Yitang and a few others followed silently.
 At this moment, Li Hao flew across the sky and laughed heartily."The day after tomorrow, I would like to invite everyone to participate in the Grand ceremony! I won't be sending out the invitation!"
  At this moment, Li Hao was extremely arrogant!
 As he streaked across the sky, his voice resounded in all directions.
 Stellarsky city was shaken. They knew that ... Governor li had returned.
 This powerful existence seemed to have done something big again?
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't hold back. His voice spread in all directions."Qian Wanhao from the Commerce division, Hu mingfa from the criminal Division, Zhang Zhen from the merit Examination Division, Yu Qing from the Ministry of Rites division, and Jiang Chao from the stable Mountain King have colluded with the city of superpowers, the three major Darksider organizations, the demons from Mount Tian Peng, and the rebels from stupa mountain ... They ambushed the law-enforcement officers from the Heavenly Star military governor's office and have all been executed today! "I hope everyone can take this as a warning. The three divisions of merit test, etiquette test, and commerce must take this as a warning. Put righteousness before family, and don't be at odds with father and son. The Heavenly Star military governor's office will always welcome the three divisions to send their traitors to the Heavenly Star military governor's office. No lynching, only the Heavenly Star military governor's office has the power to enforce the law!"
 As his voice rang out, the entire city was eerily silent.
 He couldn't digest the news.
 Who died?
 He seemed to be a Big Shot ... Yes, he seemed to be.
 Maybe I heard wrong?
 Four secretaries had died, and one of them was the old Secretary of the Department of Commerce recorded in the history books. Hu Xiao had just died last time, and it had only been a few days since then, and another famous existence had died?
 As for the heavenly Peng Mountain Master and stupa Mountain Master ... They were not familiar with each other.
 King ding Shan ... One of the nine Kings of the royal family.
 The king of the plains had died last time, and another one had died this time?
 The entire city was digesting the news.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com ……
 At the night patrollers 'headquarters.
 Yao SI's expression changed, somewhat shocked. He really succeeded?
 Kill them all?
 Li Hao ... Was really ruthless!
  At the side, little ye was also continuously inhaling and mumbling,""I knew it. Governor li is indeed omnipotent. It's too terrifying ... The nine divisions and the imperial family actually dared to provoke the governor. Aren't they courting death?"  “……”
 Yao si didn't speak.
 Before Li Hao went in, I knew he had four divine powers. I thought he was in danger and was betting my life.
 You little girl, what do you know, and you dare to say this?
 Yao si walked out of the office building and looked outside. At this moment, the entire Nightwalker headquarters was frighteningly quiet.
 Not far away, Dao Jian and the others were also silent.
 That person ... Was truly invincible.
 At this moment, he was so arrogant that he directly announced the death of those people and even ... Framed them ... Not exactly framed, but Li Hao was telling the truth. But the winner was King and the loser was vilified. Now, everything Li Hao said was right.
 "How terrifying!"
 The big eyes, which had been unconvinced all this time, were now filled with fear and shock.
 So many people were killed this time?
 Dao Jian also looked to the West in silence. At this moment, he saw rays of light flying in the sky. They were Li Hao and the others. He raised his head and looked at them with mixed feelings.
 Was killing divine powers as easy as killing chickens?
 This person ... Had he already reached this stage?
 It was said that the God tier Masters Ranking list would be released soon ... Was there any meaning to the God tier Masters Ranking list?
 If Li Hao wasn't number one, who would dare to say that they were stronger than Li Hao?
 Not only was he powerful, but more importantly, he had many experts under his command. Silver Moon martial masters had come to his aid, and some overlords had even openly supported Li Hao.
 That's right, in the past few days, the East had been in turmoil. It was said that several overlords of the East were using the name of the star military governor's office to besiege and force the Xu family to abdicate.
 Perhaps he was just borrowing power ...
  However, when Li Hao suppressed everyone, you borrowed his power ... You probably had to borrow yourself. Otherwise, do you think Li Hao's power is so easy to borrow?
 ……
 At this moment, the news spread all over the world.
 The city of supers.
 Terrifying existences stood in all directions in a magnificent Hall.
 A beautiful woman was sitting at the top of the hall.
 After a long time, he said softly, Li Hao, you're good!
 She looked around and said softly,"the city of supers was built without restraint. Its original intention was to create a paradise for supers. It could even become a Holy Land for supers, just like the star City of the ancient civilization!" But now ... That person doesn't seem to be happy to see this happen. The nine divisions and the imperial family have chosen to retreat. This Li Hao has killed four of our divine powers ..."
 "The imperial family, the Jiang family, and the nine divisions ... Are all useless!" Someone said coldly. The three great organizations are also useless. So many experts have taken action, but they actually failed ..."
 "It's done!"The woman replied. Before that, do you think you will fail? He even brought along his monster plant clone. Do you think ... Li Hao's team can win? There was no point in belittling him! The fact that Li Hao and that person from the military law Department had reached a tacit understanding and stopped making trouble was proof. Then ... The biggest problem will be the city of superpower and the three major organizations ..."

 The whereabouts of the three great organizations were uncertain.
 However, the city of supers stood in the middle and did not fall.
 At this moment, the female city Lord realized that danger was lurking everywhere. She sighed and said,""If Li Hao wants to establish his authority again, he probably won't suppress the powerhouses of the nine divisions again. The three major organizations and the seven divine mountains ... Are all untraceable, but we have millions of supers! Almost half of the central region's supers have joined SuperPower City ... The star governor's office wants to set a rule for the supers ... Who do you all think is the most suitable?"
 Was there a need to say more?
 Of course, it was the superpower City!
 "Li Hao isn't stupid," an old man said."After offending the nine divisions and the three major organizations ..."
 "You want to say that he doesn't dare to offend us?"
 "Do you think that's ... Realistic?" the woman laughed.
 Don't dare?
 What a joke!
  Wouldn't li Hao be afraid?
 "Even if he dares to, he will know why the city of superpowers is able to stand tall. The nine divisions should step back and the royal family should give way to him!" The old man said.
 "An ancient clan is not something he can understand ..." He snorted coldly.
 The woman chuckled."Don't mention this in front of him. It's just a joke. Is the Silver Moon Li family more ancient than the ancient aristocratic families?"
 The old man was speechless.
 It was reasonable, but the Li family ... How could they still be considered an aristocratic family?
 However, when Li Hao appeared and suppressed everyone, everyone realized that ... Sometimes, one person was enough. When the Silver Moon Li family was mentioned, they would only say that it was indeed an ancient great clan!
 "Then what does the city Lord mean?"
 The old man looked at the woman. She was young, but she was able to become the city Lord of SuperPower City. She had the support and tacit approval of all the families. She must have some skills.
 The woman looked into the distance for a long time before she slowly said,""Let's wait and see. Didn't li Hao want to set the rules for superpowers? Let's see what his rules are like and whether it will affect SuperPower City. If it doesn't ... Then let him be!"
 Someone's expression changed,"Castellan, you mean ... We'll let Li Hao's law be implemented in SuperPower City?" This won't do. Wouldn't we be Li Hao's vassals ..."
 The woman chuckled,"then do you want to fight him to the end for such a small matter?" Where was he so unscrupulous? The nine divisions, the imperial family, the three great organizations ... They were not one organization, not one party! They all have their own plans. They always want to watch the Tigers fight. Now, the city of superpowers has not suffered too many losses and Li Hao is unbridled. If he really comes, how many losses will we suffer even if we defeat him? By then ... They'll be the ones to watch the show. "
 Everyone was silent.
 Sometimes, they knew that this would be the result, but even if they knew, there was nothing they could do.
 This time, the various clans had joined forces.
 But what was the result?
 All of them were annihilated!
 Join forces again?
 Did he still have a chance?
 Perhaps ... They were all waiting. If they failed to take down Li Hao this time, how long would they have to wait?
 Wait for the second recovery!
 Would these people still dare to take the risk until the second superpower recovery?
  Perhaps even Ying Hongyue wouldn't dare to!  ……
 At the same time.
 Red Moon headquarters.
 Ying Hongyue leaned back in her chair and looked at the sky. After an unknown amount of time, she said softly,"Orange moon is dead, the red shadow puppet is gone, and the Hong family's hammer is lost ... How amazing!"
 He even had the chance to hammer the person from the military law Division and the division administration Division to death. He had cooperated with so many powerhouses, but in the end ... He still died!
 What a joke!
 Ying Hongyue couldn't help but laugh. She shook her head and sighed.
 There were only blue Moon and purple Moon by his side.
 The seventh month was high up in the sky, and there were fewer and fewer people around. Ziyue's eyes were a little red. Even though Black Widow had a bad reputation and was always disdainful whenever Silver Moon martial arts school mentioned her, that was her mother ...
 He had protected her for many years and she had a high status in the Crimson Moon.
 But today, her mother had died.
 The Father in front of her ... Was just a cold-blooded person. He looked gentle, but Ziyue knew very well how cold-blooded this father, who was only in name, was.
 Recently, the red moon had lost a lot of people.
 Where did they all go?
 Ziyue knew where he was going.
 They were all dead!
 He turned into a red shadow and entered the ruins with his mother. In the end, he didn't come out.
 So many powerhouses, even many members of the elder Council, had all died.
 The red moon organization had always been smooth-sailing and had countless powerful figures. Now ... All the powerful superpowers were almost dead. Only the ancient divine guards still had some top martial arts figures.
 "Leader!"
 At this moment, Blue Moon was no longer jealous. There was only an inexplicable sadness. It was as if nothing had happened, but ... Orange moon, yellow moon, Green Moon, and blue Moon had all died.
  Most of the elders had died. After the three great elders died, there were not many people left in the elder Council.
 How did the powerful Crimson Moon suddenly decline?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com She didn't understand.
 It had only been half a year since Li Hao's rise.
 How did the red moon, who had dominated the world for 20 years, become like this?
 Back then, there was only her and chief left in July.
 "Are you worried?" Ying Hongyue looked at her and smiled.
 "No, it's just ..."
 "Don't worry, it'll be fine!"Ying Hongyue gently raised her hand.
 He looked at the sky and said lightly,"it's just some setbacks. It's not the time to be depressed and hopeless. Back then, I was defeated by Yuan Shuo and was forced to kneel on the ground. I begged for survival in humiliation. In the end ... I still succeeded! And now, it's just a repeat of the past. Besides ... Li Hao can't take me down yet. "

 Ziyue was silent for a moment before she suddenly said,""Why didn't father do it himself? Was it really that important for the bloodlines of the seven families to become one? With father's many years of accumulation, even without the seven great families "bloodlines ... He is still a Supreme Master of the present age, why must he be so obsessed with the power of the eight great families" bloodlines?"
 "You don't understand," Ying Hongyue smiled.
 Ziyue remained silent.
 That's all you can say.
 I don't understand.
 But at least I know that if he didn't struggle with the unification of the seven bloodlines and only cultivated, my cheap father would definitely be an invincible existence in the world. He wouldn't be like now, restricted by the Li family bloodline and unable to fight Li Hao.
 Ying Hongyue was already very talented. Back then, she lost to Yuan Shuo because she was much younger than Yuan Shuo. Later on, her superpower rose and she took the initiative. Her power of the red shadow helped her to overcome many restrictions that restricted her.
 At that time, Ying Hongyue was definitely one of the strongest people in the world. Even if she had an opponent, it wouldn't be people like Li Hao.
 But now?
 Perhaps, to her father, the dead were not important.
  Ying Hongyue didn't say anything else. She just kept looking at the sky.
 Orange moon's death was unexpected, but ... Anything was possible. It was not completely unacceptable for her to die.
 He was just thinking about something.
 He waved his hand, indicating for the two to leave.
 Ziyue didn't say a word and turned to leave. She was a little sad. Mother, did you see that?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com [Even if you die ... He'll only sigh in return. Perhaps he's not even sighing for you. How many of the Silver Moon martial masters who followed him back then are still there?]
 There was only blue Moon.
 No wonder Martial Master Silvermoon said that women who followed Ying Hongyue were all love-struck idiots who would regret it sooner or later.
 After Ying Hongyue and the others left, she suddenly spoke,"All these years, you've been keeping it a secret as to how you're going to combine the eight meridians. Now that Li Hao has risen, you've seen and heard it. You're just worried that I'm too powerful and will surpass your limits, aren't you? And now? You still think so?"
 In the hall, a red shadow appeared without a sound.
 It was as if he was wearing a red cloak, as if he existed in another world, a little illusionary.
 Hearing this, he laughed."You misunderstand. I don't mean to restrict you ... It's just that the space is unstable now. If you really fuse as one, you might instantly break through to another level. At that time, the space will be unstable and you will be ground to pieces!"
 Ying Hongyue said calmly,"I only crushed ancient existences like you, right?" You all rely on the Dao of origin. Now that you no longer have the Dao of origin to rely on, will the people of this era be ground to pieces as well?"
 "We will!"
  The red-cloaked man said softly,"don't doubt it ... The instability of space doesn't target a single person. It targets everyone!" You have to know how terrifying it is to shatter space again and again. No matter how strong you are, you will be completely ground to pieces!"  "Only a second recovery will have a chance of stabilizing the space. At that time, it will be your chance to become one."
 "Is that so?" Ying Hongyue chuckled. Do I still have such a chance? Do you think Li Hao will come to me?"
 "Even if he comes, he can't escape this rule. No matter how strong he is, he will still be restricted! Besides ... Would you be afraid of him?"
 "Why wouldn't I?"
 Ying Hongyue said indifferently,"his progress is beyond my imagination. Such a person ... Reminds me of the ancient kings recorded in the ancient books I read!" How long would the second recovery take? This is probably enough time for him to destroy me!"
 "Don't worry. When that time comes, you can come to me ... At most, you can avoid me for a while. "
 Ying Hongyue coldly laughed and didn't say anything else.
 The red-cloaked man saw that he was silent and said,""I'll have to make some preparations for Silvermoon. There are still many experts in the eight cities of Silvermoon ..."
 "I don't care about that. I just want to know if there are any top powerhouses in Yuanping martial arts university. Otherwise ... How could so many people die so easily?"
 The man with the red cape was silent for a moment."I'm not sure ... Back then, they should have all evacuated. Even if there were people, there wouldn't be many. Yuanping martial arts university ... It's famous, but there aren't many real powerhouses. The University itself doesn't have many top-notch existences. At the last moment, they all went to war ... The powerhouses won't easily stay behind in these martial arts universities ..."
 "So you can't tell?"
 "Yes,"
 "Then, what is the origin of this University?"
  "A very terrifying existence ... It's related to the ancient king you speak of. However ... I'm sure that if the headmaster of the school left and she didn't leave, the land of Silver Moon wouldn't be in any turmoil ..."
 These words also contained a lot of information.
 Ying Hongyue understood in her heart. After a long time, she cursed in a low voice,"You can't do anything right, but you can ruin things!"
 He was talking about the Financial Secretary, and of course, he was also scolding the red cloak.
 Since he knew that Yuanping martial arts university had a huge background, why didn't he say so earlier?
 After all, this place had a very Big History.
 If it was in another place, the result might not be like this.
 The red-cloaked man didn't say anything. He knew that Ying Hongyue might be scolding the locust while pointing at the Mulberry ... However, this matter was indeed unexpected. Who would have known that there was an expert overseeing the place?
 Besides ... The current situation was unclear. Perhaps he was just a Paragon?
 There was no way to investigate further, so everything was unknown.

 The red cloak disappeared.
 Ying Hongyue watched silently for a long time before she chuckled.
 You've been restraining me all this time, and now you're watching Li Hao rise ... Let's see how you're going to deal with this.
 ……
 On this day, everyone in the country received the news.
 It shook the world!
 White moon City.
 Director Zhao laughed!
 He looked at Huang Yu and Kong Jie for a long time before he said,""This is beyond my expectations. It seems like ... The rebellion of the Silver Moon is not far away! Make your preparations and invite all the old seniors to come out of seclusion. Silvermoon ... Also needs to prepare to open the door and accept guests!"
 Kong Jie glanced at him and said after a while,""Don't tell me that those old geezers are very difficult to deal with. Some of them ... Ran away after hearing about Li Hao! You should know that these old silver Moon martial masters can't hold themselves back anymore, so how can I control them? You took hou Xiaochen away, and I'm not that close to them ..."
  “……”
 Director Zhao looked at him for a long time before saying,"Then tell me ... What use do you have?"
 Kong Jie said unhappily,"I'm useless!" "If I had known that there were so many opportunities in stellarsky city, I would have gone there a long time ago. Look at what's happening now. My divine power has become trash, and I'm still hesitating about whether I should become a super or a divine power ... Look at Hong Yitang, he's following me everywhere ... F * ck, he's about to become a top powerhouse in the world, and you're the only one stopping him. I don't want to do this anymore!"
 “……”
 "You want to run?" director Zhao looked at him.
 "Why?"
 "Hou Xiaochen and old Zhou are gone, but I'm not allowed to leave?" Kong Jie said in a bad mood.
 "No!"
 "I ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Zhao's head was also in a mess. After a while, he said, "Don't go. I'll use my treasures to fill the other locks. You can fill as many as you want. You're not weak either. It's good that they're gone. I'll give you all the resources I save!"
 Don't you go!
 If you were to run away as well ... Then would I have to do everything?
 ,m When it came to fighting, of course, martial artists were more suitable.  Kong Jie touched her chin and said after a while,""But Li Hao's side has sword energy ..."
 "Is he close to you? Did he let you use it?"
 "Why not?"
 "I'll join the star military governor's office," Kong Jie said unhappily."What's the big deal?"
 “……”
 Director Zhao coughed and coaxed,""Don't be like this. We don't have many old friends. At least you're familiar with this place ... How about this, I'll give you some more spring water of life. "
 "How much?"
  " 10 drops."  "F * ck you. Do you think I don't know that Li Hao spent 200 drops to poach old Zhou before he left?"
 "Are you worth this price? Ask Li Hao, he didn't even want to poach you for 10 drops. Otherwise, why didn't he come to you?"
 “……”
 These words hurt his self-esteem!
 Kong Jie stood up, looked at him, and gritted her teeth.""Don't you regret this!"
 "Don 't, Xiao Kong, I'm just joking. 20 drops ... It's really not much ... If there is, I'll give it all to you!"
 Kong Jie snorted and looked back,""Send them all to me in the afternoon. That's it. It's not like I have nowhere to go now!"
 With that, he turned around and left.
 Director Zhao waited for him to leave before smacking the table. He was a little annoyed,"Each and every one of you ... Is Heavenly Star City a good place? Do you really think that place is a good place?"
 “……”
 Huang Yu pondered for a while and said softly,""Old Zhao, my share ... Should be doubled as well. I'll have to work hard on my cultivation."
 "No, I mean, old Huang ..."
 "Yes!" Huang Yu stood up and said without turning his head,"send me my share in the afternoon as well. Otherwise ... It's not like I don't have anywhere to go!"
 “……”
 After everyone left, director Zhao started to curse.
 He really couldn't take it anymore!
 What's wrong?
 So what if silver Moon was a little poor?
 Li Hao's success in stellarsky city has nothing to do with you. What, you're using Li Hao to pressure me?
  Bah!
 If you don't give me a fart, I'll see if you can leave!
 You're going to save some money for me!
 Don't you guys know Silver moon's situation?
 There's a bunch of taoties here, and if there's any treasure, they've already devoured it all. Do you think we'll get a chance?
 "A bunch of bastards!"
 After scolding him for a while, he finally felt better. After a while, he snorted,""Double, right ... That's fine too, I'll teach you guys a lesson later!"
 Even though he said that, he was still extremely depressed.
 Why did all of them jump ship?
 That Li Hao...Sigh, he really knows how to give me trouble!

 (Thank you for your gifts, I would like to thank you ... Because I want to say ... Well ... Tomorrow will be the first chapter. Thank you for your love. I'm a little embarrassed. Please don't reward me, I'm shy.)
 The stellarsky city was also in turmoil.
 In the city, there were even more waves of wild tides.
 This barbarian from the North ... Was truly vicious, truly vicious, and truly fearsome!
 At first, they were still worried about whether Sky Star Martial Arts Academy could go ... At this moment, countless people were tempted. What was there to be afraid of?
 The bold die from overeating while the timid starve to death!
 It was rare for an Academy to open up to everyone without too many restrictions. The nobles probably wouldn't dare to go, but the commoners had the greatest opportunity. Although it was said that there wouldn't be too many students this time, this was still an opportunity for everyone.
 In this life ... Was he really willing to live an ordinary life?
 Was he going to live under pressure for the rest of his life?
 Although Li Hao had killed a lot of people, many people had realized that chaos was inevitable. Some aristocrats in the city had yet to react, but the civilians were the first to.
  The price of rice ... Had risen!
 Anyone with common sense would know that the problem was serious. The weather in the star dynasty had been good for many years, so food was not a problem. However, in the past few years, there had been Wars in the central region, the North, and other places ...
 But today, the price of rice had actually risen!
 Furthermore, it was currently the winter flood season, so shipping by sea was troublesome. Stellarsky city was only the capital city, and there were very few farmers. This made it increasingly difficult to transport food over. On land, all the other places in the central region were showing signs of a food shortage.
 Some smart people could tell that chaos was coming.
 The star dynasty hadn't faced a food shortage crisis for many years. Not only that ... This winter was exceptionally cold. It was as if the weather had changed, making it even more difficult for ordinary people.
 Battles still broke out frequently and the supers ate more. A portion of the fertile land had become barren. The supers absorbed the mysterious energy and it spread everywhere. The richer the place, the more mysterious energy there was. It spread from underground, in the air, and everywhere.
 Now that it was being madly absorbed by some superpowers, it caused some of the fertile land to become a wasteland.
 Under such circumstances, the moment Li Hao appeared, the initially uninterested registration point of the sky Star Martial Arts Academy was filled with people who were all registering.
 At this moment, no one cared about settling scores!
 He was on the verge of losing his life. Winter was coming, and if he didn't find a way to survive, it was hard to say if he could even live until next year. And this was the rich stellarsky city. One could imagine what the situation was like in other places.
 ……
 The registration area was packed with people.
 On Li Hao's side, he stepped on air and returned.
 He didn't do anything else. He immediately shouted,""Go to Jiusi Street and occupy the office of the Department of Criminal Law. The courtyard of the Heavenly Star military governor's office ... It's nothing. Go and occupy the Yamen of Jiusi directly!"
 The moment these words came out, a group of people was shocked.
 They did not hear what Qi Pingjiang said.
 As such, Qi Pingjiang promised Li Hao that he would replace the criminal law Division.
 However, everyone knew that ... This was the criminal law Division that had been established in the star dynasty for 80 years. It was one of the nine divisions and an incomparably powerful organization. Now ... It was going to become the star military governor's office?
 The group of people were in disbelief at first, but then they became excited.  The next moment, they all shouted,"the governor is so brave!"
 How domineering!
 What courtyard of the star military governor's office? what was a courtyard worth? he could directly occupy the criminal law Division, one of the nine divisions. Li Hao had killed two generations of secretaries. Even if there were still people in the HU family, who would dare to compete with Li Hao for territory?
 "Let's Move!"
 As soon as the order was given, a rumbling sound could be heard.
 Thousands of soldiers armed with black armor and long Spears and swords looked mighty.
 Thump thump thump!
 The drums started beating, and the Tiger li flag fluttered in the air. In front of them, a soldier shouted,""Demon Hunter Army, move out! Idlers, retreat!"
 Thump, thump, thump ... The sound of the drums reverberated.
 At this moment, all of the Demon Hunters were excited, excited, and even had an indescribable sense of pride. This kind of pride had never been felt before, but now, it was all present.
 ……
 Jiusi Street.
 Many experts floated in the air, watching silently.
 As they watched the Army of several thousand people set off and pass through the city, receiving the attention of countless people, the Heavenly Star military governor's office ... Had officially established itself in Heavenly Star City.
 However, when they saw the other party heading straight for the criminal Division ... They still had a mental breakdown.
 "How arrogant!"Someone's eyes were cold.
 It's not like there's no one left in the criminal law Division.
 Countless organizations operated in the criminal law Street. The criminal law Division was in charge of the criminal law of the world, and the law still existed ... It was just that transcendents, overlords, dark powers, and aristocrats were not under the law ...
 Was Li Hao really going to occupy the criminal Division, one of the nine divisions, today?
  ……
 On the street of the criminal Division.
 The doors of the various mansions were either tightly shut or wide open. The officials in charge walked out of the doors, their faces expressionless. No one knew what they were thinking, but they were just looking at the street in front of them.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com There was not a single person on the street.
 At the end of the street, there was a huge mansion. At this moment, the gate was wide open and it was in chaos.
 All the experts were in a mess.
 The old Secretary was dead, the current Secretary was dead, the HU family was finished!
 Originally, even if the Secretary died, there were still experts here. There were many deputy secretaries, at least at the rising light Stage, and many at the transformation stage.
 But ... What was the use?
 The criminal Division also had an independent super Army called the heaven's punishment Army, which punished the criminals on behalf of the heavens!

 This superpower Army had a total of 3000 people. All of them were supers and almost all of them were above the Dark Moon realm. This was an Army raised by the criminal Division, one of the nine divisions, to fight against the night patrols.
 The general of the heaven punishment Army was Hu mingfa.
 Now, the general was dead, and the vice-general was an old man with white hair. He was wearing bronze armor and holding a spear. At this moment, 5000 super-strong heavenly punishment Army soldiers had surrounded the criminal law Division and no one was allowed to leave.
 The old general stood at the door with his Army, blocking everyone's way out and not allowing anyone to enter or leave. He sealed off the entire criminal law Office.
 "General he ... What do you mean by this?"
 Someone angrily rebuked!
 What do you want to do at this time?
 "Even you have betrayed the criminal law Division," someone said angrily."Are you going to offer your allegiance to Li Hao?"
 The old General's action was to seal off the Yamen and prevent anyone from leaving or taking away the treasures, giving Li Hao a complete Criminal Division.
 The old general placed his spear at the door with his back facing the crowd. He was unusually calm."You are not allowed to enter or exit. Those who disobey will be killed without mercy!"
  "Don't you dare!"
 A Deputy Secretary shouted angrily,"you want to rebel?"
 The old general didn't say a word, but his aura soared. In an instant, the crowd fell silent and was somewhat apprehensive.
 When ... Did this person attain the divine power realm?
 In the past, the transformation stage was the main focus. In fact, divine power was only a recent matter. This old general had only transformed previously. After not seeing him for a few days, he had actually ... Stepped into the divine power realm!
 At this moment, everyone was angry and anxious.
 However, he also knew that he couldn't afford to offend this person.
 An expert with the ability of God!
 Moreover, the HU family had spent a lot of money to raise the 5000 supers of the heaven punishment Army. Among them, there were no less than 10 sunguang, dozens of three suns, nearly half of sunlit, and the rest were Yueming.
 To be honest, such a force ... Was not to be trifled with.
 If the two secretaries of the HU clan had not been killed one after another, the heaven punishment Army would have dared to fight with the night patrollers.
 At this moment, at the end of the long Street, a Black Army strode over with heavy steps. Rumbling sounds could be heard as the people in the surrounding Yamen bowed, representing their surrender and acknowledgment.
 Some people closed their doors tightly, which meant that they would continue to observe.
 On this day, some people were willing to surrender.
 Subdue Li Hao!
 To subdue this Overlord from the North.
 "Stop!"
 The Army stopped in their tracks. In front of them, Liu Long furrowed his brows and looked at the Army of supers. He was surprised. So many supers, this is ... The heaven punishment Army?
 He had asked around and knew some basic information about the nine divisions.
 "Is that the Vice commander of the heaven punishment Army, he Liang?" he said in a deep voice.
 "It is this general!"
 The old general walked out with his spear and looked at Liu Long,"you are Liu Long from the Demon Hunter Army? The son of the Silvermoon and the silver spear?"
 "It is!"
 Liu Long looked at him. This old general was also a Martial Master who used a spear. However, he had become a super now, and even ... An expert at the divine power level.
 If he used a spear, he wouldn't be able to avoid Silvermoon's three spear strikes.
 Even though silverspear had died early, he still left behind his reputation, which spread far and wide along with Silvermoon's thirty-six hero list.
  Liu Long frowned slightly."I don't think commander he has left his base. Why would he appear here without any orders?"  "Order? Whose order? The nine divisions or the royal family? Or perhaps ... The Heavenly Star military governor's office?"
 Liu Long looked at him and frowned slightly. He didn't know what this person was trying to do.
 "Is he Shuai ... Waiting for the military governor?"
 "It can be considered so."
 He Liang smiled and looked at Liu Long. Finally, he looked at the Demon Hunter Army behind him and sighed, "There's no need to guess. I'm here ... Just to say ... As long as I'm here, none of you ... Are allowed to take a single step into the criminal Division!"
 BOOM!
 At this moment, the entire place was shaking.
 Is he crazy?
 Liu Long was also extremely surprised, but he also understood. He looked at the old general and frowned slightly,"Why bother? The HU clan was not a wise Lord! The HU clan is involved in the chaos of the world. General, you were also a member of the martial arts world in the past ..."
 "Yeah!"
 The old man laughed,"you've said it yourself. I used to be a member of the martial arts world. Silver moon's martial arts world is not the only one that is a martial arts world! There's no right or wrong, only kindness. The HU family helped me reach the top of the divine power, in this chaotic world ... Shouldn't we talk about friendship?"
 That's right, the HU family was not a wise Lord.
 But ... I was also a martial artist back then.
 ? People of the martial arts world, what right and wrong? we're just a group of fanatics who lick blood from the blade.
 The HU clan has done me a favor, and that's enough.
 I'm not a swordsman!
 I'm ... A martial artist!
 "Who ... Cut off my head?"
 He Liang rose into the air and laughed heartily."If Governor li is willing to do me this honor, my death will be worth it!"
 At this moment, many powerhouses rose into the air from behind.
 The light sword and the southern Fist broke through the air.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The couple, yang Shan and Qin Lian, also flew over quickly. They were all eager to give it a try. Killing he Liang would be considered a contribution to the opening of the star military governor's office!
 At this moment, a voice came. It was Li Hao 's.
 "Regiment commander Liu ... You can go!"
 Everyone was stunned. Who?
  In the next moment, Liu Long took a step forward from the crowd, shocking everyone.
 What did that mean?
 Sending Liu Long to his death?
 What a joke!
 Liu Long had just entered the spirit accumulation stage and was able to kill three suns. As for Xu Guang, he might barely ... Barely be able to do it, maybe ... Right?
 Everyone was uncertain.
 Even if you let Hao lianchuan fight, he would still be a little better than Liu Long.
 He had at least stepped into the rising light!
 Although Liu Long was the Vice commander of the Demon Hunter Army, he was ... Really weak.
 "Governor, you look down on me so much. Must you humiliate me?" he Liang laughed.

 He was well aware of Liu Long's strength.
 "No, I do!"
 A moment later, Li Hao arrived in the air and said indifferently,""You're right, you're a martial arts practitioner, a pugilist. No matter right or wrong, it's not wrong to only look at kindness! The HU clan is gone, so I can understand that you want to send off your benefactor and protect your family business ... Therefore, I'll send you on your way, and let the Vice commander of the Demon Hunter Army send you off ... I'm already thinking highly of you!"
 He Liang laughed!
 "In that case ... I'm honored!"
 "It should be!"
 Li Hao looked at Liu Long."Kill him! If the heaven punishment Army dares to make a move ... Exterminate them!"
 "Yes!"
 With a loud shout, Liu Long rose into the air and roared,""Form the formation!"
 BOOM!
  Thousands of soldiers got into formation. In an instant, their qi and blood surged, and the sky and earth turned upside down. Their black banners emitted bursts of light.
 Liu Long roared as he swung his axe!
 BOOM!
 He Liang's heart trembled as well. His long spear pierced through the air, and his divine power exploded. Golden fire illuminated the sky!
 At this moment, experts appeared from all directions. Someone was shocked.""Army formation!"
 "It's only at the beginning of the spirit accumulation stage ... It's only comparable to the peak of the three-yang realm ..."
 Liu Long, who was at the peak of the three suns realm, broke the sky with his axe!
 BOOM!
 The waves surged to the sky, and nine waves overlapped.
 Ninth refinement force!
 Long Spears and short axes crossed in the air, but Liu Long was not at a disadvantage. Everyone was dumbfounded. The formation of 2000 ordinary soldiers actually allowed a peak three suns expert to fight against a divine power!
 This ... This was simply unbelievable!
 Li Hao's voice shook the entire city, so what if he's an ordinary person? 2,000 mortals could still kill a god art! You can't go against the people's will, you can't go against the people's will. How can you be a Mantis trying to stop a chariot?"
 After he finished speaking, the 2000 soldiers all shouted!
 "Kill!"
 His killing intent was monstrous!
 With a loud boom, the axe split the world apart!
 Liu Long let out a violent roar as his short axe instantly expanded in size. In a series of over a hundred strikes, a loud boom rang out as the long spear was broken ...
 In the air, a bloody gash appeared on the old General's head.
 Looking at Liu Long, he suddenly smiled,""After using the silver spear ... Not learning the spear technique ... What a pity ..."
 BOOM!
 The mysterious energy exploded, and the old general fell to the ground.
 A line of blood spread from the top of his head.
 Liu Long landed on the ground. His face behind the armor was also covered in blood, and his entire body was bleeding, but outsiders could not see it. It was too much of a stretch. Although his body was strong, and after Li Hao's repeated strengthening, he could barely withstand the morale of 2000 soldiers, but ... He still almost exploded.
 However, at this moment, Liu Long's heroic spirit was also released!
 I'll cut off the divine power!
 "General!"
 Behind them, thousands of superpowers were shaking!
 The general was dead!
 This ... Was something that they had been prepared for, but ... No one had expected that the general would die at the hands of Liu Long. They had thought that it was an expert from the other side who had made the move, but ... Who would have thought that he would die at the hands of Liu Long?
 Liu Long didn't look at he Liang for long. The winner was King, and the loser was a Bandit. If Li Hao was defeated, he might be the one who died today.
 There was nothing to say!  He looked at the Army of thousands of supers and shouted,""Surrender or fight?"
 "Surrender or fight!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The two thousand soldiers roared as their blood boiled and their emotions shook.
 Oh my God!
 Under our formation, we cut off a Divine Art!
 A divine power!
 They were the top existences in the world. Even the weakest Divine Art was a Divine Art expert, but they were killed by the Joint Forces of these people!
 The surrounding spectating powerhouses were also extremely shocked.
 2,000 soldiers were able to kill divine arts?
 What ... What was this?
 Surrender or fight?
 At this moment, the Army wavered. The next moment, a ray of light stepped out and shouted angrily,""Those who are afraid of death, retreat. Those who aren't afraid of death ... Charge with your father, let's see how the Demon Hunter Army is! The HU clan has treated us well and trained our soldiers for a thousand days to use them in a single moment. Today ... We will fight!"
 "Kill!"
 Liu Long waved his short axe and shouted,""Kill!"
 BOOM!
 On the opposite side, close to a thousand soldiers of the Tian fa Army followed the burly man and charged out. The next moment, the two armies clashed. The Demon Hunter Army's formation was very strict, with 10 people in a team, 100 people in a group, and 1000 people in a formation.
 The wide Jiusi Street was instantly filled with blood!
 There were only roars, screams, yells, and the clashing of swords!
 Ten minutes later, thousands of supers were annihilated!
 The black-armored soldier still stood proudly.
 The strong and weak were clear at a glance.
 "That's impossible ..."
 Someone mumbled to himself. Impossible.
 There were more than a thousand supers and a few sunrises. Even though there were two thousand demon hunters, but...It was impossible for them to have a 0 to 1000 casualty ratio.
 The Demon Hunter Army was actually safe and sound!
 This was too shocking!
 It was so shocking that it was unbelievable.
 At this moment, in the sky above the military law Division, the military God also flew over. He looked down at the streets of the criminal law Division with a serious expression."What a Demon Hunter Army, battling the heavenly hou. Their qi and blood formed a formation of ten people, and their qi and blood are connected ..."
 Their defense was comparable to that of sunlight, and their attack power was 10 people at a time, even surpassing that of sunlight.
 He would be able to crush these Dark Moon and radiant sun realm cultivators.
 But ... It was still unbelievable!
  It was unbelievable!
 "Surrender or fight?" Liu Long shouted again.
 "Surrender or fight!"
 The soldiers shouted in unison, their battle intent soaring and their killing intent shaking the heavens!
 A wave of aura shook the surroundings. Some of the three suns experts even shivered as they felt that they could not look at the might of the heavens directly.
 Heavens!
 This was just a group of weaklings ... Why ... Were they so powerful?
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had an indifferent expression.
 This was the effect he wanted.
 There weren't many opportunities for armies to engage in battle, so it would be extremely effective to let the Demon Hunter Army use this opportunity.

