fileno%d
aid calmly,"at that time, a portion of them revealed their true faces, a portion of them hid their identities, and a portion of them were unfamiliar. That day, there were many experts who came to attack. There were two Heavenly Kings, at least ten Saint realm experts, and nearly a hundred undying experts!" With a thunderous strike, general Jiang was killed not long after. The 100000 soldiers of the star Army were also quickly defeated, and experts from all over were killed ..."
 "This, this shouldn't be all!"
 Sun Xin continued,"that day, the energy disappeared in an instant, and the great Dao of origin disappeared. The communication with the eight major cities was cut off in an instant. So, there might be people from the eight major cities who cooperated to cut off the news from Heavenly Star Town."
 "After the other party defeated the star Army, they excavated two-thirds of the mine vein. As you can see, the remaining one-third ... On the one hand, it's for that person to nourish his physical body, and on the other hand, it's also for the preparation for the energy recovery in the future."
 Li Hao, who originally didn't want to interrupt, suddenly said,""Dug out two-thirds of the mine?"
 The big mine in front of them was only one-third of it?
 Sun Xin glanced at him, but couldn't be bothered with him.
 He still seemed to be proud.
 He looked at hei Yao and director Wang and continued,""Back then, Jing CI had also surrendered. Jing CI was in charge of isolating Heavenly Star Town, while I was in charge of guarding this place. At that time, I thought that time would pass very quickly, but I didn't expect that countless years would pass in the blink of an eye."
 Director Wang frowned,"who are the people in the main city?" Also, the two Heavenly Kings ... Who were they? Also, is that red shadow an existence from the early martial world or from another world?"
  Sun Xin looked at him and said after a while,"Two Heavenly Kings. I don't know one of them, and the other ... Is the head of the Zheng family."
 "Him?"
 Director Wang was stunned and his face was filled with disbelief.
 Hei Teng furrowed his brows and said coldly,""Are you sure?"
 "I'm sure,"
 Sun Xin laughed,"you guys don't believe it either, right?" I couldn't believe it when I saw him!"
 Zheng family was one of the 12 Holy Lands in star suppression city during the new martial era. There were venerable sovereigns in the family.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Of course, this place was only a branch of the family.
 However, it was still hard to believe that a traitor had appeared in a venerable sovereign family. Even if they knew that there might be a family in the main city who had betrayed them, but ... Zheng family ... How could it be possible!
 His heart told him that everything was possible, but he still found it hard to accept when he heard it!
 Li Hao had also heard this.
 Thinking of that Song, Li Hao suddenly felt a little confused. Even though Sun Xin ignored him, Li Hao didn't mind and interrupted again,""There's an ancient folk song in Silver City. It says that the Li family's sword, the Zhang family's saber ... In the end, it was the Zheng family's young master who held them back. Did this folk song exist during the ancient civilization era or was it spread later?"
 The few of them were puzzled.
 Director Wang furrowed his brows."Of course it's later spread. At that time, the eight major cities unified Silver Moon. Who would make up such a story about one of the eight great families?"
 Li Hao frowned,"then who spread it?" This Zheng family's young master is a burden ... It doesn't sound like something good, and now this person is saying that the Zheng family has betrayed us. I'm curious, who knows what's going on and even spread it? and it's not just one or two years. This folk song has been in the Silver City for thousands of years ... Of course, I'm not sure exactly how long it has been. "
 The few of them were also very puzzled. Who spread it?  No one had recovered before.
 The remains didn't open either.
 Who could spread it?
 At that time, there was no energy between heaven and earth. Perhaps even a Paragon would not be able to probe out a trace of spiritual power. They would be crushed directly if they were careful. No matter how weak they were, they would be squeezed.
 Who would have spread these songs at that time?
 It must be known that even people like sun Xin had only been able to have some contact with the outside world in recent years. The key point was that they were cut off by rose thorns.
 Before this, the ruins were completely sealed.
 Who would spread this song?
 "Is it related to their weapons or combat techniques?"
 Li Hao recalled that the songs in the beginning only introduced weapons. Perhaps the Zheng family only introduced weapons, too?
 "The Zheng family specializes in whip techniques, and their inherited weapon is a nine-section whip ..." Director Wang spoke again.
 What did this dragging him down have to do with the nine-section whip?
 "The young master of the Zheng family ... The head of the Zheng family has three sons. The young master of the Zheng family ... Is he talking about the three sons or one of them?" he asked after some thought.
 He was also very puzzled.
 However, this folk song seemed to be foretelling something. After linking it to Sun Xin's words, it was possible that the folk song was telling everyone that the Zheng family had betrayed them.
  Could it be that an ancient expert had come out and spread the news?
 However, they were afraid that the notice would not be passed down if they were unable to enter other ruins and used other methods to inform others. Therefore, they made up a folk song because it was the easiest thing to pass down in the local area.
 The Silver City was where the Li family and the Stargate were located.
 Was he telling the Li family in this way?
 Everyone looked at each other. The few silver-armored knights were also very confused, but they didn't say anything.
 Sun Xin also glanced at Li Hao, but still ignored him. He continued,""I don't know the other Heavenly King, but I know a few of the Saints."
 He mentioned a few more people, and director Wang's expression was extremely ugly.
 They were all big shots in the past. Two of them were even the upper echelons of the main city. One was the Deputy city Lord, and the other was the commander of one of the eight legions.
 A commander was also the commander of a hundred thousand soldiers.
 As for the other few, some of them had high status, but they were not considered to have real power.

 Director Wang wrote down their names one by one, and his expression became uglier.
 "As for the red shadow ..."
 Sun Xin shook his head,"I don't know if it's a beginner stage spiritual power Expert or an outsider. I can't tell. I was only an undying back then, so I couldn't see anything. After I entered the Saint realm, I met him once. However, if the two of you couldn't see it, I naturally couldn't see it either."
 "Then who was the person who contacted you?" hei Teng suddenly asked. To be able to persuade you and even threaten you with something against you, you must be extraordinary, right? You still haven't told me who contacted you. "
 He was a vice Commander-in-Chief. Heavenly Star Town was also an important place. Sun Xin was also a veteran in the early stage of neo martial arts. Ordinary people did not have the qualifications nor the courage to threaten him.
 Sun Xin remained silent.
 Zhang an said coldly,"you've been keeping it a secret. Are you planning to fish in troubled waters and hide this person?" Is that even possible?"
 Sun Xin smiled bitterly,"director Zhang...Really ..."
 "Li daoheng," he said after a long sigh.
 ,m "Who is it?"   "Li daoheng!"
 Director Wang was stunned, even more shocked than when he heard the Zheng family head. After a while, he said,"If you dare to speak nonsense, I'll Cut You Down right now!"
 "Do I have a chance to live?"
 Sun Xin chuckled,"I've lost my chance long ago. Why Would I Lie to You? it's just that ... There's no point in telling you. Instead, it'll make everyone feel bad. If you really want me to tell you, then I'll just listen."
 Director Wang immediately looked at Li Hao.
 Li Hao suddenly thought of someone and said,""Li Daozong is the ninth master. This person's name is so similar to the ninth master ..."
 "It's the 9th Division's elder brother ... Blood related brother!"Director Wang sighed.
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment. After a while, he said,""So, you're also a member of the Li family?"
 "Yes,"
 Director Wang nodded.
 He was a little confused.
 Yes, he was also at a loss.
 The others were fine, but the Li family ... Someone was also in trouble. How could this be possible?
 This Silver Moon was the Li family 's!
 The Li family's Swordmaster was personally overseeing the Silver Moon!
 This was the Li family's territory!
 No wonder he could easily suppress Sun Xin. The Li clan was here, and this was the Li clan's territory. How could he not admit defeat?
 Even if you're Supreme martial artist Zhang's subordinate, this is the Li clan's territory.
 Supreme martial artist Zhang had a close relationship with the human King, but the relationship between the Li family's Sword Saint and the human King was even more extraordinary. Both of them were the human King's guardians and good teachers and friends.
 In Silver Moon, Supreme martial artist Zhang was not as useful as Sword Master Li.
  Director Wang shook his head and didn't speak.  Zhang an was silent for a while before he slowly said,""The Li family ... Is normal! To be honest, ordinary people couldn't seal the Stargate. It would be normal if the Li family was involved. However, no one would dare to believe that the Li family was involved in this. "
 Director Wang's expression was still ugly. The 9th Division's brother had betrayed them, then ... What about the 9th Division?
 He believed in the ninth master!
 However, once the news got out, just in case, it might ... Cause big trouble!
 Sun Xin laughed, then looked at Li Hao. "You're from the Li family, right?"
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 "Li family ... This Silver Moon originally belonged to you, but your Li family dragged me into the fire pit. I don't have a good impression of you, and your Li family can't escape from the fact that I'm where I am today!"
 Li Hao smiled."It's just an excuse. It's useless even if my father forces me to do something I don't want to do!" If I want to do something, I won't care if someone stops me. "
 What Li family and Zhang family?
 Li Hao felt that it was ridiculous to think that someone else had dragged him into this when he had made a mistake.
 He wasn't interested in this person.
 However, Li Hao remembered some of the information he told him and the people he told him. If he asked others, director Wang might not tell him everything, so he had to match them one by one.
 "In that case," Zhang an said again,"the other party took away the big mine back then. Now, perhaps it has already recovered. They're just waiting for the world to stabilize before it reappears?"
 "It should be,"
 "Did they say what their ultimate goal is?"
 Sun Xin calmly replied,"that's the business of the big shots, but I know li daoheng's intentions. There's a high chance that he's trying to refine Silver Moon!" The sword Master had been unwilling to refine the Silver Moon, and perhaps the Li family was not satisfied with it. The sword Master was not considered weak among the venerable sovereigns, but it was widely acknowledged that his combat power could not last long. Although he was strong, his shortcomings were also obvious ... The Li family's swords all had such a flaw! "They're invincible in the same realm, but they're all soft-legged shrimps after one sword attack. I'm afraid that these Li family members aren't willing to accept the fact that the Li family has such a big weakness ..."
 "Not all of the Li family members are like this!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Even if there is, it's only li daoheng!" Director Wang hollered.
 "Who can say for sure?"
  Sun Xin laughed."Li daoheng is only from the side branch. How could he have such courage? maybe ... There are more important people who have yet to appear."
 Everyone was silent.
 "Anything else you want to ask?" Sun Xin laughed.
 Li Hao asked again,""Is this all that the 100000 soldiers of the star Army have? Where was the armor of the star Army that had died in battle? Where is the casting furnace in the city?"
 Sun Xin furrowed his brows and glanced at him, not willing to pay him any attention.
 Li Hao smiled. This guy seemed to be very unhappy with him.
 However, even if you don't tell me, I can find it myself.
 "Then let me ask you ... These five Regiment commanders ... And the star Army ..."
 "I'll take responsibility for my actions!"
 Sun Xin said in a low voice,"at this point, I'm dead for sure. There's no need to drag them down with me. They don't know anything. They've been a little foolish to keep guarding the mine. They just trusted me too much. They didn't participate in this. Furthermore ... Why would they let some Regiment commanders participate in such a big matter?"

 "Even I don't have a very high status among those who participated in that year. Those with lower status wouldn't know anything."
 There was no gratitude on the faces of the silver puppets, only anger, unwillingness, disbelief, and a strong killing intent.
 In that case, the disaster of Heavenly Star Town back then was closely related to this person.
 Their families, friends, relatives, and subordinates ... All died in that battle.
 How could he be grateful?
 Furthermore, if he didn't participate, then he didn 't. Even if Sun Xin didn't say anything, hei Teng and the others would be able to find out and naturally give them justice.
 "Sun Xin!"
 One of the silver-armored soldiers was a little angry and crazy."There were millions of people and civilians in Sky Star Town. All of them died in that battle. Except for us, no one survived. You've protected the human race from the early stage of neo martial until now. Is it a joke in your eyes? Don't you have any family or friends? How could you!"
 Sun Xin remained silent.
 After a long time, he slowly said,"people's hearts are the most fickle. In any era, it's impossible for everyone to be a good person or be selfless. It's just that I've changed so much that you don't dare to believe it. Actually, when you go out and take a look, too many people have changed their hearts. Don't be so naive."
  Then, he sighed."Also, I did think that the star Army would collapse and that general Jiang and the others would die, but ... I didn't think that they would destroy the entire city. I thought that even if I wanted to refine the Silver Moon, I would need people. I didn't expect this."
 Was there a difference?
 Were the star Army not human?
 Marshal Jiang had treated Sun Xin well, so why was this happening?
 The few silver-armored guards could not accept it, but Zhang an did not want to ask anymore. He looked at him and said,""Do you still need me to waste my energy?"
 Sun Xin sighed,"there's no need. Thank you, director Zhang. Even sinners can choose their own way of dying ... No wonder everyone says that Zhang an is the gentlest of the Zhang family's third generation. If it was your brother Zhang Peng here, he would have already cut me into pieces!"
 "If your sister was here, she would probably be the same ... Zhang an, you ... Are too weak!"
 He laughed, and it was hard to tell if it was a sneer or a disdainful smile. His physical body instantly collapsed, his great Dao crumbled, and his origin was destroyed.
 He looked at Zhang an silently until the last moment when he sighed.""If you have the chance to see Minister Zhang ... Remove my name from the merit obelisk. A sinner ... Doesn't deserve it!"
 Vanished into thin air!
 Zhang an closed his eyes and said nothing.
 In the Zhang family, he was the second of the three brothers and sisters. His elder brother was strong and decisive. He had experienced the neo martial war a few years ago, so his strength and bearing were extraordinary.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Although his younger sister was a woman, she was also abnormally valiant. She had once followed the Vice-Chancellor in another universe, killing in all directions and achieving outstanding military achievements!
 Only he ... Was soft-hearted and did not kill many.
 So, this was how the outside world viewed him.
 ……
 Sun Xin had committed suicide.
 Zhang an had given him a chance to commit suicide.
 Rose thorns was considered to have committed suicide, and Zhang an had given her a chance.
 At this moment, Li Hao was actually thinking that this person ... Was a little different. Previously, he seemed to be cold on the outside and cold on the inside, but now, he seemed to be very kind. But sometimes, kindness could be looked down upon.
 Especially in times of war, kindness was a reason for the enemy to mock you.
 At this moment, the five silver-armored soldiers kneeled on the ground and looked at Zhang an without saying a word. The remaining hundreds of star soldiers behind them also kneeled on the ground to beg for forgiveness.
 Zhang an remained silent.
 After a long time, he slowly said,"I'm tired. How will you deal with me ...? Wang Ye of heaven battling city has decided. I'm only the Dean of the martial arts university, not your superior!"
 He instantly disappeared from his spot. At this moment, perhaps he was also thinking about something.
  Director Wang looked at the crowd and then at Li Hao. After some thought, he said,""Even though you guys didn't collude with Sun Xin, your dereliction of duty and incompetence are a fact! You all ... According to the military law, all of you will be demoted by three ranks, flogged 500 times, and sent to the vanguard Battalion ..."  Even though there was no Vanguard, he still dealt with it this way.
 "Once we find the traitor, you ... You will take the lead and not retreat a single step. We will fight to the death!"
 BOOM!
 Hundreds of soldiers beat their chests and lowered their heads in silence.
 This also meant that they accepted the punishment.
 When the war started again, they would be the vanguard Army, the death soldiers who would not return until they had defeated the enemy.
 Wang Ye looked at the crowd and sighed. He waved his hand and said,""Retreat. Clear all the dangers in the Heavenly Star Town and strengthen the defense of the town. The enemy might come for you again."
 "Yes!"
 Everyone retreated one after another and disappeared in an instant. The figures of the star Army appeared in the dilapidated city and quickly began to repair the ancient city.
 Only then did director Wang return. He sat down next to Li Hao and rubbed his head in frustration.
 At this moment, he was at a loss.
 After a long time, he slowly said, Li Hao, do you know? I'm not afraid of any strong enemy. No matter how strong they are, I'm not afraid! New martial artists weren't afraid, but ... When these strong enemies were your former comrades ... Li Hao ... Did you know? I'm so desperate!"
 This chuckling expert from the ancient civilization was very fragile at this moment.
 Perhaps, Zhang an was the same.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and nodded."It's okay. If you can't do it, I'll help you kill them. Kill them all. Out of sight, out of mind!"
 Director Wang was stunned and looked at him.
 Li Hao smiled, showing his teeth."Really, don't worry! I'm not familiar with them, so I'll help you kill them. You'll just be responsible for killing those who don't have any psychological burden. "
 At this moment, his comforting words seemed especially sincere.
 However, director Wang couldn't help but shiver.
 Li Hao's gaze made him feel like he was looking at a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood.
 "Li Hao ... There are some things that Sun Xin said ..."
 "Understood!"
 Li Hao nodded, but he thought, who cares!
 Those who don't listen will all be killed.
  I learned it from your human King!
 Of course, at this stage, I can't kill them. They are both Heavenly Kings and Saints. When I can kill them ... I'll kill them all.
 The next moment, he eagerly went to pick up the corpse.
 The roses were gone, but the other four monster plants were still there.
 Corpses were still very valuable!
 He was really rich this time!
 As for the grudges at the end of the new martial arts, Li Hao was in no mood to care. Even if the ninth senior brother betrayed him, it was none of Li Hao's business. He was not the ninth senior brother.
 Director Wang sighed when he saw Li Hao's excitement.
 Forget it, it's useless to talk to this guy.
 It's better to be remorseful!

 The corpses of the four monster plants were all undying.
 The other party had consumed a lot of the 15000 drops of the spring of life. Otherwise, there would have been even more.
 What was left was the undying wood and some fruits.
 Among the four demon plants, there was a fruit tree that looked like an Apple. However, after becoming a demon plant, it would mutate and be different from its original species. Li Hao didn't know if it was an Apple.
 There were a total of 12 golden apples.
 Having obtained some sunflower seeds and coconuts last time, Li Hao now had some savings.
 Of course, the most important thing was this mine!
 This city!
 Yes, the city itself.
 The Heavenly Star Town itself was a treasure.
  All sorts of facilities, techniques, and equipment were treasures.
 For example, the weapon forging furnace was definitely here.
 Although it wasn't a giant city like heaven battling city that could fly and fight directly, this city's defense wasn't weak either. It had all kinds of facilities. Now that all 10 monster plants had fallen, there were a few regimental commanders of the star Army in the city, but they were all atoning for their crimes and listening to director Wang.
 In this case, Li Hao felt that it wouldn't be difficult to occupy the city.
 Although two-thirds of the mine was gone, Li Hao felt that ... He had never seen so many energy stones in his entire life. Even if only one-tenth of the mine was left, he still felt that it was a lot.
 This was the most energy stones he had ever seen.
 At this point, Li Hao didn't care too much about the treasures of the deceased secretaries, including the Heavenly Star King. He wanted to feed the starry sky sword the Holy weapons.
 Of course, he also thought that the others might also be lacking weapons ... In the end, Li Hao didn't feed them to the starry sky sword. That guy ate everything with relish, and it would be a waste to eat them.
 Hei Teng seemed to have some ideas and had been hiding in the depths of the mine.
 Director Wang went into the city to see if he could completely revive the city.
 The few monster plants also dispersed and went to absorb energy.
 Li Hao didn't have time to stay, either. He still had things to do up there.
 ……
 The ruins of the star military governor's office.
 Li Hao arrived. At this moment, the eight monster plants had spread out and blocked the eight entrances.
 There were 10 entrances in the entire Heavenly Star Town.
 The remaining two were left to the Redwood and the date tree.
 As for the Emperor guards, Li Hao had them station in the mine, where the energy was extremely rich. It was a return to the Emperor guards.
 The 11 monster plants blocked the entrance tightly.
 At this moment, if someone from above wanted to come down, they had to get past these monster plants first.
  He walked out of the ruins.  Li Hao and Yuan Shuo came out together.
 The moment he walked out, Yuan Shuo suddenly sighed. Li Hao seemed to know what his teacher was thinking and said softly,""Teacher, do you think that the ancient people are too strong, and we are ... Too weak?"
 Yuan Shuo, however, shook his head.
 Li Hao was surprised. It wasn 't?
 Yuan Shuo sighed,"I'm just lamenting that no matter how strong an era is, it will eventually come to an end!" "The star dynasty is considered powerful in our era. It has unified the Central Plains! And before that, the world is in chaos. "
 "There's also the new martial era before that. It was so powerful, with countless experts, Saints like rain, Heavenly Kings like clouds, and venerable sovereigns, human Kings, Supreme sovereigns, great emperors ... They're all gone."
 He was a little bitter."I suddenly feel that it's always like this in the end. The world is always in a cycle. I really ... Have nothing to say."
 He had known that the ancient civilization was powerful, but this time, he truly felt how terrifying it was.
 It was just a small world, just an ancient town, but there were already a few Saints and a large number of undying beings. This was even today when the origin had died out. If it was during the neo martial era ... How powerful would it be!
 Such an era had also ended.
 It was really unimaginable!
 Li Hao smiled,"teacher, what's wrong?" Isn't this good? Don't you also like to pursue a stronger future? There's a limitless future ahead, so we'll have more opportunities. Even if we can't surpass them, it's also a pleasure to catch up, isn't it?"
 His teacher was actually sighing over this.
 It was really unbelievable!
 In his eyes, his teacher was not afraid of anything. He would only keep chasing and surpassing.
 Yuan Shuo smiled and did not say anything.
 That's right, but ... After killing a few experts of the older generation, he still felt a little empty.
 They were the strongest group of people in this era!
 In the end, he was only a minor character in the big battle.
  It was the same for him and Li Hao. In a real battle, the Saints would decide the outcome of the battle, while they ... Could only sweep the rear.
 Today, the ancient people were still polite to Li Hao.
 But in fact, they were the ones who had conquered the big mine!
 If they don't give it to you now, do you have anything to say?
 Of course, Li Hao also had his uses. For example, he was a Porter. This was his greatest use. Otherwise, they wouldn't have been able to enter this place. Without Li Hao, their range of movement would be restricted.
 Both sides were merely restricting each other.
 But ... In the end, Li Hao had more to ask for.
 But Li Hao didn't care about this. After thinking for a while, he said,""This time, we'll have a great opportunity to develop ourselves. Teacher, if we take down the nine divisions and the imperial family, I'd like to go into seclusion for a while and gather the Silver Moon martial masters to study the martial Dao system and reorganize it to perfect a new martial Dao!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I have some ideas, but I still need everyone to work together. Right now, the system and martial arts are in a mess. Although it's like a Hundred Flowers blooming together, but ... There's not much of a future for them."
 "I think the bright star sector is where the greatest future of our generation lies!"

 Yuan Shuo also nodded. That was true.
 As they were talking, Chief Steward Yu came in. Seeing the two of them come up, he was a little happy.
 It had been almost a day since Li Hao's group had gone down, and everyone was still guarding their respective homes. The longer they waited, the more dangerous it would be.
 There was a limit to the patience of each clan.
 Once it erupts ... It's very easy to cause a big problem.
 Seeing the two of them come up, Chief Steward Yu hurriedly said,""How is it?"
 "It's done,"
 "Really?"
 Chief Steward Yu was ecstatic!
 At this moment, he could no longer hold back!
  Success!
 Just this one sentence represented too many things. It represented that the backers of the nine divisions and the imperial family had all been swept away. The top powerhouses that had been represented had all been defeated.
 She couldn't even imagine ... That it would actually succeed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, it was already December, but it was not the end of the month yet. There were still more than ten days before the end of the year.
 And they really did complete the siege on the nine divisions and the royal family in 1730 of the star origin calendar.
 Was the 200 years of history of the Star dynasty coming to an end?
 Next year ... Could it be a new history?
 "Then now ..."
 She was extremely nervous. Now ... Should she go to the nine divisions and the royal family?
 Li Hao nodded."To the nine divisions. To the royal family. One by one!" "Only the main culprits will be executed, and this will be carried out in secret to complete the transition between the nine divisions and the royal family. We will also temporarily maintain the rule of the nine divisions and the royal family ..."
 In an instant, the heavens and earth would change. That would be troublesome.
 The four continents were still in chaos, and the central region had not been completely pacified. The three major organizations were still there, and so were the sacred mountains.
 It was not a good time to change the world.
 Being able to make it through smoothly might reduce some of the magnificence, but it was the best result for the entire Heavenly Star.
 Otherwise ... There would be both internal and external problems.
 The four countries might also be eyeing the Central Plains covetously, waiting for the moment when the world would change.
 However, Chief Steward Yu did not care about this. At this moment, he was ecstatic and overjoyed,""Since ancient times, the Silver Moon has never unified the world. The North has always been poor, and although there are many brave warriors and powerful experts, their Foundation is weak, so they can't unify the world. Others despise us for being the barbarians of the North, but now ... The Silver Moon actually has the chance to unify the world!"
 Li Hao chuckled."You're a Martial Master. Why do you care about this?"
 "No, no, no, this is the pride of the Silvermoon people!"
 Li Hao smiled and didn't say anything.""Let's go to the Division of Administration first!"
 The First Division of the nine divisions!
 No one said anything, and at this moment, Liu Long also led a team of personal guards, which were the previous demon hunt squad members, and followed.
 The sky had already turned dark.
  The city was ablaze with lights. At this moment, the inspection was still ongoing. A large number of supers and transcendents were still registering. This day was also the quietest yet liveliest day in the stellarsky city.  It was very contradictory!
 It was quiet because everyone was worried and did not dare to move.
 It was lively because countless transcendents had come out from all over the city and gathered at the central square. At this moment, there were already over 100000 transcendents in the square. This was an unimaginable number.
 Stellarsky city was indeed a large city with a population of 30 million. It was also the core of the entire world. Excluding the various organizations, there were still 100000 supers, and that was not all of them.
 Military superpowers and the private armies of the various large organizations were not included.
 If one were to really count, there might be more than 200000 superhumans in stellarsky city.
 Although it was not as good as the city of superpower, the quality should be higher.
 The city of supers was filled with all kinds of people. There were supers from all over the place and there were many weak ones too. There were a bunch of star light mages, but here, there were even more brilliant sun and three suns.
 ……
 Division of Administration.
 Chen Zhongtian was in charge.
 Zhao huaimin was currently reading a book. In the courtyard, the superpowers from the Division of Administration were also waiting silently.
 Chen Zhongtian was dozing off, as if he was sleeping.
 Zhao huaimin wasn't too far away from him. He was quietly reading a book. The entire Hall was very quiet, and there was no movement at all. Only the faint sound of the book flipping could be heard.
 At this moment, there was a commotion outside.
 Zhao huaimin heard the commotion and looked outside. A moment later, he saw Li Hao striding toward him.
 At this moment, Li Hao was wearing silver armor. The Golden armor was almost completely shattered, and he put it away.
 Zhao huaimin suddenly let out a long sigh.
 When Li Hao entered the hall, he waved his hand and the door closed. Steward Yu was on guard, but Li Hao was as steady as a mountain.
 Zhao huaimin sighed, his eyes slightly red.
 Suddenly, he put down his book.
 He tidied up his clothes and did not kneel down. Instead, he bowed all the way down and said softly,""My father has passed away, and the nine divisions are a thing of the past. I, Zhao huaimin, have sinned. Greetings, Governor li!"
  "You know?" Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 "My father knows."
 Zhao huaimin lowered his head."My father said that you won't sit by and watch this time. Uncle Chen's holy weapon broke that day probably because he wanted to kill the Golden Jiao. You should know the situation inside the remains. If you appear and come to the Division of Administration ... It means that they have failed."
 "I thought my father was just being humble, but he was right," Zhao huaimin said bitterly.
 Li Hao finally recalled Zhao Tianyang's expression. From the beginning to the end, he had been so indifferent. Only at the last moment did he say that he would leave history behind 80 years ago.
 It turned out that the other party had known that they would most likely clash with Li Hao this time.
 However, they probably didn't expect this to be the result. Li Hao had moved a top-notch Saint and turned the situation around.
 Zhao huaimin didn't say much.
 A few things appeared in the storage ring.
 "This is the register of the people of the world. It's provided by the various provinces. There are 99 provinces and stellarsky city, with a population of over 9.68 billion people ..."

 It was a book ... No, it was a pile. No, it was half the hall of books. There were too many.
 Zhao huaimin showed the items to them for a while before putting them away and putting the storage ring aside.
 He then took out another item from his other storage ring."This is the list of officials from the general Administration of the 99 provinces in the world, including their resumes and some comments. They were all left behind by my father. My father said that the world is too big, and no matter how strong the strong are, it is difficult for one person to manage the world. Governor, you can consider it at your discretion. Not all officials are bad people ..."
 "Sometimes, it's not like the strong can manage the world. There are many Silver Moon experts, but how many people can manage the world?"
 Zhao huaimin laughed."This book is for your reference, military governor!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He just nodded.
 Zhao huaimin took out another item. It was a token."This is the name list of the Super organization, the supervision Department, under the Division of Administration. Throughout the dynasty, there are two secret and secret branches of the supervision Department. On the surface, there are 9000 members in the supervision Department, and in the dark, there are 1000 members, forming a super Army of 10000!"
 "Both the public and private name lists are here. See the token. Inspectors, listen to your orders!"
 He then placed the token to the side.
 Then, he continued to take out some other things.""These are the assets of the Zhao family in various places, including some Chambers of Commerce, real estate, and branch locations."
  It was another storage ring.
 Following that, he took out the last item. It was a book, the book he had been reading all this time. Written on it were a few large words,"Heavenly Star Observation records".
 "This was written by my father when he was still alive. Perhaps ... The governor might not read it, but my father said that if the governor came, he would give this book to him. It is also the most precious thing he has left behind in his life. It is all some of his experiences, some of his personal insights, and his personal thoughts."
 At this moment, Li Hao was no longer unmoved. He took a step forward and took the book.
 He opened it and glanced at it. On the title page, there was a line of words: "it's a long night without the sun. The stars are not as bright as the sun."
 Tianyang ... Zhao Tianyang!
 Deep in thought, Li Hao opened the book again. He glanced at it, but there was nothing else written except for some of Zhao Tianyang's experiences as a minor official in the past. He talked about some people he had met and things he had done in the past ...
 "I'll take it. "
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 "Thank you, Governor!" Zhao huaimin sighed.
 "You're too polite. "
 Chief Steward Yu didn't know why the other party was thanking him, but he felt that it was a little strange.
 This Zhao family member actually knew ... That he might die!
 Zhao huaimin continued,"the Zhao family is at fault, but they are also strict with their own discipline. The governor has just taken over the world, so you can't kill everyone. My father is already dead, so I will just follow him. However, the entire Zhao family ... If the governor is willing to show mercy and cripple their martial arts, we can just send them to the mountains."
 Li Hao didn't say anything.
 Zhao huaimin didn't say much. Blood trickled down the corner of his mouth as he raised his head and looked at Li Hao."The nine divisions still want the world to be peaceful, but ... In the end, they are not as powerful as others and have lost their courage. They were arrogant in the beginning, but they were timid in the end. They did not manage their position."  He smiled and looked at Li Hao."I hope that the Viceroy will not repeat the same mistakes and eliminate all evil. Be careful of the four countries invading the Central Plains ..."
 Li Hao nodded.
 Zhao huaimin didn't say anything else. He sat down, straightened his body, looked at Chen Zhongtian, and finally closed his eyes.
 At the side, Chen Zhongtian was not happy at all.
 There was only some confusion and some unconcealable sadness.
 Zhao huaimin ... He was the child who had watched him grow up.
 He knew that this day would come.
 If Li Hao or anyone else had won, this day would have come. But at this moment, they were watching their nephew cut his own heart and organs, and commit suicide ...
 Chen Zhongtian's mood was still gloomy and depressed.
 Zhao Tianyang and the others were all dead.
 The nine divisions had completely become a thing of the past.
 He suddenly remembered about 80 years ago, when the nine of them gathered together. Zhao Tianyang was a scholar with a high spirit, and he scolded the star royal family for being immoral. Qi Pingjiang was extremely solemn, and he spent all his wealth to attack the star royal family ... He remembered those people and those things.
 At that time, he was all smiles and called him big brother and second brother. At that time ... He might have had selfish motives, but he was so high-spirited and wanted to change the world, overthrow the dynasty, and build a Kingdom of Immortals.
 What a pity, what a pity!
 "Commander ..."
  "Yes." Chen Zhongtian bowed slightly,"Zhao Tianyang and Zhao huaimin from the Zhao family have died. The Chen family ... Is willing to protect the Zhao family. If there is any disturbance in the Zhao family, the Chen family will destroy it ..."
 Li Hao looked at him. After a long while, he said,"do you know that a wildfire can't burn everything down? it will grow again when the spring breeze blows."
 "Governor, I ..."
 Li Hao looked at him and suddenly laughed,"it's fine. Take him away!" You can deal with the rest of the Zhao family! Not only the Zhao clan, but you can also take anyone from the nine clans with you, except for those who have done evil. "
 Chen Zhongtian was a little surprised.
 Li Hao, however, was extremely calm."If you're afraid of even these people and want to kill them all ... Do you still want to start a new era?" he thought. Punishing the new and old secretaries of the eight divisions was a must! As for the others, those who are guilty will be executed and those who are not guilty will be released!"
 The reason why he wanted to kill the Old and New secretaries was because if these people didn't die, the world wouldn't be peaceful. There would always be people who thought there was a chance.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao didn't want such a situation to happen.
 Unless they were like the Chen family, who had surrendered in advance.
 Otherwise ... He didn't plan to keep the other families, but other than the new and old secretaries, he didn't care about the rest, and he didn't want to kill them all.

 This was also Jianghu.
 In the pugilistic world, just like Yuan Shuo, he had enemies all over the world, but in the end, not many could come for revenge. If Yuan Shuo wanted to kill, he would have killed half of the people in the martial arts world and even destroyed the sect.
 "Zhao huaimin ... Give him a proper burial!"
 Zhao huaimin had already attained five elements, but he didn't choose to resist. Li Hao still treated him well.
 Chen Zhongtian nodded and didn't say anything.
 "Seal off the administrative department. No one is allowed to enter or leave!"
 "Yes!"
 Very quickly, someone went to make the arrangements.
 Li Hao strode forward and went to the next one, the military law Division.
 ……
  The military law Department.
 Kong Jie and Chen Yao were in charge.
 The Secretary of the military law Division, Qi Dinghai, saw Li Hao's group and Chen Zhongtian. He seemed to realize something. Chen Zhongtian was in charge of the administrative division, but he was here.
 What about the secretary of administration?
 To be able to become the Secretary of the ninth Division, he was not too stupid.
 When he saw the crowd arrive, he revealed a smile."Governor li, Uncle Chen, come in and have a seat!"
 Li Hao stepped in.
 Qi Dinghai directly walked to the top, sat down, and looked at Li Hao.""Brother huaimin is dead?"
 "He's dead,"
 "What a pity!"
 "Then, my father ... Is also there?" Qi Dinghai sighed.
 "Yes."
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 Qi Dinghai was a little bitter, but he quickly smiled and said,""That's good. Father always said that the real Qi Pingjiang died 80 years ago! All these years, the military has been in chaos, and the local military is in a bad state. They killed the good to claim credit, colluded with mountain bandits and Pirates, and even lost to the bandits in terms of military strength ... Brother huaimin's death is actually a little unjust, but my Qi clan's death is not an unjust one!"
 "Brother huaimin is actually a talent in governing the world. If the governor is willing to keep him ... Of course, it's all in the past, and there's no benefit in talking about it! 'I won't die unjustly for the Qi family!' The corruption of military discipline starts with me. It doesn't have much to do with my father. "
 "Governor, are you going to kill me now or wait?" Qi Dinghai laughed.
 "When do you want to wait?" Li Hao looked at him.
 "The three armies will gather and behead the enemy in public?"
 After saying that, he suddenly shook his head."Forget it. I've been in the limelight my entire life, and I've died in such an unsightly manner ... I hope that the governor can fulfill my wish and allow me to spar with Yuan Shuo. Let me see the Fist of Five birds. Perhaps my father died in his hands?"
 "Old demon Yuan, what do you think?" he looked at Yuan Shuo.
 Yuan Shuo looked at him coldly."I killed your father on the spot. He had seven elements. Do you want to try?"
 "Let's try!"
 "At least I have some face to die in your hands!" Qi Dinghai laughed.
 "How's the military?"Li Hao asked.
  Qi Dinghai laughed."It's nothing much. The current Heavenly Star dynasty has a total of 30 million troops. I can't manage all of them. There are 7 million troops stationed in the middle, but I can only manage 2 million. I can take over with the commander's seal! "Whether you want to disperse it or not, it's up to you, Governor. Now that military discipline has been violated, the central region is still fine, but in the four continents, military discipline has already become non-existent. Reorganizing the Army might be a big problem for you, so I hope you won't find it annoying!"  After he finished speaking, he threw down a commander's seal and smiled,"With this, the two million troops can probably still listen to orders. As for the rest ... They'll have to pray for themselves. I can't control them."
 Li Hao took it and waved his hand without saying anything. A wave of energy spread out and surrounded the area.
 Qi Dinghai did not waste any time. A long spear appeared and he quickly charged towards Yuan Shuo. It was also a five-elemental power, not a six-elemental power.
 It was extremely powerful!
 His spear technique was extremely powerful and filled with killing intent.
 However, the person he met was Yuan Shuo.
 Yuan Shuo didn't use any other means, only his Tiger fist.
 They exchanged three punches. One hit the other's chest, and the fourth punch shattered the other's throat!
 Qi Dinghai's spear touched the ground as he looked at Yuan Shuo. He stood up and died. With four punches, Yuan Shuo killed his opponent.
 Yuan Shuo exhaled,"the Qi family is tough!" The Qi family's father and son do not have the ability to manage things. There are tens of millions of troops in the world. In name, they are in charge of the military law Department, but in reality, even Silvermoon no longer listens to orders. It is indeed chaotic!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Chen Zhongtian looked at Qi Dinghai and sighed.
 He looked at Li Hao, who nodded slightly.
 Chen Zhongtian sighed, took a step forward, and collected the corpse.
 Behind him, the few people who had just entered were already stunned.
 Chen Yao looked at his father in confusion.
 Chen Zhongtian didn't say anything.
 The military law Division and the Division of Administration were already in the bag. Now, the merit Examination Division and the foreign etiquette division didn't need to be managed much. The new and old secretaries were dead, the inspection Division had joined them, and the criminal law Division had been destroyed.
 At this moment, the ones who really needed to manage were the Internal Affairs Division and the financial division.
 As for the Department of Commerce, the old Secretary was dead. The current Secretary was not strong and obviously could not cause any trouble. Even if the business affairs under the Department of Commerce were to be in chaos, it would not cause much harm.
 The Internal Affairs Division was actually nothing, the financial division was the key.
 "To the Financial Secretary!"
 Li Hao said. On the other side was the first Division that he had offended after he entered the capital.
 Yuanping martial arts university was given up by the other party.
  ……
 The Financial Secretary.
 Liu Yunqing suddenly felt uneasy.
 His father glanced at Zhou Chuan, who was not far away.
 Zhou Chuan had just walked out of the relic and stopped blocking it. The old man frowned slightly.
 No longer sealing off the ruins ...
 This was not a good sign!
 "Director Zhou, is Governor li ... Coming?" the old man suddenly asked.
 "What do you mean?" Zhou Chuan was slightly stunned and smiled.
 The old man smiled and looked outside. Li Hao's group had not arrived yet. He took a deep breath and said,""The Liu family is willing to offer their services to the star military governor. We'll spend all our wealth to ensure that the star financial system is stable and not chaotic, and we'll hand it over to Silver Moon! After that, the Liu family had nothing else to ask for except that the governor was willing to reward them with a small island in the four Seas so that they could live the rest of their lives in peace. All the evildoers of the Liu family will be handed over to the military governor's office for punishment!"

 "This old man has neglected to discipline the Liu family and has made some mistakes ... This old man is willing to bear all the responsibility and let Yunqing take the Liu family away ..."
 Director Zhou's eyebrows rose.
 Beside him, Liu Yunqing's face turned pale.
 Why ... Did this happen all of a sudden?
 In the next moment, he somewhat understood.
 Could it be ... Impossible!
 There were so many experts below. Could it be that they had been defeated?
 That was impossible.
 However, other than this, his father was extremely shrewd. Why would he suddenly choose to surrender at this time? he would not even hesitate to sacrifice himself in exchange for the lives of the Liu family's young and old.
 At this moment, they heard Li Hao's voice.""Old Secretary, you're smart, but I'm not interested in killing everyone. The Zhao family and the Qi family are both father and son. As for the rest of the family members, I'll deal with them accordingly!"
  The old Secretary sighed and bowed,""Sinner Liu Fu pays his respects to the military governor!"
 Liu Yunqing's face turned pale and he bent down with his father.
 He was defeated!
 Although he had expected it, he did not expect it to happen so quickly.
 In his eyes, the only people who could win in this world were Li Hao and Ying Hongyue, but he didn't expect that Li Hao would defeat the nine divisions and the imperial family so quickly and complete the unification.
 Li Hao strode in.
 The collapse of the financial system was unacceptable at the moment.
 The military was already in chaos, and even messier ... It really didn't matter.
 The administrative system was currently independent in all the regions, so it was nothing much.
 Only the financial system was controlled by the Liu family. They were in charge of worldly bank, taxation, star currency printing, and other key departments. Now that the world was in turmoil, star currency still had purchasing power.
 The moment the star currency system collapsed, it would be an even greater disaster.
 He looked at the two of them. The father and son of the Liu family were actually very interesting. After Li Hao destroyed the SI hai organization, the father and son were like dead people, never to appear again, as if they had been waiting for something.
 He hadn't even arrived yet, and this old Secretary wanted to offer his service ...
 Obviously, the other party had also guessed something.
 This was also one of the divisions with the least losses so far.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao walked up to the throne in the main hall, looked at the two, and fell into deep thought.
 The four Seas group under the Liu family had colluded with and supported the Pirates in secret. They had also colluded with the demons and colluded with Phoenix Mountain to feed the demons and eat humans ...
 Li Hao remembered all of this.
 However, killing this father and son might cause some violent turmoil.
 This pair of father and son were extremely shrewd, so they might have some backup plans.
 Once the star currency system collapsed, Li Hao would be in deep trouble since he had yet to unify the world and could not react quickly.  Placate them first?
 Then, after things had settled down, he would kill the father and son?
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 Liu Fu's face was dripping with sweat. He suddenly said,""Governor, the death of my father and I is not to be regretted, but I have something to say. I have a grandson who has loved martial arts since he was young. He was born to be a martial arts fanatic and never cared about the world! When he was young, he was dissatisfied with his family's extravagance and left early to wander the world. I want him to join the sky Star martial Academy as a student or a teacher. Governor ... Can you accept him?"
 "We will also complete the transition of the financial system within a month. A month later ... The governor ... Can do whatever he wants to us!"
 Li Hao was surprised.
 His grandson ... Had joined the sky Star Martial Arts Academy.
 The martial arts Academy hadn't even opened yet.
 Liu Fu had actually allowed his grandson to enter the academy. After thinking about it, he understood what Liu Fu meant. He looked at Liu Fu and smiled."It seems that you think highly of your grandson?"
 Liu Fu took a deep breath."It's not a matter of whether I like him or not. I'm just thinking that he likes martial arts. Perhaps he can fulfill his lifelong dream after joining the martial arts college." Don't worry, Governor, my grandson has a simple and honest personality. Yunqing and I will teach him well and definitely won't cause any trouble ..."
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows. This old man knew that he wanted to kill him.
 He also wanted to kill Liu Yunqing.
 At this moment, he had chosen not to protect Liu Yunqing but to hope that his grandson could enter the martial arts Academy and restore his family's reputation?
 Li Hao had said before that he wouldn't involve his family.
 However, he still made such a choice ... This was interesting.
 Li Hao thought for a while, nodded, and said with a smile,""Sure!"
 "Thank you for your help, commander!" Liu Fu heaved a long sigh of relief.
 "Old Secretary ... He's just fulfilling his own wish!"
 Li Hao smiled."The old Secretary is a smart person. I won't say much. Director Zhou, arrange for someone to take over the Financial Secretary. This is very important!"
 "Understood."
  Director Zhou nodded his head.
 Li Hao wasn't in a hurry to leave. He said,"Why didn't the Department of Internal Affairs do anything these few times?"
 At the side, Chen Zhongtian opened his mouth to speak."The Internal Affairs Division has always been loyal to the royal family. However, the royal family has come down a few times and hurt their hearts. The MU family is no longer willing to contribute to the royal family, so they chose to watch from the side."
 "Internal Affairs Division, kill or keep?"
 Li Hao looked at Chen Zhongtian, who was in a difficult position.
 "Governor," Liu Fu suddenly said,"the MU family of the Department of Internal Affairs does not have much power. They have only served the imperial family all these years. In the early years, we persuaded him to take over the duties of the Department of Internal Affairs and supervise the imperial family. Of course, the imperial family and the MU family became closer and closer, and the MU family joined the imperial family."
 Hearing this, Li Hao didn't quite understand what he meant. Are you persuading me to kill or to keep?
 From what he had said, he had betrayed the nine divisions and then the royal family. He was not a good person.
 But he also said that he didn't have much authority ...
 Liu Fu saw Li Hao looking at him and hurriedly said,""The MU family of the Department of Internal Affairs is timid, weak, and doesn't have much power ... They're a suitable benchmark and pose no threat. The governor always wants some people to stay behind to cheer for him. It's fine to keep the MU family and let them become the benchmark for the world. The governor is kind and will not kill them ..."

 He had actually persuaded Li Hao to stay in the MU family.
 And he himself ... Was about to die!
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at him with interest. After a long time, he said,""It's a pity that the old man is so smart. Why did he choose to collude with Pirates and demons?"
 If not for that, he would really want to keep the Liu family.
 This father and son were both very smart.
 In fact, Li Hao didn't have enough manpower, but he didn't want to make a big mistake.
 Liu Fu chuckled, but he didn't explain.
 Explain what?
 Before that, it was not wrong to collude with Pirates, the three major organizations, and the demons.
 Many experts in the world were doing this.
  Strictly speaking, it was the same. Monster plants were also monsters, which family did not have monster plants behind them? You, Li Hao, also have a monster plant behind you!
 ? However, the Liu family was also obsessed with money in the later stages. In order to earn more wealth, their methods were even more bottomless.
 There was no need to say all this now. If he did, he would offend everyone.
 If he protected the MU family ... The MU family would still be more sentimental.
 The MU family was not a big threat, and they were not very powerful. However, at this time, as one of the nine divisions that could be preserved, they could also take care of the Liu family in the future. He knew the father and son of the MU family well. They were temperamental people. Whoever was good to them, they would feel good. Whoever was bad to them, they would also remember.
 In this way, it could also be considered as fighting for some opportunities for the Liu family.
 Li Hao thought for a while. Not a big threat, no authority, and a role model ...
 "Why did the young lady of the MU family go to the SI hai organization before? Are you colluding with the Pirates or the demons?"
 Mu Xiaorong had been locked up for a long time, but no one had said why she went to the SI hai organization at that time.
 At the side, Liu Yunqing sighed and said softly,""It's not that. It's just that the Liu family wanted to marry the MU family, so mu Xiaorong went to observe the Liu family's selection."
 Li Hao frowned. It was that simple?
 "There's another reason," Liu Yunqing continued."Previously, the Liu family proposed a marriage alliance, and the imperial family also hoped for this. Mu Xiaorong went to the four islands to avoid the imperial family ..."
 Li Hao didn't believe it completely, but it wasn't a big problem.
 After a moment's consideration, he said,"I have an idea. The two of you ... Please keep a low profile for the time being. I'll be back in a month!"
 With that, he got up and left.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Liu Fu and his son let out a long sigh as they watched them leave.
 Director Zhou didn't leave and stayed outside.
 Liu Fu didn't avoid him. He sighed and said,""Finish the transition as soon as possible. A month ... We'll be able to do a lot of things. At the very least, we'll be doing much better than the other clans. Let the child come back. While we still have time, we'll make him stronger."
 "Father, this ..."
 Liu Yunqing looked at his old father and did not quite understand. Since there was no way out, why did he still let the Liu family continue to appear in public? perhaps it was better to retire in peace.
 "If you can survive, you can enjoy your retirement in peace ..."
 "But you ... If that's the case, how can our family survive without powerful experts in this era?" Liu Fu said as he aged. If I can't avoid the world, then ... I'll take the initiative to embrace the future!"
 The father and son had lost their chance, but their grandson had joined the first batch of students or instructors of the sky Star Martial Arts Academy. In addition, the Liu family had cooperated with the military governor's office to complete the transfer of power. Thus, the Liu family still had hope of winning Li Hao's trust.
 Liu Yunqing thought for a while, nodded, and did not say anything.
 Outside the room, director Zhou sighed.
 This old man Liu was quite capable. In fact, he wanted to persuade Li Hao to let the father and son stay, but he didn't say it in the end.
 As he watched Li Hao and the others leave, director Zhou knew that after tonight, the stellarsky city would belong to li.
 The heavens had changed!
 ……
 Following that, the Meritorious Service division, the foreign etiquette division, and the business division were all unsurprised. Li Hao quickly completed the blockade.
 He did not go to the MU family for the time being.
 Instead, he headed straight for the Imperial Palace, and the number of experts behind him grew.
 A mirror was silently floating in the air, shrouding the entire Palace. The royal family ... Li Hao was going to clean up the palace. A large-scale cleaning would probably cause a huge commotion.
 This generation's heavenly astral King was full of ambition.
 Heavenly Star King was locked down, and everything the royal family did was done by the current Heavenly Star King. He was an ambitious man, and there were still many kings and dukes in the royal family.
 The other party might not be like the other families and choose to compromise and accept their fate.
 In the Imperial Palace.
 "Your Majesty, I'll go out and report the situation first. You guys eat and drink first!" Nan Quan laughed.
 With that, he stood up and left.
 Outside the door, the earth-overturning sword and the heavenly Sword had already arrived.  The three of them walked out together.
 In the main hall.
 The heavenly astral King frowned slightly. Below, a group of princes and princesses, as well as a few princes and Dukes, were gathered. Someone cursed,""You dog! You're just a dog! You were even more obedient than a dog in the palace!"
 The heavenly astral King didn't pay any attention to him. Instead, he looked outside and frowned slightly.
 Nan Quan had just said that there was good food and drink, so he should eat first.
 These words ... Were not pleasant to hear.
 Just as he was thinking, his expression suddenly changed. Li Hao ... Was here!
 ……
 Outside the Imperial Palace.
 Li Hao walked through the palace gate. Behind him, Chen Zhongtian, Chen Yao, Kong Jie, BA Dao, North fist, Thunderbolt kick, light sword, Jade Rakshasa, Black Panther, Jade lightsaber, and Yuan Shuo all followed.
 Yao si and hou Xiaochen also quickly arrived, giving up on suppressing the Internal Affairs Division. At the moment, there was only a group of night patrols patrolling the area.
 Not long after, Tian Jian and the other two gathered.
 Li Hao looked at the palace in the distance and smiled.
 "Heavenly astral King, princes, Dukes, princes, princesses ... Kill all the supers!"
 Everyone was stunned.
 Li Hao was not so cruel to Jiusi.
 Li Hao said in a deep voice, did you hear that? Kill!"
 Without any hesitation, the imperial family had ruled the world for 200 years, and the nine divisions had done some good things, but the imperial family ... Really did not.
 He had always wanted to overturn the world.
 If he didn't kill, how could he overthrow heavenstar?
 Everyone looked at each other. In the next moment, they all shouted,"Yes!"
 In an instant, many figures rushed into the Imperial Palace!
 In the blink of an eye, sounds of killing rose up!
 At this moment, everyone knew that once the imperial family was destroyed, heavenstar would have a new master!
 Over a thousand demon hunters also entered the Imperial Palace. In the distance, squads of black armored soldiers charged over. Even further away, a middle-aged man wearing a crown soared into the sky and looked at Li Hao with a cold gaze.
 The Jiang family's heavenstar might be gone.
 Li Hao also rose into the air and instantly flew over.
 Heavenly astral King looked at him coldly and said nothing. A golden sword appeared in his hand. He looked at Li Hao and chuckled."The winner is king and the loser is a Bandit. It's still unknown who will win!"
 "Kill!"
 A loud shout shook the heavens and the earth. This person had actually managed to step into the seven elements realm, and even the void was cracking.
 In all directions, the sounds of fighting continued.
 The Silver Moon martial masters all exploded, killing the experts of the Imperials in the blink of an eye.
 The heavenly astral King didn't say anything.
 If he killed Li Hao, he would still have a chance.
 But this time, Li Hao did not give this Heavenly Star King any special treatment or courtesy. This man ... Was even worse than his father!
 A sharp sword appeared. It was the starry sky sword.
 Various types of forces instantly converged and a powerful force instantly exploded. Sword intent erupted and the void was torn apart. The starry sky sword was unbelievably powerful. It was nothing against those Saints, but against this ...
 The sword slashed down!
 BOOM!
  The sky was torn apart, and the long sword in the heavenly astral king's hand was instantly shattered. A bloody gash appeared on his face, and he looked at Li Hao in disbelief.
 This ambitious King didn't think that he would end up like this.
 "Star royal family, you're the most annoying!"
 Li Hao snorted. It was the imperial family who had killed the governor of the three northern provinces, which had led to the turmoil in the three northern provinces and countless deaths. Li Hao hated this person to the core!
 At this moment, the other places fell silent.
 In the blink of an eye, the sounds of battle rang out again.
 "Heavenly astral king is dead. Kill!"
 The sounds of killing filled the air. The wind and cloud treasure mirror isolated the heaven and earth. Only screams, pleas for mercy, and curses resounded through the clouds.
 The royal family, which had ruled the world for 200 years, had suffered a catastrophe today.
 No one had expected that the weather would change less than three months after Li Hao entered stellarsky city.

 With the death of King heavenstar, the royal family members from all directions started to panic.
 The killing continued.
 As for Li Hao, he floated above the Imperial Palace and watched the experts being killed one after another. In the distance, several princes roared madly.
 A large number of black armored soldiers charged out of the palace.
 "Kill Li Hao!"
 Someone roared and pulled up a Palace with his divine power, smashing it at Li Hao.
 Li Hao swung his sword, shaking the mountain.
 A huge mountain appeared, and the sword Mountain suppressed it. The palace cracked open, and sword Qi crisscrossed. In the distance, a Prince was cut in half.
 "Li Hao," a member of the royal family shouted angrily,"the Heavenly Star royal family has treated you well. We made you the governor of Heavenly Star, the Marquis of Heavenly Star, and helped you establish the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Is this how you repay us?"
 It was the seventh Princess.
  At this moment, the mysterious woman who was usually in charge of the nine Dragons Pavilion could no longer maintain her calm and shouted angrily.
 His heart was filled with sorrow!
 It was Li Hao's first time in the nine Dragons Pavilion, and he had been acting like a country bumpkin. Who would have thought that Li Hao would lead an Army to the palace and kill King heavenstar in just a few months?
 The Jiang family had not lost to Jiu si, but to Li Hao.
 "Not thin?"
 ,m Li Hao said calmly,'the imperial family and I are just using each other. There's no such thing as gratitude. If I remember correctly, the White shark Pirates in the North Sea were supported by the Jiang family. The Jiang family has influence in all Four Seas. "  "Not only that, the Jiang family is also secretly supporting the various rebel forces. In the North, the largest rebel force in the three northern provinces is called the heaven's restoration Army, which is also a means of restoration. It should also be supported by your Jiang family."
 "In the past two hundred years, the Jiang family has done both good and bad things! However, he had done more than he had done, and he was far more detestable than the nine divisions! When the nine divisions still had their Qing [ 1] days, the Jiang family was always muddleheaded and incompetent, except for the period when they were ruling the world ... Seventh Princess, do you think the Jiang family can be kept?"
 The seventh Princess was covered in blood as she shouted,""Li Hao, you're just a loser! Since ancient times, the Imperial path had been ruthless! The world was in chaos. Before the Jiang family's dynasty, the world was even more chaotic. The 99 provinces were constantly in conflict, and countless people died every year. After my Jiang family unified the world, the world was peaceful for at least 200 years. How could you not mention such an achievement?"
 "Compared to the chaotic world, after the star dynasty was established, the people of the world could at least survive!"
 The seventh Princess was not convinced!
 200 years ago, the world was in turmoil. Wars were endless, and the vassals fought for hegemony. At that time, it was even more chaotic than now.
 The Jiang family had unified the world, at least ending the era of dukedom.
 Li Hao, why didn't you say so?
 "So, your Jiang family has enjoyed 200 years of royal treatment."
 Li Hao was still calm,'when there's effort, there's reward. 200 years ago, the first king of heavenly stars had indeed made a grand plan and established a unified dynasty in the Central Plains. His contributions could not be denied. But your Jiang family has also enjoyed 200 years of wealth and glory, haven't you?"
 "Today, the world is in turmoil, and it's all because of your Jiang family!"
 The seventh Princess was still indignant."If not for the nine divisions suppressing my grandfather, if not for the three major organizations stirring up trouble everywhere, if not for the turmoil in your Silver Moon martial arts forest," she said angrily,"the world would still be peaceful! You, Li Hao, aren't necessarily better than my Jiang family. You're just a cover. Even if my Jiang family is annihilated and the heavens reincarnate, you, Li Hao ... Won't be able to escape the retribution of the dynasty apocalypse!"  Li Hao did not say anything.
 Who knew about the reincarnation of the heavenly Dao?
 The Jiang family was unwilling to accept this. They felt that this was a process that every dynasty would go through. He didn't want to say anything, nor did he have anything to say.
 The history books were like this.
 Even though everything was recorded in the history books, generations of emperors continued to make the same mistakes. Sometimes, this was a very strange thing.
 Any Emperor, unless it was the Emperor who first started the dynasty, would have read a few history books.
 Haven't you seen the records of the end of the dynasty?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But ... He still did what he had to do.
 In the end, he would also become history and become one of the people recorded in this book.
 Just as he was thinking, Yu Luosha struck out with her palm, causing the other party to vomit blood. Yu Luosha snorted coldly,""Have you said enough?"
 Where did all this talk come from!
 The seventh Princess couldn't stop coughing blood. She looked at her coldly and said,""Bitch! In the end, you won't be better off than my Jiang family. Just wait and see!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the long sword stabbed into the air.
 A baleful aura also shot up into the sky.
 Just as Yu Luosha was about to retaliate, Liu Long, who had been protecting Li Hao from the side, suddenly appeared from below. He swung his axe, and with a crack, his long sword broke.
 The seventh Princess took a few steps back and her expression changed.
 Liu Long's expression was cold. He looked at her with his back facing Yu Luosha,""I'll kill her!"
  Yu Luosha was a little surprised. Liu Long had always kept a low profile and never fought for anything.
 Why did they attack first today?
 The seventh Princess was not weak, but Liu Long was much weaker.
 However, Liu Long didn't say anything. He swung his axe and continued to attack. The ninth refinement force exploded forth like a monstrous wave, and his killing intent was overwhelming. Below him, the dozens of Demon Hunter Army soldiers were all gathered together, using a formation to maintain Liu Long's blood and Qi flow.
 The seventh Princess was also extremely ruthless. Her longsword was broken, but a pair of Jade-white palms overflowed with a dazzling radiance as she slapped toward Liu Long.
 If the commander of Li Hao's guards could kill him at this moment ... It would be a pain for Li Hao.
 The two sides continued to fight!
 In the blink of an eye, they had exchanged dozens of blows.
 Liu Long suddenly let out a fierce roar, and a huge wave rose up into the sky. With a chop of his axe, a cracking sound rang out. The first thing that broke was his own breastbone, and even his armor was slightly dented.
 He had chopped off his opponent's arm with his axe.

