fileno%d
th Princess grunted and her eyes turned cold."I didn't expect that even a nobody like you would be able to kill me ..."
 Liu Long was panting heavily, but he didn't say anything else. He attacked again, and this time, he was even more valiant than before.
 In the blink of an eye, the enemy was forced to retreat. With a loud bang, the seventh Princess was hacked to the ground by Liu Long's axe, coughing up blood.
 Right at this moment, Liu Long's axe came flying over. With a loud bang, the other party was smashed into the crowd.
 The seventh Princess coughed up blood."If you want to kill me, then hurry up. How dare you humiliate me?"
 In the distance.
 Even Li Hao was a little surprised. Liu Long had always been a competitive person, so why did he attack the seventh Princess today?
 And it was the enemy who had stolen the Jade Rakshasa.
 Just as he was thinking, his heart moved.
 "Kill her!" Not far away, Liu Long shouted in a low voice.
  An armored warrior walked out from the demon-hunter Army. Without saying anything, a water dragon appeared and turned into a sharp sword. It instantly pierced through the seventh Princess 'heart. The seventh Princess kept coughing out blood. She looked at the armored warrior ... Why?
 The armor disappeared.
 Yunyao's face was revealed. She looked at the seventh Princess and the seventh Princess looked back at her. After a long time, she suddenly smiled. "It's you ... No wonder ..."
 Yunyao's eyes were calm,"it's me!" Back when my father was still alive, I was on good terms with you. I didn't expect you to betray my Yun family and kill hundreds of my Academy's teachers and students. Jiang Rong, I'm back!"
 "Cough, cough, cough ... Ridiculous!"
 The seventh Princess laughed and looked at Li Hao in the distance.""What a joke ..."
 As soon as he finished speaking, he fell to the ground with a bang.
 Liu Long spat out a mouthful of blood. He glanced at Yun Yao and said gloomily,""Kill her first, then kill them one by one. I'll take revenge for the demon hunting squad one by one!"
 The demon hunting team consisted of Yun Yao, Liu Yan, Wu Chao, Chen Jian, Li Hao, who had joined later, and himself. There were only six people in total.
 Liu Yan's enemy was Hong Yue, Wu Chao's enemy was Fei Tian, and Yun Yao's enemy was the big forces in Tian Xing city.
 The nine Dragons Pavilion, which was under the control of the seventh Princess, had once attacked the tenseng Academy. They had killed a large number of teachers and students, captured some, and had forced some to serve the nine Dragons Pavilion.
 As the spokesperson of the royal family, Yun Yao was on good terms with the seventh Princess because they were both women and the royal family had shown their support for Yun Haoran. In the end, the Yun family was destroyed not long after.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Among them, the seventh Princess had contributed a lot.
 Yunyao nodded and didn't say anything.
 The members of the demon hunting squad didn't need to be grateful to Liu Long, as they all kept him in their hearts. Ever since the Silver City, Liu Long had always protected and helped them, and it was still the same even today.
 There were some things that Li Hao might have forgotten or didn't feel deeply about, but Liu Long had always remembered them.
 ……
 In the distance.
 Li Hao understood. At this moment, he had mixed feelings.  What Liu Long had always hoped to do was actually very simple: protect the Silver City, protect the Demon Hunter squad, and protect them. This was Liu Long's wish. Although Li Hao had given them a lot of resources after bringing Liu Long out of the Silver City, they were no longer as harmonious as they had been in the Silver City. They were no longer like family, laughing and scolding each other.
 Li Hao knew that Yun Yao's enemies were the imperial family and the nine divisions.
 However, Li Hao had never thought of letting yunyao take revenge herself. He always felt that he would succeed if he killed all these people.
 On the other hand, Liu Long had always remembered it in his heart.
 Ever since he left the Silver City, there were a few people who had a great influence on him. His teacher was one, Hong Yitang was another, and Liu Long was also one of them.
 During his time in Silver City, Liu Long had spared no effort to help him.
 Li Hao gently exhaled. Because there were too many things to do, he had already put aside the matter of the demon hunting squad. He had promised Liu Long that they would return to the Silver City sooner or later.
 He might not be able to do it in a short period of time.
 The massacre continued.
 At this moment, a person broke through the air and arrived. It was the southern Fist.
 At this moment, Nan Quan was carrying a bloodied man in his hand. He looked at Li Hao and said in a low voice,""He Yong wants to plead for a favor from Governor li!"
 Li Hao immediately recognized the young man who was covered in blood.
 The ninth Prince.
 He was 20 years old this year. Nan Quan had entered the royal family 20 years ago and had been taking care of this Prince ever since. The ninth Prince's martial cultivation today was all thanks to Nan Quan.
 Of course, the ninth Prince had also given back a lot to the fact that the southern Fist was able to reach the level of unsealing in the royal family.
 As soon as the southern Fist arrived, he knew why it came.
 At this time, some people also returned.
 After Northern fist killed a Prince, he stepped on the air and returned. When he saw Southern Fist carrying a person, he immediately shouted,""He Yong, what nonsense are you saying!"
  The imperial family was annihilated, and the Jiang family was slaughtered.
 The ninth Prince's talent wasn't weak, and his battle strength was very strong. There were even people in the royal family who called for the ninth Prince to take over the throne once the current Heavenly Star King passed away.
 This wasn't a marginal figure.
 If it was the side branch of the imperial family, it wouldn't be a big deal for them if Nan Quan asked for a favor. The Silver Moon Martial Master was a man who would always repay kindness and hatred.
 However, this was a candidate for the Crown Prince.
 Leaving this person alive would be too much of a disaster.
 The southern style ... Had crossed the line!
 Nan Quan's expression was heavy as he lowered his head,""Governor, I left my home in Silver Moon and came to the royal family in search of a chance to break through. I don't care about the royal family, but I've been relying on him for many years ... This time, He Yong doesn't ask for any achievements, but I beg you ... To spare his life!"
 Please!
 He knew that if the ninth Prince didn't kill him, there would be a lot of trouble.

 However, he couldn't get over the hurdle in his heart.
 He looked at Li Hao with a pleading look in his eyes.
 The ninth Prince was coughing out blood, but he seemed to have sobered up. He struggled for a moment before coughing."Master he, you don't have to ..."
 "You shut up!"
 "Die!" Nan Quan shouted and threw a punch, knocking him out.
 He didn't say anything and just looked at Li Hao.
 Gradually, more and more experts gathered around Li Hao. Some frowned, some glared.
 In the royal family, other than the heavenly astral King, these few princes were the biggest threats.
 The star royal family had unified the world for 200 years, and there were still experts loyal to the royal family.
 The Duke of the South was still in the South Sea, leading 600000 elite troops. They were in a stalemate with the Duke of Wu in the South.
  If the ninth Prince managed to survive and escape to the South, he would be in big trouble.
 Li Hao glanced at Southern Fist. After a while, he smiled. "It's just a small matter. "
 "Governor!"
 "Li Hao!"
 Many people looked at Li Hao.
 Li Hao said softly,"I know a little about the ninth Prince. He's very close to uncle-master Nanquan. He's like a Silver Moon Martial Master. Silver Moon martial masters always return favors. Since he's done uncle-master Nanquan a favor ... Then he'll stay."
 He chuckled and looked around."One more doesn't matter. There are too many people who want to kill me. Two kings of the Heavenly Star died by my hands. The ninth Prince didn't do anything evil, and he's not the leader of the royal family. He's been bullied since he was young. With the help of uncle-master Nanquan, he's where he is today ..."
 "Uncle Master Nan Quan, you can take him away!" He said with a smile.
 Nan Quan's eyes were a little complicated as he said in a low voice,""I crippled his martial arts. A crippled person can't cause any waves!"
 "No need,"
 Li Hao waved his hand."He inherited the heaven shaking fist, so he can be considered my Junior master's successor. If his martial arts are crippled, wouldn't it be a waste of my Junior master's many years of hard work?"
 Everyone looked at Li Hao, not knowing what to say.
 If this person stayed ... There might be endless trouble!
 To be able to go from being bullied by everyone in the palace to being able to make the royal family recommend him to be the Crown Prince, one could see that this person's ability was not to be underestimated.
 It was necessary to bear the humiliation and use clever means.
 Now, if he didn't kill this person ...
 The group of people looked at Nan Quan. Some glared at him, while others felt helpless.
 Sometimes, the southern Fist was like this.
 He knew what it meant to leave the ninth Prince behind, but Nan Quan didn't want to regret it for the rest of his life.
 Li Hao didn't say anything more. He looked around and saw that the battle had gradually stopped.
 The experts were killed one after another.
  Of the nine Kings of the imperial family, two had died long ago. Today, another Three Kings were killed in the Imperial Palace, and four were still alive, including South-conquering king from the South. Of the other three, two were still in stellarsky city, and one was at the border of the Western sea in the central region. He was mainly responsible for suppressing the West and confronting the quelling Duke's clan.  At this time, a large number of Palace maids, eunuchs, and concubines ... Were driven over from all over the place.
 In the huge square, tens of thousands of people gathered.
 Some people were trembling, while others were scared out of their wits.
 Back then, the nine divisions had never attacked the Imperial Palace. They had also fought with the Heavenly Star King in secret. After suppressing the other party, they established the nine divisions and had a peaceful period with the imperial family.
 But today ... The Imperial Palace had been breached!
 Wails and sobs were heard.
 There were more than 10000 servants in the huge Palace. There were also a large number of black armored soldiers who were suppressed. There were nearly 20000 people in total.
 And this was still the present.
 80 years ago, there were even more people in the palace.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Looking at the people in front of him, Li Hao's voice spread.""Black armored Army, take off your armor, lay down your arms, and surrender. We can spare your lives! The maids and servants in the palace are all the same. If you want to leave, you can slowly register and wait. I will gradually disband them. In the near future, no one is allowed to take a step out of the palace!"
 "Members of the royal family, those who are still alive, shall be detained and await trial!"
 "Those who put up a stubborn resistance, kill without mercy!"
 The sound of sobbing became softer. Some people were feeling uneasy, but when they saw that the experts from all directions didn't come to kill them, they felt more at ease.
 It didn't matter if it was a change of heaven and earth or a change of dynasty, for many people, it actually ... Didn't matter.
 It was fine as long as they could survive.
 There wasn't much loyalty to speak of.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao strode toward the main hall of the Royal Palace, the Heavenly Star Hall, the core Hall of the dynasty.
 A Dragon Throne stood in the center of the hall, shining with light.
 Li Hao walked forward and sat down on the Dragon Throne. At this moment, the people who had followed him looked at Li Hao strangely, but they didn't say anything.
  And Li Hao sat on the Dragon Throne.
 He raised his head and looked at Tian Hua. After a long while, he laughed,""This Dragon Throne is too hard, it's uncomfortable to sit on! Whether it's authority or status, it's not manifested by this thing. I think it's made of gold ... Melt it ... Forget it, keep it. It's good for those who want to have a good time in the future!"
 Kicking the Dragon chair away, Li Hao waved his hand, and a chair flew over. It was much softer.
 "Let's leave the matters outside to the Demon Hunters to handle. Everyone, come in first and have a small meeting!"
 One by one, the powerhouses entered quickly.
 "All of you, sit down!"
 Li Hao chuckled."You're all my seniors. You don't have to be so polite. The Imperial court is also a place of the martial world. Martial world is everywhere. Seniors, please be at ease!"
 Yuan Shuo sat down on the chair without any hesitation.
 Upon seeing this, the others took their seats.
 In the huge Hall, although Li Hao's side also had many people, they were much sparser than the official court.

 Li Hao looked at the crowd and sighed.
 "I didn't expect that we would be able to complete the encirclement and suppression of Heavenly Star City so quickly ... Let's cut to the chase and get straight to the point! It's difficult to conquer the world, but it's even more difficult to rule the world. I don't want the world to be in turmoil just because we've destroyed the imperial family of the nine divisions ..."
 "Therefore, I still need your help to complete the transition of the dynasty."
 "From now on, Tian Xing city will continue to be closed. Director Zhou will be in charge of the Division of Administration, Chen Yao will continue to manage the inspection Division, and as for the military law Division ... I will arrange for general Huang Yu to take over as soon as possible."
 Li Hao quickly said: "the Meritorious Service division and the Foreign Affairs division are not needed for the time being. The Internal Affairs Division will be put aside for the time being. The Liu father and son will take care of the financial division, but ... Time is limited, and someone needs to take over the financial division. This is an important task, who can do it?"
 The group of people looked at each other, but no one said a word.
 At this moment, everyone understood that this was considered a sharing of the credit.
 After conquering the world, even though he had not completely unified it, he was now acting as the nine divisions, so he might be able to sit firmly in the future.
 However, they were all martial artists.
 There were actually very few people who had the ability to do this.
  "No one is good at it?" Li Hao asked again, frowning.
 "Then let's put it aside for now. Let's talk about the night watchers. Minister Yao and Minister hou are in charge. It's a waste. Minister Yao, you can continue to be the night watchers. Minister hou, you will be in charge of the business department. Business is still needed. Without business, society will not progress ..."
 Hou Xiaochen wanted to say,"you're joking!"
 How did I get assigned to manage some Department of Commerce?
 How the hell do I know any business skills?
 Li Hao, isn't this a blind arrangement?
 Li Hao smiled and said,"I believe in Minister hou. He's also good at doing business. Besides, he has someone to help him, mainly to manage people. He's not asking you to start a company. Minister hou has been in the business world for decades, and we have too few officials here. You'll do!"
 “……”
 Hou Xiaochen was exhausted. Li Hao continued,"also, Minister hou has a strong mental power. He's good at calculating and calculating. He's good."
 Hou Xiaochen could only nod helplessly.
 Li Hao looked at the crowd again."Of course, this is only temporary management. Professional things are done by professionals. We are all laymen, and it's not the time to enjoy. The three major organizations are still here, the archaeological ruins are still here, a large number of monster plants are still here ... And the three high Duke's public houses are not destroyed."
 "We only killed a group of official leaders. It's considered a special operation, but ... There's no way to bring peace to the world like this ..."
 Li Hao rubbed his temples."I'm not good at this either. I'm ... At a loss!" Whoever has the ability, say it yourself. Let's try it first. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Still, no one made a sound.
 Everyone looked at each other. It was fine for us to kill people, but to manage the world ... Forget it.
 "Ahem!"
  At this moment, someone coughed and said,"Silver moon's director Zhao can still do it!" He's been in charge of Silver Moon for several decades, and silver Moon has never been in much of a mess ..."  Director Zhou wasn't bad, but he was just one person and his clone couldn't do everything.
 He would have to bring Silver moon's team over.
 Silver Moon had four guards, and all three of them were here. Only director Zhao was still in Silver Moon.
 Li Hao, however, shook his head."No, we can't mess up Silver Moon. There's ... Something important to do there. Even if we mess up Heavenly Star, we can't mess up Silver Moon!" "Furthermore, Silver Moon is approaching the Li Dynasty. Although there is no news from Li Dynasty, it doesn't mean that Li Dynasty is gone. Senior Northern fist has stayed in Li Dynasty before and knows the situation. The other party's Army is very strong, and their martial arts are also very powerful ..."
 Silver Moon could not just leave. If they all did, he would probably be done for.
 At this moment, Li Hao sighed.
 A group of martial artists managing the world ... It really ... Made one feel helpless.
 On Hong Yitang's side, Li Hao actually wanted him to do something.
 However, he knew some of Hong Yitang's thoughts. Hence, he would settle Sky Star Martial Arts Academy first.
 "Commander, you've forgotten someone ..." Tian Jian suddenly said.
 "Who is it?"
 "Lin Hongyu!"
 Sky sword did not hold back either."This woman managed the chaotic SuperPower City with a million supers and a dozen families. She's not only powerful but also has the potential to become an official ... She managed the million supers well. Even though there are more people in Sky Star City, I believe she can manage them well!"
 Everyone's eyes moved slightly.
 Lin Hongyu!
  No one really considered this candidate.
 Someone said,"this isn't good, is it?" That woman isn't a Silvermoon person ..."
 "You're too narrow-minded. Do you know how to manage the world? We're not from the Silvermoon ... We're currently sitting in stellarsky city, the core of the world. Can the Silvermoon people manage the world?"
 "That's true!"
 “……”
 The crowd discussed spiritedly. Some felt that it was inappropriate, while others felt that it was quite good.
 Li Hao also thought for a while.
 Lin Hongyu managed the superpower City well ... No matter the reason, she was still capable.
 Everyone present was a lone traveler. Sky sword Manor was the leader of a force, but to put it bluntly, it was a swordsman's hideout. Everyone had nothing to do, so they could go back to practice martial arts and sleep. When there was something to do, who would stay in the sky sword Manor?
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo suddenly said,""So, do we still use the name of the star military governor's office?"

 It was not legitimate.
 Although it was best to hide the news at the current stage, he still had to make a new signboard later.
 You can't always use the name of the star military governor's office, right?
 Many people looked at Li Hao.
 Northern fist was also very straightforward."It's fine if Li Hao becomes the Emperor. Let's each get a General's title or a governor's title ... It'll be convenient to do anything!"
 Some people rolled their eyes, as if they were in a Bandit's den.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Chen Zhongtian coughed lightly. He, who had not spoken much all this while, smiled and said,""Military governor, I think we should use the name of the Heavenly Star military governor's office first. As for other matters, we can take our time. It won't be too late to discuss this after we've dealt with the various problems. "
 Li Hao nodded."There's no need to do that now. We're not strong enough. It's winter now, and it's freezing. Let's get through this winter first. When spring comes, we'll send out our troops and exterminate them!"
 "We're too big now, but we have limited manpower. At this stage, we should take a break."
 "Let's not talk about the other places first, we need to calm down the central region ..."
  Li Hao said,"there are many provinces in the central region, but they have always been in close contact with stellarsky city. The biggest force is still the superpower City, which has already been taken down. As long as we force the three major organizations to leave or annihilate them, it will not be difficult to take down the central region. We will quickly take care of the central region when spring comes."
 The crowd nodded again.
 Anyway, they didn't care too much about it, or rather, they didn't know much about it. What should they do next?
 Li Hao didn't understand either. At this moment, he sighed.
 When others fought for the world, they had many talents under them.
 "On my side ... It's a group of martial artists.
 He was fine with fighting and killing, but when it came to this ... He was about to explode.
 When he killed, he felt very good.
 After killing all of them, they would see ... Who would manage the world after killing all of them?
 "Let's not talk about this first. There are many supers in stellarsky city and they are still registering. Furthermore, the imperial family of the nine divisions still has a super Army. We have to quickly complete the takeover and not let these places become chaotic!"
 Li Hao quickly made arrangements to take over the supers, kill, and set fire. These guys were all good at it, so he could send anyone.
 ……
 After a small meeting in the palace, Li Hao left the palace and did not stay for long.
 This place was cold and deserted. Now, it was even filled with corpses. It was not comfortable to live in.
 The secondary copy of the book of wind and cloud was still enveloping the Imperial Palace, and its seal had yet to be undone.
 This was to prevent others from finding out about the royal family's situation.
 ……
 Following this, the Silver Moon Martial Master moved out in all directions.
 The mansions of the nobles were also quickly seized.
 ? That night, stellarsky city was in turmoil.
 What the star military governor's office announced to the public was that the three major organizations 'superpowers were stirring up chaos in all directions, that the star military governor's office was capturing and killing strong enemies, and that the civilians could just stay at home.
 The blockade on the eight divisions and the imperial family had also gradually loosened.
 Those who didn't know the situation thought that Li Hao had given up on the pressure on these forces.
 ……
 Red Moon headquarters.
  Ying Hongyue had been frowning until now. After a long time, she slowly said,"Is there any more information from Heavenly Star City?"  "Leader, the Heavenly Star military governor's office has temporarily given up on the blockade of the eight divisions and the imperial family. A portion of the Silver Moon martial masters have already left, but the entire Heavenly Star City is still under lockdown."
 Someone quickly reported.
 Ying Hongyue picked up the teacup. The tea had already turned cold. After a long time, she said,"Gather all the members of the Crimson Moon and evacuate from the central continent!" He ordered.
 Below, the crowd was slightly stunned.
 Evacuate?
 Why?
 Ying Hongyue didn't say anything. She only looked into the distance and raised her head to look at the sky. She seemed to be able to vaguely see threads. However, at this moment, a few of these red threads were very fragile.
 Li Hao used the starry sky sword to devour some more divine weapons.
 Perhaps, the wind-chasing boots and the Zhang family's stone saber were all gone.
 Three out of the eight divine weapons had been used up.
 Under what circumstances would Li Hao Do such a thing?
 Previously, it was to deal with Fengyun Pavilion. This time, it might be to deal with the nine divisions and the imperial family. It was not a 'maybe', it was 'definitely'.
 And Li Hao was still alive!
 This meant that ... Li Hao might have won?
 He was not sure.
 Because of the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town, he knew a little about the situation. There were many experts. If he could even win this, it would be too terrifying.
 "All of you can leave now and do as I say!"
 "Yes!"
 Everyone left.
 After they left, a red cloak appeared. "What's wrong? Why did you evacuate?"
 Ying Hongyue said calmly,"the central region is in chaos right now. The Heavenly Star military governor's office is right here. It's not safe for them to keep sweeping in all directions. Let's move to another place!"
 The red-cloaked man hesitated for a moment, but he quickly said,""Where do you want to go?"
 "The North!"
 The North?
  "Silver Moon?" the red-cloaked man was stunned.
 "No, three northern provinces!"
 Ying Hongyue calmly said,"in addition, it's best to have the Yama and Fei Tian meet up with me!" If the three sides were to combine, the troublesome matters might still be ahead. "
 "Flying heavens and Yama ... This ..."
 The man with the red cloak still wanted to say something, but Ying Hongyue said indifferently,"As you wish! "I understand what you're thinking. Don't put all your eggs in one basket. However, I'm even more clear that you're the ones supporting flying heavens and Yama. At the current stage, fighting alone and restricting each other might cause trouble. "
 "You think ... That Li Hao has the upper hand?" the man with the red cloak asked after a moment of silence.
 "Maybe,"
 The red-cloaked man pondered again."I need to report this to the higher-ups before making a decision."
 "As soon as possible!"
 "Alright!"

 The red cloak disappeared in an instant. Ying Hongyue looked indifferently in the direction he had disappeared. After a long time, she stood up. This couldn't go on. Regardless of whether Li Hao won or not, the other party might welcome an explosive period next.
 As for him ... If he continued like this, he might really fall.
 These guys didn't trust him.
 It was time for him to do something. Otherwise, he could only wait for death.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Silver Moon.
 Heaven battling city.
 General Huai suddenly came to his senses. Not only that, but the old turtle also appeared in an instant.
 Not long after, the ninth Division commander also appeared.
  General Huai transformed into his human form and looked at the sky. After a long time, he said,""Did you ... Sense anything?"
 The old turtle asked in a deep voice,'is there any strange movement near the Stargate? Or something else? I just felt a slight change in the world. "
 It seemed to be the Stargate.
 General Huai also nodded slightly."I don't know if there's a problem. According to Li Hao, an eight-trigram array has appeared at the Stargate. It should be the eight-trigram seal of the universe. Something might be sealed there. What did Li Hao Do?" Why do I feel like ... The seal has loosened?"
 "What did you do?"
 The few of them exchanged glances. What could they do?
 If he didn't kill Ying Hongyue, then he must have ... Shattered the divine weapon.
 Who knows?
 There was a 99% chance that he had broken the divine weapon.
 After a while, the ninth master said calmly,""It's fine. As long as the starry sky sword is here, it's fine. I'm just afraid that ... This lawless guy will break the starry sky sword one day. That'll be troublesome."
 The few of them looked at each other and shook their heads.
 It shouldn't be.
 The starry sky sword was forged by the human King.
 It was almost impossible for Li Hao to break the starry sky sword at his current stage.
 "It's nothing," the ninth master said."Did the two of you sense any changes in the world? The change in the essence ..."
 A change in the origin?
 The two old men looked at each other."I didn't sense anything. Did you sense any changes?"
 The origin did not change much and continued to be sealed.
 "Another source seems to have appeared between heaven and earth," the ninth Division commander said in a deep voice."The last time Li Hao came, he used the divine text technique. Could it be that a universe of great Dao has appeared because of this technique?"
 "That's not necessary, is it?"
 The two of them felt that it was unlikely, but ... If the ninth master had sensed it, there might have been some special changes. This person could sense it, perhaps it had something to do with his Li family background.
 The ninth Division commander did not say much and only reminded,""According to our recent senses, we might be able to walk on the summit in a few days. The entire world seems to be recovering at an accelerated pace. Even though the great starry mine is still there, the world is also starting to recover on its own."
 This time, the two old men nodded. They had also sensed the change.
 "In the following period of time, the undyings of the main cities or other places, if they are weak, maybe...They can go out and travel."
  "General Huai, you still need to speed up the absorption of energy and revive heaven battling city's barracks as soon as possible, including the other legions in the depths ..." The ninth Division commander quickly said.  General Huai nodded.
 This was also the top priority of heaven battling city.
 …………
 On this day, it wasn't just heaven battling city that had some strange movements.
 There were many strange movements in the land of Silver Moon.
 This included the main city of the Zhao family.
 Director Zhao walked out of the city ruins and frowned. Very soon, the world would be able to accommodate the peak?
 How could it recover so quickly?
 He had a headache.
 He had no idea what Li Hao and the others were up to in stellarsky city, but if he did not get involved in this matter, Silver moon's side would probably descend into complete chaos soon. There were simply too many ruins in this place.
 There were main cities, small cities, martial arts universities, and all sorts of relics.
 There were also places of inheritance and itinerant cultivator sects ...
 But now, Silvermoon was extremely weak.
 "That detestable brat even took Huang Yu away. The people in the main city are also tempted to go out and travel ..."
 Many thoughts appeared in director Zhao's head.
 Before this, the powerhouses of the main cities could not come out.
 But now, the world was starting to recover.
 Some of the weaker undyings, the ones that were still alive, in a few days, they might be able to go out...When that time comes, it would be troublesome.
 "It's fine if it's a normal person, but I'm afraid ... I'll go crazy. "
 He thought to himself, anyone who had been silent for so many years would feel extremely uncomfortable as if they had been locked in prison for 100000 years. Some people had probably gone crazy long ago, right?
 Just as he was walking towards the administration Bureau, a figure appeared and said hurriedly,""Director, we've received news from the Silver City. The Silver City's energy has suddenly recovered by a lot, and there are signs of it expanding."
 "What?"
 Director Zhao was stunned, how could that be!
  Silver moon's little bit of energy would be gone in an instant, yet it could still spread?
 This wasn't something to be happy about, but rather something to be afraid of.
 It was abnormal!
 Frowning, he said,"arrange for someone to investigate. Inform Li Hao. Also ... Prepare for battle."
 "Understood!"
 The person quickly disappeared. Director Zhao rubbed his head and cursed. He really made people worry.
 Now, he had to manage everything himself.
 He was only one person, and he couldn't split his body.
 What was the point of Li Hao and the others running to stellarsky city to cause trouble? in the end, wouldn't they still have to return to Silver Moon?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this stage, Silver Moon might have plenty of opportunities. If he seized this opportunity, he might be able to break through to the seven elements. These guys ... If he allowed them to run around, they would regret it to death sooner or later!

 Heavenly Star City.
 The governor's office.
 Li Hao simply dealt with some miscellaneous matters. He didn't have time to go deeper, so he summoned some people to the governor's office to wait for orders.
 The Silver Moon martial masters all had their own tasks.
 At this moment, Li Hao was gathering another group of people.
 ……
 In the main hall of the governor's office.
 The group of people felt uneasy. Some of them were from the nine divisions, some were from the night patrols, and they were all geniuses.
 This included Hu Qingfeng, Dao Jian, and a few others.
 Dao Jian was extremely calm, but the big-eyed trio beside him were a little uneasy.
  Not far away, the genius from the Division of Administration, Qi gang, was also among them. These people had been on the God tier master ranking list in the past or had some fame in the headquarters. They had entered the rising light and God tier at a young age.
 Some of them did not even know what had happened. They had only received a message from the star military governor's office, asking them to go to the governor's office to register their superpowers.
 Li Hao hadn't returned yet.
 There were also people from the governor's office among the crowd.
 After a long time, Hu Qingfeng couldn't help but slowly walk to Hao lianchuan's side. With a big smile on his face, he said in a low voice,""Hao bu, did Viceroy li summon us here for some mission? I don't think many of them are members of the governor's office ..."
 Hao lianchuan didn't know what Li Hao was going to do.
 Ever since he came to stellarsky city, he had always been cooperating with the Demon Hunters. Although his own strength had improved by quite a bit, and he had even stepped into the middle stage of the rising light realm with the help of a large amount of resources, this strength was not of much use in the current governor's office.
 Previously, Hao lianchuan had participated in the battle with the demon-hunter Army of the Imperial Palace, but he had not been involved in other matters.
 At this moment, he didn't know what Li Hao was up to. Even if he did, he couldn't say it.
 Hao lianchuan also found Hu Qingfeng particularly unpleasant to the eye. Back in white moon City, this guy had been arrogant and haughty. He was still Living a Good Life today. Hao lianchuan cursed in his heart.
 How is this guy still alive?
 Just as he was about to say a few perfunctory words, another group of people entered the hall.
 Hao lianchuan took a look and was a little surprised.
 Wang Ming, Hu Hao, Li Meng, yunyao ...
 They were all familiar faces, but they were different. They were all superpowers.
 Yes, the martial masters were not there.
 There weren't many superpowers in the Demon Hunter Army. Almost all of them were martial masters. The few superpowers were also special people who had come into contact with Li Hao early on or were his junior brothers and sisters.
 And at this time, they were all here.
 Almost all of those geniuses were supers, but none of them were martial masters. The most powerful Dao sword had already entered the divine power level, but they were not martial masters, but true supers.
 Hao lianchuan knew how busy Li Hao was at the moment.
  Why did he call everyone here at this time? was it related to his superpower identity?  They weren't too familiar with each other, and some of them even belonged to different forces.
 At this moment, they didn't say much and felt a little uneasy.
 Before they came, some of them had gone to the ninth Bureau to report that the military governor's office was recruiting. After all, they were not part of the same system, and there were some grudges. But today, the person in charge of the ninth Bureau did not appear. At most, a Deputy Secretary had appeared. He gave a perfunctory reply and went to Xuanji.
 Then, there was no then.
 This made many people feel uneasy.
 They were all geniuses of their respective divisions. Some of them held positions in their own divisions, and some of them had even worked in the nine divisions before. They had seen Li Hao appear with his people and then leave quickly. After that, some of the higher-ups were called away one after another. When they returned, they seemed to be different.
 The seal on the nine divisions had been lifted.
 However, people as astute as Qi gang and the others noticed something different. Although the nine divisions were no longer under lockdown, and there were no night patrols or demon hunters to suppress them, there were more or less a few more Silver Moon martial masters in the division.
 However, they were very secretive. Even if they were discovered, the excuse would be to secretly track down the members of the three major organizations and not expose their existence.
 While everyone was thinking, another person suddenly entered.
 It was a woman with a pale face and seemed to be in a daze. Someone was startled and said in a low voice,""Miss mu?"
 Isn't this mu Xiaorong?
 It was only then that everyone remembered that she had been detained for a while and had not been heard. Everyone thought that she had been executed, but it seemed that Li Hao did not kill her. But why did he release her now?
 Just as they were about to exchange a few words, everyone suddenly fell silent.
 Outside the hall, Li Hao walked in under the protection of two god art users. The two god art users were yang Shan and Qin Lian, who were also god art users that could be upgraded.
 At this moment, Li Hao's expression was extremely calm.
 He walked into the main hall and nodded at Hao lianchuan and the others. He then walked forward and sat down.
 "We pay our respects to Governor li!"
 Everyone greeted him. Li Hao waved his hand and looked at the crowd. There were nearly 50 people.
  All the members of the nine divisions had one.
 Without exception, they were all superpowers.
 "Are you all confused as to why I asked you all to come here to see me?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com No one said anything, but Hao lianchuan saw that no one responded, so he hurriedly said,""Of course the governor has a purpose,"
 Li Hao didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Hao lianchuan was really supportive.
 "Since everyone is here, I won't beat around the bush. I'll say this first. Jiusi is gone."
 "The royal family is gone too!" Li Hao said calmly.
 BOOM!
 Many people instantly lost their composure. However, some people looked calm, as if they had expected this.
 Li Hao looked at Qi gang, the secretary of administration. He had met this man before, and they had even gone to heaven battling city together. Li Hao looked at Qi gang and said,""Qi gang, you don't look surprised at all?"

 Qi gang was handsome and extremely masculine. At this moment, he sighed and bowed slightly,""The military governor went to the division Secretary yesterday. After the Secretary went in, he never appeared again. Today, the Deputy secretaries all looked terrified. Director Zhou Chuan entered the division Secretary and even started to look up some information that only the internal department could look up ... Qi gang understood that the division Secretary has changed hands!"
 "Good observation," Li Hao smiled.
 "Governor, you're too kind. It's just that ... You're not very good at hiding things from your own people."
 Qi gang stopped talking after he finished speaking.
 He had mixed feelings about the change in the Division of Administration, so he didn't say anything when Li Hao summoned them. As for being buried with the Zhao family ... He didn't think about it.
 These days, there weren't many loyal supers. Supers improved too quickly, and some were even God tier Masters who became powerful. However, they were tempted by the benefits of the divisions and didn't have much loyalty.
 In the crowd, someone was on the verge of collapse. It was mu Xiaorong.
 At first, she was a little happy that she had been released, thinking that she had seen the light of hope and that Li Hao had released her under the pressure of the Department of Internal Affairs and the ninth Bureau. But now, she knew that the Department of Internal Affairs ... Was finished!
 The nine divisions and the royal family were finished!
 Looking around, mu Xiaorong's face was filled with sorrow. In that case, why did they gather so many geniuses from all divisions?
  Kill everyone?
 While he was thinking, Li Hao added,"I didn't ask you to come here to deal with you. There's no need for that. If I really want to kill you, it'll be easy."
 "Everyone here is a genius from their respective divisions. I have some understanding of the martial arts, but I don't know much about superpowers."
 Li Hao continued,"most of you are divine Masters blessed by the heavens. I've seen even fewer divine Masters blessed by the heavens. Be it the nine divisions or the three major organizations, almost all of them are martial masters who have surpassed their levels and become divine powers. However, there are very few true super divine powers."
 Today's powerhouses, such as Qi Pingjiang and the others, were all martial masters who had reached the full stage of Super Lock and broken through to divine power. In the true sense, they had gone from Starlight to divine power ... Li Hao had almost never killed any powerhouses.
 "Now, I have some things that I need your cooperation on ... Of course, before that, I need you to do something with me. Sky Star City is already in my possession, but all the Silver Moon martial masters have important matters to attend to. They can't leave Sky Star."
 "In the central region, there's another important place that we must take down. It's the superpower City!"
 Li Hao smiled."According to the schedule, the meeting of the cabinet elders will be over in two days. To solve this problem, I'm going to lead you to conquer SuperPower City ..."
 Everyone was shocked when they heard this.
 With a big smile on his face, Hu Qingfeng said,""Congratulations on conquering the world, but ... If I may ask, the city of supers that you mentioned, is it ... Us?"
 "Yes,"
 Li Hao smiled.
 Hu Qingfeng's heart skipped a beat!
 Holy shit!
 You must be crazy.
 Li Hao had defeated the nine divisions and the royal family. Everyone found it unbelievable.
  However, Li Hao said that he was going to take this group of people to SuperPower City ... Was he crazy?  Hu Qingfeng swallowed his saliva and said carefully,""Governor, there are almost 100 superpowers in the superpower City. I heard that Lin Hongyu is at the peak of six or even seven elements ..."
 Don't mess around!
 Even if he wanted to fight, he should have brought those Silver Moon martial masters.
 Also, there are millions of supers in the city of supers.
 If they really fought, they could kill you with their spit.
 Li Hao laughed."This is also a test for you. If you don't die this time, you'll naturally be put in an important position in the future!" Of course, if you die, everything will be for naught!"
 Everyone was as still as a mountain, and no one spoke again.
 However, they were all in despair and helplessness.
 This is sending us to our deaths!
 There were only a few dozen of them, and not many of them had divine powers. Even if Li Hao really reached the seven elements ... Even if he could fight a hundred divine powers alone, the other Sunglow and supers could kill them all.
 You must be joking!
 Li Hao continued,"of course, it's not that I don't give you a chance. There's still a way out. If you don't want to go to SuperPower City, you can volunteer to serve for three years. After three years, you will be free."
 "Military service for three years ..." Someone said in a low voice."Is it ... Going to jail?"
 "That's not the case. "
 Li Hao explained,"military service is to help all parties do things that others can't do. For example, you can do things that others can 't. For example, you can do things like building houses, roads, and so on. You can do all kinds of construction work." You won't be imprisoned, but you can't leave as you please. Of course, if you have the chance to leave later, just treat it as work. "
  As soon as these words came out, some people were somewhat moved.
 Three years of military service ... Was not too long.
 Moreover, it was just some hard labor, not going to jail and doing it like work ...
 This was also good.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com They would really die if they fought against the city of superpower.
 "Governor, then ... Everyone should go and serve. This SuperPower City ..." Hu Qingfeng could not help but ask.
 ,m Li Hao laughed,"it's fine, I'll bring those who are willing to fight!" No matter how strong Lin Hongyu is, she won't be able to stop me. "  Yes, it's hard to make you stay.
 However, he was able to make everyone stay.
 At this moment, some people were worried about Li Hao's revenge if they chose to serve. Li Hao said,""Like I said, it's your choice. It's easy to kill you. There's no need to trick you into accepting your military service before killing you. It's better to just kill you directly!"

 As soon as he said that, everyone thought the same.
 Everyone knew that if they were willing to go to the superpower City, they would have a great opportunity but ... Their lives were their only choice.
 At this moment, someone gritted his teeth and took the lead to stand out. He said in a low voice,""Governor, I choose to serve for three years!"
 Li Hao nodded."Yes, yang Shan. You'll take those who have chosen to serve with you. There's only one mission left, and that is to quickly complete the construction of the sky Star Martial Arts Academy. These people are not weak. It'll be very fast to build an Academy."
 "Yes!"
 Yang Shan quickly responded.
 After the first person, the second person quickly followed. Not long after, seven or eight people stood up.
 The rest of the people did not move.
 Including Hu Qingfeng!
 Li Hao was a little surprised. He looked at Hu Qingfeng, who was a little embarrassed and hurriedly said,""I'll go wherever the governor goes. Even if I die in battle, it'll be a worthy death if I work for the governor!"
  “…………”
 Everyone looked at him. This shameless man.
 Who didn't know that Hu Qingfeng, the night watchman, was a coward who was extremely shameless and afraid of death? how could he say that his death was worth it?
 Forget about Hao lianchuan and the others. After all, they were Li Hao's direct descendants.
 Hu Qingfeng was only a Night Watcher.
 This guy was actually not going to serve?
 It was ... Unbelievable.
 Li Hao glanced at Hu Qingfeng again and smiled.""It's up to you. If you're really killed, the governor's office will take care of your family. "
 After that, he didn't say anything more and looked at the others. "You're not serving, does that mean you're willing to go to the city of superpower? As for military service ... You don't have to think that I'm targeting you. I'll have some requirements for the supers in the star dynasty. They can either serve in the military or in the military. As transcendents, it's not a good thing for you to blindly absorb the energy of the world without giving anything back. The heavenly Dao has reincarnation, and since it has given you strength, it's only good for you to give something back to society. "
 Li Hao laughed."I have some requests for some Silver Moon martial masters as well. Therefore, military service is not the same as imprisonment. You don't have to worry too much."
 With that said, some of the uneasy and indignant superpowers heaved a sigh of relief.
 This was good!
 Otherwise ... We'd be unwilling to go when others don't have to serve.
 If he didn't go to die, he had to serve in the Army. Why?
 Hearing Li Hao's words, he felt a little better. Since everyone was going ... It didn't matter if they went earlier or later. It might be better if they went earlier.
 At the very least, he was a supporter of Li Hao's new policy.
 "Is there anyone else who wants to go?"
 Li Hao looked at the crowd, especially at mu Xiaorong. Mu Xiaorong gritted her teeth and looked at Li Hao. When Li Hao looked at her, she instantly lowered her head and said calmly,""There's no need to look at anything. Your father and the others are not dead. Only your family and the Chen family from the nine divisions did not suffer any losses. They were lucky. Someone suggested that I should not kill the MU family and stay behind to be a benchmark. This will attract more innocent superhumans to surrender."
 As soon as these words came out, everyone's hearts trembled.
 There were two meanings to his words. Only the Chen family and the MU family were not dead. Then ... The other families were all gone?
 No one dared to think too much.
 Afraid that Li Hao would notice something wrong, they all lowered their heads.  Mu Xiaorong was a little surprised and surprised. She hurriedly said,""Really?"
 Li Hao ignored her and looked at the time.""I'll say this for the last time. Those who are willing to serve, step forward now. I'll be leaving for the city of superpower later. Time is tight. If I die in battle, there's no turning back!"
 At this moment, the remaining people didn't move, including mu Xiaorong.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows slightly, but didn't say anything.
 "Alright, yang Shan, take these people out and hand them over to director Hong. The rest, follow me!"
 The group of people didn't dare to say anything and followed Li Hao.
 Yang Shan brought the few people who had chosen to serve and left quickly.
 At this moment, Hu Qingfeng quickly approached with a smile on his face. Even Hao lianchuan couldn't squeeze past him. Hu Qingfeng's face was bright."Governor, are we going to gather the seniors?"
 “……”
 Li Hao turned around and looked at him.
 "I'm not going!"He laughed after a long while.
 So that's what you think?
 Do you think I'm testing you?
 Hu Qingfeng was stunned. Not going?
 Is this a joke?
 If we don't go, why are we fighting the city of supers? he thought that Li Hao was just scaring them and would still gather the powerhouses.
 There was no need to lead everyone to their deaths, right?
 Furthermore, Hao lianchuan and the others from Silver Moon were also there.
 He didn't think that Li Hao would intentionally send them to their deaths, so he firmly chose to stay. This must be Li Hao's test.
 In the end ... It wasn 't.
 Li Hao didn't care about them anymore.
  "Let's go!" A divine weapon spaceship appeared."Board!"
 The group of people quickly boarded the ship.
 When they got on the ship, the ship took off and headed straight for SuperPower City.
 In the cabin, Hu Qingfeng gulped nervously. He thought that Li Hao was joking. Even if he didn't gather all the Masters, he probably ... Wouldn't really attack the city of superpowers!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It must be like this!
 He was just scaring everyone.
 He went to Hao lianchuan's side and said warmly,""Hao bu, you're the governor's close man. Are we ... Really going to the city of supers?"
 "Probably."
 "Hao bu...This ..."
 He wanted to say more, but Dao Jian, who had been silent all this time, suddenly said,""Cut it out. It's in the direction of the superpower City. At this speed, we will reach the superpower City soon."

 Hu Qingfeng was stunned for a moment.
 F * ck!
 Are you really going to die?
 Don't mess around!
 …………
 Time slowly passed.
 Soon, Li Hao's voice came from outside.""We are reaching SuperPower City. Come out and take a look."
 Everyone walked out of the cabin and arrived on the deck.
 The Flying Ship soared through the air, and in an instant, a large city appeared.
 Li Hao didn't stop at all. He directly flew over the city gate and headed toward the center of the city."The spaceship will land near the city Lord's mansion later. There's still a meeting between the cabinet elders there. We'll start the battle once we enter!"
  “……”
 At this moment, everyone was stunned.
 Oh my God!
 Some of them had the same thoughts as Hu Qingfeng. They thought that Li Hao was just trying to scare them, or that he was trying to intimidate the city of superpowers from a distance.
 But ... He was heading straight for the city Lord's mansion, where the meeting of the cabinet elders was held.
 This ... Was he really courting death?
 Even if they didn't want to make a move, they couldn't help it now.
 In the blink of an eye, a few people were trembling with fear. Hu Qingfeng's lips turned pale. It was over!
 This time, he was really finished!
 Even Hao lianchuan did not know that the city of superpower had been taken down. At this moment, he could not hold it in any longer. He swallowed his saliva and said,""That ... Do you have a lot of magical powers?"
 "Nearly a hundred."
 Hao lianchuan shuddered and felt like crying. That much?
 Or did Li Hao bring an ancient Fey plant clone?
 But ... Did he?
 Even if there were, these people might have it too.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, laughed. It was rare for him to have such a bad taste.
 Originally, he was going to make a trip to the superpower City. This was a good opportunity to scare these guys.
 Li Hao had his own goals and ideas for recruiting these people.
 As for Hao lianchuan and the others ... They were really just passing by.
 The people he had found were all divine Masters blessed by the heavens, super powerhouses who had attained the rising light magical power at a young age. Moreover, they were not converted from martial masters. Hao lianchuan and the others were just here to see if they had a chance.
 The huge flying ship directly flew over the outer city.
 Some people saw it, but when they saw the huge spaceship, they didn't dare to make a sound.
 The city guards in the inner city saw it and wanted to stop it. At this moment, a voice came from the core of the city Lord's mansion,""Let them in!"
 The city guards didn't dare to stop him, but they were curious.
 Who's here?
 The meeting of the cabinet elders was still ongoing. Who was so bold to fly here directly? could it be the leader of some major force?
 In the sky above the city Lord's mansion.
 A light curtain cracked, and Li Hao's spaceship landed.
 Everyone on the ship was extremely nervous.
  They were all thinking that a fierce battle was about to begin!  However, the next moment, a woman in red appeared. She looked at Li Hao with a smile and said,""The governor is here, I apologize for not welcoming you!"
 "There's something. "
 Li Hao nodded and turned around."Come down. This is the city Lord of SuperPower City, City Lord Lin."
 Everyone was shocked.
 What was going on?
 Not only that, wasn't the superpower City holding a meeting with the elders?
 It was said that a large number of experts had gathered.
 Where are the strong ones?
 He didn't even see a ghost!
 Lin Hongyu seemed to be the only one here. Where were the others?
 "Governor, this is ..." Lin Hongyu was also curious.
 "I've brought him here to see the world. I have something to do later. "
 "Yes."
 Lin Hongyu didn't say much. She greeted,""Governor, please go in and have a seat. Should we inform commander Yu to come over?"
 "Inform them."
 "Alright," he said.
 Lin Hongyu sent a message to the Lin family. Huang Yu was still in the ruins. Although the Redwood had not returned, he could only receive the news through the Lin family.
 At this moment, the others were all at a loss.
 Some people seemed to have realized something and their expressions changed slightly. Dao Jian and the others also quickly transmitted their voices, their eyes wide with disbelief,""This ... Has SuperPower City been taken down? The so-called meeting of the cabinet elders ... Was it just a trap? The Dao sword, those divine abilities ... Where did they go?"
 "He's dead,"
 Dao Jian was calm as he transmitted his voice,"looking at city Lord Lin's attitude, it's not the first time the two sides have come into contact. They have already reached an agreement. Those experts who are still in the meeting in the eyes of the outside world are probably ... Dead!" Perhaps they would all be dead on the first day. "
 The few of them found it unbelievable!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com With millions of superpowers, the city of superpowers, which was perhaps Li Hao's only obstacle in his conquest of the central continent, had surrendered long ago?
 This ... Was too unbelievable!
 As they were talking, Li Hao turned around and said,""You guys wait here, don't run around!"
 After saying that, he stepped forward.
 As soon as he left, Hu Qingfeng grimaced in pain."The governor is so brave. The city of supers has surrendered. Doesn't this mean that the governor has already conquered the world?"
 No one paid any attention to him. Everyone was still in disbelief.
  ……
 In front.
 Lin Hongyu did not ask earlier, but now she was a little confused.""Governor, you brought these people ..."
 Li Hao explained as he walked."It's for the city of superpowers. There are many superpowers in the city. I can also do some experiments."
 "Experiment?"
 "Yes."
 Li Hao didn't hide anything."I'm doing some experiments on those who are disobedient and evil. I'll see if some of the Super locks in their bodies can be strengthened after killing them."
 "Governor ... This ... This can't be, right?" Lin Hongyu shuddered.
 If it was possible, this was actually a very terrifying thing.
 This was because there was actually one benefit to killing supers, which was mysterious abilities. However, mysterious abilities were useless to the strong, and no one lacked them.

 However, once he killed someone, he could use the other party's superpower lock to strengthen himself. This was a terrifying thing.
 Even if it was possible, she felt that Li Hao shouldn't have tried it.
 Li Hao laughed,"it's not that complicated, and it's not that scary!" At the same time, I'll try to pry into the path of superpowers. Superpowers are born from the recovery of energy and are closely related to the superpower lock. Superpowers are also related to the power of heaven and earth, so it feels like natural power ..."
 Lin Hongyu did not fully understand what he said.
 What Li Hao wanted to say was that the supernatural power of superpowers ... Was perhaps a natural power.
 For example, there were all sorts of escape techniques. This was actually a kind of power that merged with the world. It could only be obtained after comprehending the power of the world. However, superpowers were born with it. After becoming powerful, their self-awareness became strong, and their control of energy became proficient, they didn't know it anymore.
 Therefore, these superpowers might be a natural force that was given by the world.
 If that was the case ... It would be very interesting.
 This also meant that Li Hao's new system would be somewhat different.
 He knew that martial masters could comprehend force.
  And it was very difficult.
 However, if a superpower was born with Shi, it was a completely different story.
 It had been 20 years since the awakening of superpowers, and countless superpowers had been born with different abilities. Comprehending force was a huge problem now. Li Hao hoped to find some connections through these blessed priests.
 Lin Hongyu, on the other hand, was a little afraid.
 This ... Li Hao's usual words made her extremely nervous.
 The superpower City might have a terrible ending.
 Li Hao had already arrived at the city Lord's mansion. He found a random place to sit down. There were no servants. He poured himself a cup of tea and motioned for Lin Hongyu to sit.
 "I've destroyed the nine divisions and the royal family. "
 Lin Hongyu was shocked. Although she knew that Li Hao had sealed off the nine divisions and the imperial family, it had only been for a short period of time. The seal had been lifted today.
 No more?
 Although she had guessed that Li Hao was about to do something big when he transported the Redwood, she was still very surprised that he had defeated the other party so quickly.
 "Congratulations, Governor!"
 "There's nothing to congratulate me for. "
 Li Hao laughed,"I'm here to solve the problem in SuperPower City as soon as possible. I also want to remove the restrictions on commander Yu and city Lord Lin. We can't keep hiding. Tomorrow is the end of the meeting ... We can't continue the meeting, can we?"  "Let's talk when commander Yu is here. "
 Lin Hongyu nodded and did not dare to say more.
 At this moment, he sighed in his heart.
 That was fast!
 He couldn't believe it!
 ……
 Ten minutes later, Huang Yu arrived without a sound.
 When he heard Li Hao say that Jiusi was gone, he was in a daze and didn't speak. He was digesting the information.
 Stellarsky city and SuperPower City had been taken down ... Now, there were only three major organizations that were worth fearing.
 "Governor, you mean ... We should take down the city of supers now?"
 Li Hao nodded."There are too many superpowers here. The secret of stellarsky city can't be kept for long. It's even more so for this place. Those families whose experts are all dead will soon realize that something is wrong. It's impossible to keep those people from appearing."
 Huang Yu frowned."But ... There are too many superpowers in the city. I brought 10000 soldiers with me. Because senior Hong Mu left, although they are equipped with the war puppets, their combat power is limited. Once they are scattered, it will be difficult to suppress them quickly."
 "All the supers in the city dare to rebel?" Li Hao laughed.
  "That's true, but once someone revolts and escapes, it will soon cause a chain reaction."
 Huang Yu said solemnly,"some superpowers are not afraid of anything. They know that once they are captured, they will definitely die. They will definitely resist!" Even if there's only one percent of them, there are at least ten thousand of them!"
 Although there might only be ten thousand people, once it exploded, it could affect the entire city.
 Li Hao looked at Lin Hongyu. Lin Hongyu saw Li Hao looking at her and said softly,""Since ancient times, the rebels have always been brought up by some troublemakers. As long as we get rid of these people, it won't cause too much of a stir even if the master changes. "They're just a bunch of weaklings, and they're not here to fight for power. In truth, they won't care too much about who's in charge of them. Once we get rid of these people, once chaos appears, we'll quickly put an end to it. It won't cause too much of a stir. "
 "But it's impossible for these people to be gathered together ..." Huang Yu nodded.
 "Then let's just let them gather together," Lin Hongyu said with a smile.
 Huang Yu's heart skipped a beat as he looked at her.
 Lin Hongyu smiled."The Council meeting will officially end tomorrow. So, I would like to select a hundred generals from the city within three hours. If you can gather a hundred supers within three hours, you will be appointed as the new Centurion of the city of supers. If you can gather a thousand, you will be a chiliarch ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "To be able to do this in such a short period of time, and to be so ambitious, they are all the best candidates for rebellion."
 Lin Hongyu laughed."When they have gathered all the people, whoever can complete this task in a short time will be qualified to be the leader of the rebellion. Summon them to the city Lord's mansion and reward them with military positions and money. We will capture them all in one fell swoop! Those who were conned and gathered here were a bunch of people who did not want to be left out ... If they were to take down these people, the entire SuperPower City would be wiped out, but at least 90% of the troublemakers would be gone. The remaining 10%... Are just lone travelers. Such people are nothing to be afraid of!"

