fileno%d
truly a good thing!
 "I can't fight against two saints working together. Teacher, the king of Dali, Empress Dowager shuiyun, director Zhao, the four of you work together to hold off one of them ... Hold off Zheng Gong, I'll deal with Hanjiang!"
 The Dali King's face was green.
 We've agreed that we'll deal with those below the Saint level.
 How did he become a saint?
 You must be joking!
 However, Li Hao had even arranged for his teacher to join him. That was only at the third level of the sun Moon tier, which was only at the peak of battle prowess. There was a huge gap between him and a Saint. Wasn't he ... Really afraid that his teacher would be killed in an instant?
 "The rest of you, quickly lock onto your opponents. As for the Army of tens of thousands ... As long as they are entangled, the Army will be useless! But be careful, be careful of their formation. They'll let those silver armored captains instantly have undying battle power, we have to be careful!"
 At this moment, the other party had given Li Hao time. Li Hao naturally tried his best to buy as much time as possible and make the best arrangements.
 Originally, the other party's situation was unclear, but now it was clear.
  The real threat came from the two saints.
 It was fortunate that he had managed to kill one of them in advance. Otherwise ... If there were three of them, he would be in deep trouble.
 ……
 Within the city.
 Zheng Gong's expression changed, and he looked at Han Jiang.""Marshal han, do you think ... Zhang an is not here?"
 Han Jiang couldn't be sure.
 In the next moment, he had an idea and transmitted his voice,""Young city Lord ... Why don't you ... Try, Supreme martial artist ..."
 Zheng Gong's expression changed slightly.
 Even now, he was still afraid of those people.
 But at this time, he couldn't just stand by and watch, right?
 They watched as Li Hao's group killed The Guardian monster plant and devoured the countless springs of life it had left behind.
 He quickly suppressed his fear and said in a cold voice,""Zhang an, you piece of trash, you don't dare to show yourself, is it because you feel that you're embarrassing the Zhang family? It's okay, Supreme martial artist Zhang is also a good-for-nothing. He could've seized the position of the human Emperor, but he pretended to be generous and gave the position of the master of the world to the human Emperor. Otherwise, the Zhang family would be the master of the world. Zhang an, your grandfather is just like you, a hypocrite ..."
 As soon as he said this, although Zhang an was not there, Wang Ye and the others were furious!
 Within Lian city, the silver and gold armors were slightly restless.
 "Bastard! You traitor! How dare you insult the human King and the Supreme martial artist!" Wang Ye was extremely furious.
 Jiang Yingli's face was also livid."Zheng Gong, you B * stard! You're just a branch of the Zheng family. How dare you insult the Supreme king of men!"
 Zheng Gong was a little afraid as well, but he did not receive any response when he said this.
 The fear on his face gradually disappeared.
 At this moment, with disbelief and surprise, he looked at Li Hao and mumbled,""You ... You're crazy!"
  He was sure that Zhang an was not there.  Otherwise, Zhang an would definitely show up after insulting a Supreme-being and causing an outsider to go crazy. This had nothing to do with whether he was trying to goad them into action or not. This was a humiliation that the Zhang family had to wash away!
 For the glory of the Zhang family, Zhang an would not hide.
 This could only mean one thing. Li Hao ... Really didn't bring Zhang an!
 He suddenly laughed."Li Hao, you don't think that ... Boundless city, like the other main cities, has only just been restored, so the combat power in the city is limited. You have the power to kill Saints, so ... You're not afraid of anything, do you?"
 At this moment, he suspected that Li Hao might have thought that boundless city was the same as the other ancient cities.
 Otherwise ... How could they have the guts to attack boundless city?
 After determining that Zhang an was not there, he was angry and annoyed.
 If he had known that Zhang an wasn't here, he might have had a chance to stop Li Hao when he made his second attack. However, he was suddenly afraid of Zhang an and didn't dare to rush out.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com His eyes turned cold.
 "Get out of the city and kill the enemy!" Zheng Gong shouted. Exterminate them!"
 In an instant, the light shield disappeared.
 Zheng Gong disappeared instantly, and Han Jiang disappeared as well.
 What could Li Hao Do without Zhang an?
 Behind him, a large number of golden-armored experts also flew out, causing the air to tremble. An extremely powerful aura instantly enveloped the world.
 In all directions, demonic plants appeared as if they were setting up a formation. Those demonic plants were extremely furious and only dared to appear now. The void began to stabilize as if they were trying to lock Li Hao and the others in this area.
 Li Hao rose into the air and headed straight for Hanjiang.
 The commanding general of the Army had strong combat strength.
 He didn't know if he could fight to the end and seize the opportunity like he did with the glory of earth, but ... He would try.
  As for the Dali King and the others, they looked like they were struggling.
 "Die!" In the next moment, the few of them rose into the air and charged toward Zheng Gong as soon as Yuan Shuo roared.
 ……
 BOOM!
 As soon as the two sides collided, Li Hao intercepted his opponent, and Han Jiang slashed out. It was as if the world had been destroyed. Li Hao had just stabilized his body when the starry sky sword trembled violently with a loud bang!
 Li Hao's body was instantly shattered. The powerful killing intent made him tremble.
 Not far away, the Dali King threw a punch, and a chain appeared in the void. With a crack, it locked the Dali King's fist. With a pull, flesh and blood splattered, and even the boxing glove was about to be pulled away.
 The powerful king of Dali was like a child in front of him.
 Zheng Gong's face was cold."The boxing gloves of celestial ruler BA. Unbelievable. Do you think you're worthy of it?"
 At this moment, a huge seal smashed down, causing his bloodline to tremble slightly. He sneered,""The eight-direction seal? This was used to deal with the descendants of the major families, and you're using it against me? What a joke!"

 He wasn't considered a junior. Back then, he was already at the peak of the undying realm. Now, he had even stepped into the Saint realm and was already a peak existence in Silver Moon.
 Could the eight direction seal that was used to suppress students suppress him?
 With a punch, the eight direction seal trembled violently and was even sent flying. Director Zhao, who had just stepped into the fifth stage of the sun Moon tier, received a powerful backlash and his body was instantly shattered!
 Director Zhao was shocked!
 This was ... A Saint?
 With just a casual punch, he had sent the eight-direction seal flying and shattered his own body. The combat strength that he had thought was invincible in the world suddenly wasn't worth mentioning.
 Li Hao was also at the fifth level of Sun Moon tier, but he had killed a Saint.
 They even felt that ... If they worked together, they had a chance of killing a Saint!
 However, at this moment, they all woke up.
 The Dali King's body was a mess of flesh and blood. His other hand clutched his glove tightly, and his eyes revealed despair and panic. Was this ... A Saint?
  His powerful combat strength was not worth mentioning here. His gloves seemed to have been taken away by the other party.
 At this moment, a sword came like a stream.
 A thin sword pierced through heaven and earth.
 When Zheng Gong saw this, he suddenly took a step back with a look of horror on his face. He took a few steps back until the other party sent the chains locking the king of Dali flying. He was slightly stunned and suddenly became angry from embarrassment."Who ... Are you?"
 This person actually knew the stream swordsmanship. Not only that, but he also had some extremely terrifying power. Battle strength wasn't the key, but the special pressure fluctuations made him a little scared.
 The Zheng family had seen many things, and he recognized what sword technique it was.
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun's face was also extremely heavy. He was too strong.
 She had used all her strength in her attack. If it were not for her unique swordsmanship, which made her opponent afraid and retreat a few steps, she suspected that she would not have been able to cut off the chains that were locking King Dali.
 How could one deal with a Sage?
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun was also on the verge of tears!
 How could he deal with this?
 All three of us had the strength of a mid-stage Sun Moon tier cultivator, but in the end, we weren't even able to touch the corner of the other party's clothes. On the contrary, two of us were even injured. That Yuan Shuo is only at the third level of Sun Moon tier, and he's even weaker ... How can we possibly stand against a Saint with just this group of people?
 What a joke!
 In the next moment, Zheng Gong came back to his senses."It's not her ... You've obtained her inheritance ... The sword in your hand ... Is extraordinary. I didn't expect Silver Moon to have that person's inheritance. How is that possible?"
 He was a little surprised!
 He was also a little angry. Today, he was first scared by Zhang an, and then he was scared by this human Queen's swordsmanship. Damn it!
 In the next moment, in his anger, a chain that looked like a whip appeared in his hand.
 A whip lashed out!
 The void was shattered and swept across the world. The three of them gathered together in an instant and roared with all their might. The boxing gloves of Batian Emperor, the eight-direction seal of Silver City martial science University, and the sword of renhuang King ... They were all extremely powerful weapons.
 At the same time, he struck at the other party's whip!
 At this moment, they had even forgotten about Yuan Shuo's existence. Even if he was around, he wouldn't be of much use.
 However, the three of them had looks of despair and helplessness.  The difference was too great. Li Hao asked them to stop him ... But could they stop him for 30 seconds?
 It was all luck that he could stop it!
 He's dead!
 At that moment, five divine runes appeared on Yuan Shuo's body. Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. A world seemed to be floating above his head.
 The universe in the bright star sector was somewhat turbulent.
 The five divine runes swept through the countless Dao meridians in the surroundings. An extremely powerful five elements force burst out from Yuan Shuo's body. Yuan Shuo's body was not strong enough, so it was shattered in the blink of an eye.
 Countless springs of life surrounded him and were being consumed at a crazy rate, unable to be replenished.
 The bone armor was breaking on its own.
 Yuan Shuo didn't say anything. He only glanced at Li Hao, who was not far away. Li Hao had just started fighting with his opponent, but he was instantly suppressed!
 It was unrealistic to expect Li Hao to come to his rescue at this moment.
 He revealed a somewhat sinister smile.
 A Saint?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com How powerful!
 I, Yuan Shuo, can actually fight with a Saint!
 Once upon a time, I could have imagined that one day, I would fight with the legendary Saint.
 Five extremely thick Dao meridians instantly enveloped his body.
 A ferocious Tiger, a giant bear, a Golden Eagle ... The five animals gathered together and formed a strange monster.
 Each of the five animals carried a Dao Meridian and a divine text.
 Yuan Shuo revealed a smile. The flesh on his body disappeared instantly, and his bones were also shattering. However, he was still laughing heartily. Even though his flesh and blood were no longer visible, he was still laughing heartily.
 My stupid disciple ... A Sage is not easy to deal with.
 I don't know if I can stop him, let alone kill him ...
  However, I will do my best to stop him.
 Even if ... You can only rely on yourself in the future.
 "Die!" Yuan Shuo shouted, and an incomparably loud roar came from the bones. In an instant, he punched out, and the sky and earth shattered. Of the four weapons that had collided, three were sent flying. The three of them couldn't even withstand a single move.
 At this moment, the power of the five elements enveloped heaven and earth with Yuan Shuo's punch. Yuan Shuo's punch shattered the whip, which was actually a whip made of energy.
 "You guys go kill the others!" He bellowed.
 The three of them were shocked. Yuan Shuo shouted again,""Get lost!"
 Zheng Gong was slightly surprised and confused. What ... Path was this?
 In the next moment, a pair of white bone divine fists pounced at his face!
 Mad demon!
 That's right, at this moment, when the three of them disappeared, Yuan Shuo was left in a state of madness. He threw one punch after another, not defending, not waiting ... He didn't have the time to wait. He couldn't hold on any longer. He could only hold on for a while.

 If Li Hao couldn't kill that Saint, he would be defeated in advance ... And he would be finished!
 "Tiger roar!"
 Yuan Shuo's voice resounded through the heavens and earth. At this moment, he was like an Emperor of bones. As he punched out, a tiger's roar resounded through the forest. Hong long long, the heavens and earth were enveloped. The power of the five elements formed a huge domain that enveloped him and Zheng Gong within!
 At that moment, Yuan Shuo only had one thought in his mind. 'I can't die if Hanjiang doesn't die.'
 I can only die when Hanjiang dies ...
 He punched!
 Tiger fist, Monkey Fist, bear fist ...
 One punch after another. At this moment, even Zheng Gong, who was at the level of a Saint, was a little solemn due to the powerful power of the five elements. He growled and lashed out with his whip again and again!
 Bang Bang Bang!
 The deafening sound shattered the heavens and earth. Even Yuan Shuo's bones were shattering. However, he did not care about this and could only punch out!
  A Martial Master was fearless!
 ……
 At the same time.
 Li Hao was also striking with his sword, one strike after another. Han Jiang was too fast. He wasn't as polite as Earthshine, and he struck again and again. Li Hao's first strike meant that Han Jiang had already struck three times!
 With a crack, Li Hao's starry sky sword deviated, and his opponent's saber slashed down. A lacerating wound appeared on Li Hao's body, as if he had been cut in half.
 Han Jiang's face was cold.
 Li Hao's defense was not weak, nor was his attack. It was just that he was too slow and his reaction was too slow. If such an existence fought with a Saint, he wouldn't be able to kill any Saint unless he caught them off guard!
 The peach tree had died in his hands ... He could only say that it was too regretful and too aggrieved.
 If it weren't for the fact that his body was too large and he didn't have time to react, how could Li Hao have killed the peach tree?
 "You've killed a Guardian monster plant, a Saint. Your death ... Is worth it!"
 Han Jiang's tone was calm."It's just beyond my expectations. You actually dared to come alone instead of bringing Zhang an with you ... What a crazy little guy!" Are the Li family's genes destined to drive you crazy?"
 As for Zheng Gong, he wasn't worried at all. Even though Zheng Gong had only recently become a saint, he wasn't someone Yuan Shuo and the others could deal with.
 As for Li Hao, he could forget about dealing with him.
 Li Hao didn't say anything. Countless springs of life surrounded his body, and he instantly attacked. One attack, two attacks ...
 As usual, he was not in a hurry. He did not even look at the other battlefields, nor did he have the heart to.
 He believed that everyone would be able to wait until he killed his opponent.
 He definitely could!
 In the surroundings, the rumbling sounds continued.
 ……
 Li Hao didn't have the time or energy to look at it.
 The surroundings were divided into dozens of battlefields, and great battles broke out instantly. There were too many undying fighters, all of whom were at the fourth level of the sun Moon realm, or even stronger. Li Hao's side didn't have so many mid-stage Sun Moon fighters.
 It was only when the king of Dali and a few others joined in that the balance was barely balanced.  In the distance, Nanquan roared again and again, punching out one after another in a frenzy. His fist shadows broke through the void. His opponent was a golden-armored man, while he only had the battle strength of the first level of the sun Moon tier. He was barely touching the second level, so he was still a bit off.
 There was only a bloody Qi!
 "F * ck your ancestors!"
 Nanquan roared and cursed. He punched again and again, shattering the void. He allowed the other party's sword to pierce through him, but his courage was unparalleled!
 However, the difference in combat power was not something that could be balanced by blood and courage.
 He was injured, and he was severely injured.
 In the blink of an eye, he was severely injured and his aura began to decline. He forcefully broke a few Dao meridians and forced himself to punch again. On the other side, the Golden-armored man's eyes were cold and mocking.
 This person's punch was courageous, but ... It was difficult to even injure him, let alone kill him. The powerful golden armor had not been able to display its full power in Li Hao's case, but on him, it was incomparably powerful. The southern Fist only left a small dent on the Golden armor, not even breaking it.
 On the entire battlefield, even King Dali and the others could not gain the upper hand when faced with some of the powerful golden armors.
 Nan Quan took some time to look around ... No one came to help.
 Some people could barely deal with one golden-armored warrior with three to five people. They simply didn't have time to help him.
 In the sky, Li Hao and his disciple were crazily attacking with their swords and fists, but they were on the verge of collapsing!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This battle ... Was just as he had guessed. He would most likely die.
 Nan Quan grinned and punched again. He mumbled in a low voice.
 In war, people were bound to die.
 "I never thought that I would be the first to die in battle. I always felt that there was someone weaker than me. I always thought that I even survived the dark period of Silver Moon martial arts world ...
 And here I was thinking ... Silver Moon Martial Master, everyone's calling me shameless ... It's just that I didn't pay for my meal, right?
 After that, I gave it to him when I had the money.
 You ... You bastards!
 Why are you always bullying me?
 Your father's character has been completely ruined by you!
  'I'm not as lecherous as Thunderbolt kick, I'm not as timid as overpowered sword, I'm not as overbearing as BA Dao, I'm not as cold as sky sword, I should be loved by everyone ...'
 Northern fist, you've been bullying me for so many years. Your whole family is little he. Who are you? you're not my father, yet you're bullying me every day!
 The new martial artist in front of him was too strong.
 And there were many of them!
 The Army had not come out yet, but they would be out soon.
 A Saint ... That's an unattainable level, but an undying ... I, He Yong of the southern Fist, can't even kill one?
 It wasn't that hard to kill Li Hao!
 "Silver Moon, Southern Fist, He Yong!"
 At this moment, Nan Quan had already made his decision. He suddenly laughed wildly!
 "The world's martial arts world produces Silver Moon. Silver Moon boxer, only my Southern Fist!"

 "Han Tian!"
 With a roar that resounded through the world, his Dao meridians shattered and a powerful force exploded. At the same time, dozens of city destroying bombs appeared in front of him. He punched the Golden armor and sent it flying. He rushed forward and hugged his opponent tightly. He laughed,""Who said that neo martial is invincible? Silver Moon ... Is invincible!"
 BOOM!
 A deafening sound reverberated in all directions. The powerful explosive force instantly tore the Golden armor apart, revealing a golden body under the Golden armor. In an instant, it was also torn apart!
 "Get lost!"
 The undying realm expert was shocked. He roared and punched out, but his fist was instantly shattered!
 At the last moment, the southern Fist forcefully broke through a large number of Dao meridians. No matter what, it was only that fist that shook the heavens!
 BOOM!
 Loud sounds continued to erupt. The Golden body was instantly torn apart, shattered, and turned into dust. A wave of spiritual energy overflowed, and a figure slowly took shape with some disbelief ...
 Self-destruct!
  Only neo martial artists had such a use. When would neo martial artists be pulled by others to self-destruct ...
 As soon as this thought emerged, a divine rune emerged from the broken pieces and suddenly exploded!
 Nan Quan's voice came with a hint of coldness,""You want to live after I die? In this battle ... He Yong will be one step ahead!"
 Bang! Bang!
 A loud noise quaked everything. A golden armor disappeared from the world along with the southern Fist.
 Not far away, the eyes of the somewhat aged bei Quan were a little empty.
 He looked over and laughed at himself. He was being beaten up by a golden-armored man.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Little he ... Had left.
 In fact, she already knew, didn't she?
 Everyone knew that!
 That guy said he was going to bring a city-destroying bomb and blow them up. In fact, he already knew it. Everyone knew it ...
 The Silver Moon Martial Master always kept his word.
 "No one is scolding you ... Everyone just ... Knows that you don't care about these things ... You have a good temper and a good personality, so they are bullying you ..."
 He muttered in his heart, little he, actually, everyone likes you a lot.
 Do you know?
 In the past, there were 36 heroes. The southern Fist is gone. Next ... It's my turn, right?
 Just as this thought emerged in his mind ...
 In the distance, a Spear's consciousness pierced through the world!
 Jin Jin's face was calm, and he did not laugh like Nan Quan. He only looked at hou Xiaochen, who was standing not far away. "In my life, hou Xiaochen is the one who made me successful, and hou Xiaochen is the one who made me lose."
 At the end of the day, it's still my own fault.
 "Other people can break Yuan Shuo's demonic barrier, but I, the head of the three Spears, have been defeated time and time again, losing to others.
  There were too many experts in spear Dao.  Huang Yu, hou Xiaochen, they're all spear Dao experts, and they've already surpassed me by a lot ...
 Why don't I go first!
 Jin Jin laughed softly and his voice could be heard faintly,""If we win this battle, please leave behind the name of the Golden spear! Golden spear Fang Sheng, don't forget my real name ... Hou bu, thank you for taking care of me in the past!"
 Hou Xiaochen was like a mad demon as he pierced through the heavens and earth with his spear, piercing through a golden-armored man's mind. At this moment, hou Xiaochen's eyes were ice-cold.
 The fire Phoenix spear exploded with a powerful and unparalleled bloodthirsty intent.
 Long spear soul-splitting!
 He looked into the distance, and the Golden spear was also looking at him. His body was instantly reduced to dust, and a golden spear pierced through the void and nailed a golden armor in the void. The next moment, a brilliant light burst out.
 Countless city-destroying bombs instantly swept in all directions and exploded with a loud boom!
 The aftershock shook the surroundings!
 Not far away, the other powerhouses also shouted like crazy demons!
 Today, he had lost the southern Fist, the Golden spear, and the Silver Moon martial forest. Out of the 36 heroes, two of them had been eliminated!
 Just as hou Xiaochen was about to find someone to kill, the sound of something slicing through the air could be heard from behind him. A golden-armored being appeared, and like a killer, it stabbed out with its sword. Hou Xiaochen had just killed a golden-armored being. This was unbelievable ...
 Just as the Golden armor thrust out his sword, a murderous aura suddenly rose up and instantly appeared. A pair of palms wrapped around the sword, and the palms were instantly shattered.
 Yu Luosha's face was covered in blood, but she still had a smile on her face. She held onto the sword tightly. Even though her palm was broken, she allowed the sword to Pierce into her body. She used all her strength to hold the sword in place and smiled."That day ... You didn't kill me. Do you think ... I'm beautiful?" he asked.
 That day, the bedridden ghost did not kill her.
 She was a devil!
 In order to take revenge, she had killed too many people. Yu Luosha, if she didn't kill people, would she still be a Luosha?
 "That day ... You must have thought that I was beautiful ... I was really ... A lecher ..." She said with a brilliant smile.
 The fiery phoenix spear pierced through the heavens and the earth!
 Hou Xiaochen let out a beast-like roar as a Dao Meridian opened up in his head. With a single spear strike, he pierced through the Golden armor. One spear strike, two spears, three ...
  It wasn't until the Golden armor was completely shattered, and the body that appeared was instantly shattered as well. Hou Xiaochen's mind power had long since disappeared, and he staggered over with a smile on his face. He walked over to the woman with the shattered body and smiled radiantly, "You're very beautiful ... That day, I thought ... That Silver Moon martial forest shouldn't be filled with women like the radiant sword ... I'm sorry, radiant sword. If we win this battle, I'll marry you ... Okay?"
 "Yes."
 Yu Luosha shyly nodded. Her body instantly turned into dust and disappeared. Hou Xiaochen reached out to grab her, but he missed. He looked up at the sky and at Li Hao, who was retreating. Could he win?
 I can only marry her if I win!
 She's been with me for so many years, but I haven't given her a proper status.
 "Kill!"
 A fierce roar resounded through the clouds. The will of the fire Phoenix soul splitting spear was unprecedentedly powerful!
 I want to win!
 I can only marry her if I win. Li Hao ... You dare to lose?
 This is only silver moon's first battle, and you dare to lose!

 In the void.
 Li Hao's body was broken. He attacked with his sword!
 One sword after another!
 He knew!
 Even if he didn't see it, he knew that in this battle ... Someone would die. Their opponents were neo martial artists, a group of strong people who were still alive and not dead. Even if they had been silent for many years, they were still powerful existences.
 Who would die?
 He didn't know, and he didn't want to think about it.
 At this moment, he only had one thought in his mind, and that was to kill the Saint before him.
 An extremely powerful Saint!
 Earthcover sword, mainly for defense.
  It covered his entire body, and his Dao meridians were all opened.
 The force of the bed had covered his entire body, but it was only for defense. From the beginning until now, he had been at a complete disadvantage.
 A golden light flickered in his eyes.
 He captured it again and again.
 He had to capture the trajectory of his opponent's attack!
 However ... There were still no repeated trajectories. The other party had made hundreds of moves and used his saber hundreds of times, but there was still no simple cycle.
 This person's actual combat experience was too strong.
 Hanjiang, the Vice Commander-in-Chief of the military.
 In the previous round, Brilliant Earth had used more than 200 moves, and there was a repetition in his actions. When Li Hao and Brilliant Earth fought, he only managed to break his opponent's body after the third cycle.
 However, Han Jiang, who was in front of him, had attacked hundreds of times, and it was still an infinite loop.
 Did he have any logic to his moves?
 Perhaps ... Not.
 If he didn 't, he would definitely lose this battle. He would lose and die.
 Still nothing?
 Han Jiang once again forced Li Hao to retreat with a slash. He frowned slightly. Li Hao's defense was very strong. Even with his strength, he couldn't kill him in such a long time.
 There was also Zheng Gong ... He had been entangled by a few weaklings and was now trapped in the five elemental sphere.
 He had the energy to observe his surroundings.
 Therefore, he frowned.
 The losses were actually not small!
 It was unbelievable!
 It should be a crushing game.
 Against a group of weaklings of the new era, Saints, undying beings, and a large number of paragons, they actually couldn't get any advantage. Although the other side also lost a lot of people, on boundless city's side, in a short time, several directors and several teachers had died.
 What an incredible result!
 If it was in the new martial era, such losses would be enough to make the general lose his head!
  "Young city Lord!"  Han Jiang let out an angry shout.
 He had failed to take down Li Hao, and Zheng Gong had failed to take down Yuan Shuo, so now ... It was time for a change. This couldn't continue. Otherwise, it wouldn't be worth it even if he killed this group of people in the end.
 The losses were too great!
 At this moment, Li Hao's eyes suddenly glowed. His opponent ... Had repeated the trajectory of his sword.
 Was it an accident, an unintentional repetition, or ... Had a second cycle begun?
 He had been watching all this time. At this moment, he was a little excited and a little scared.
 Panic. The other party's repeated saber technique was just a simple repetition among countless non-cycles. If that was the case ... Then it would be over.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But Han Jiang didn't realize this.
 As a powerhouse, he knew that his moves couldn't be predicted by his enemy. Therefore, all powerhouses would avoid fixed moves, avoid being caught by the enemy, and predict the timing of their moves.
 Therefore, he had never deliberately used a single move since he started fighting with Li Hao. Instead, he had been constantly changing his moves, and he had never fixed his moves.
 He was fast, strong, and had quick reactions. Li Hao could only passively defend and couldn't hurt him at all.
 It was just that this person was very resilient and difficult to kill in an instant.
 ……
 In the distance.
 Zheng Gong's face was ashen as well. From the beginning until now, Yuan Shuo had been attacking relentlessly, his fists shattering the mountains and rivers without stopping. It was as if he did not know fatigue, and the bones in his body were already shattered.
 However, Yuan Shuo continued to throw punches!
 The five elemental sphere enveloped his surroundings, leaving Zheng Gong with no way out.
 Zheng Gong was different from Han Jiang. He didn't use his speed to avoid Yuan Shuo's attacks, but instead, he attacked again and again. As a Saint and the young city Lord of one of the eight major cities, his honor didn't allow him to avoid the opponent's attacks when he was fighting with a weak person.
 Yuan Shuo was not Li Hao, who had killed a Saint.
 The other party didn't have the strength to kill a Saint.
 Zheng Gong punched out once more, and with a bang, his fist met Yuan Shuo 'S. Yuan Shuo's right fist was almost completely shattered, and the fist intent at this moment was all converted from momentum.
 When their fists met, his right fist was almost completely crushed, and the cracks spread all the way to his arm, turning his white bones into ashes.
 Yuan Shuo seemed to know nothing.
  Li Hao ... Didn't win!
 Li Hao couldn't win. He couldn't retreat. He couldn't die!
 At this moment, Zheng Gong was a little angry. A huge seal appeared in his hand. It was the city Lord seal. He had also seen some people die, and at this moment, he was also extremely angry. As the highest leader of this place, his status was higher than Han Jiang.
 If the losses were too great ... It would be difficult to explain.
 A few weaklings had killed so many directors and division commanders, and even more than ten Regiment commanders. This was equivalent to destroying an entire division. How was he going to explain this?
 This Yuan Shuo was actually so difficult to kill ...
 And that Li Hao, he was able to block Han Jiang's attack.
 Zheng Gong knew that if this dragged on, Yuan Shuo would definitely die, and Li Hao wouldn't be able to hold on for long, but ... Why should he delay?
 A cold glint flashed in his eyes. Since that was the case, he would just use the city Lord seal to kill Yuan Shuo!
 When a city Lord seal was attacked by a powerful enemy, if one could obtain the authority of the city Lord seal, they would naturally be able to kill the enemy. However, every time it was used up, it would take time to recover. The city Lord seal was no longer able to contact the outside world or even Supreme martial artists.

 Now, whoever controlled the city Lord seal would be able to kill the enemy!
 To use the methods left behind by a Supreme martial artist to kill these people ... It was interesting.
 With a thought, the city Lord seal floated in the air, and below it, a line of small words appeared,"boundless","country guarding"...
 This was the city Lord seal of boundless city.
 Zheng Gong snorted coldly and spat out a mouthful of blood, staining the city Lord seal. In an instant, the small characters on the city Lord seal began to squirm as if they were about to come to life, and a faint shadow began to appear.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, Wang Ye's expression changed as he saw this. He cried out,""Supreme martial artist, this is a rebellion of neo martial, a demon-killing method. How can it be used on us?"
 At this moment, he was certain that the Zheng family was a traitor.
 Since they were rebellious, he wasn't willing to use demonic methods to deal with them!
 He also had a city Lord seal in his hand, but ever since he killed Bai Shu, it had not recovered.
 At this moment, Wang Ye let out a roar and threw out the huge seal on his body, smashing it directly towards the boundless seal. One after another, he spurted out mouthfuls of blood and fused it into the huge seal!
  Previously, they had discussed that if the city leader seal appeared, Li Hao could block it with the starry sky sword.
 But ... At this moment, there was no chance.
 The plan was not as fast as the change!
 At this moment, Li Hao still had to rely on the powerful starry sky sword to defend and kill his enemies. If he used the starry sky sword to stop them, perhaps ... That was Han Jiang's true goal!
 Once he threw away the starry sky sword and stopped the city Lord seal from killing Yuan Shuo, Li Hao ... Would probably die!
 However ... Heaven battling city's city Lord seal was clearly much weaker.
 The illusory figure was about to appear and kill Yuan Shuo.
 Not far away, Li Hao's eyes flickered with pain. At this moment, he saw it, but he had already caught Han Jiang's trajectory. At this moment, he had two choices. If he threw out the starry sky sword, he would die, and so would his teacher.
 The second option ... Ignore it and continue. Lock onto the fighter and kill Hanjiang. Teacher must die!
 How should he choose?
 Li Hao didn't have a choice. He couldn't use the starry sky sword. With a powerful enemy in front of him, if he used it ... He would be annihilated!
 If he didn't lose it, he still had a chance to kill Han Jiang.
 'Teacher ... I'm sorry!
 Li Hao roared, but he didn't throw his sword away. Instead, at this moment, the Dao meridians in his body shattered again. The more than 500 apertures in his body instantly became nearly 700, all shining.
 A sword-shaped Dao Meridian appeared!
 A cycle appeared.
 The sword Dao Divine Art appeared!
 He had caught it. He was going to kill Han Jiang with one strike ...
 ……
 Wang Ye's city Lord seal could no longer stop it. At this moment, Wang Ye was furious and helpless. City Lord seals had Supreme techniques, but in order to give the people under them the greatest freedom of choice, and because this was a small world ... The city Lord seal didn't leave behind any spirit.
 The other party was unable to distinguish anything and could only obey Zheng Gong's orders.
 Yuan Shuo ... Was finished.  At that moment, a few students from Yuanping martial Sciences University had just finished off a golden-armored warrior. The nine of them had joined forces, and although they had only entered the seventh or eighth layer of the mountain sea realm, they had managed to finish off a golden-armored warrior.
 Seeing the scene in the sky, Jiang Yingli's expression changed slightly.
 A Supreme technique!
 City Lord seal!
 The next moment, Jiang Yingli shouted,""Attack!"
 The nine students looked at each other and instantly shouted at the same time,""Emperor's token, suppress!"
 In an instant, the great Dao of origin that connected the nine of them to the bright star World trembled slightly, and words appeared.
 "Jiang,""Chen,""Shen,""Wu"...
 They were all venerable sovereign families!
 A descendant of a venerable sovereign!
 At this moment, he used the last remaining sovereign bloodline of the great Dao of origin to launch a protest. In the new martial era, the human Kings and venerable sovereigns ruled the world together. If there were too many venerable sovereigns who opposed it, the human Kings might be stubborn, but the Supreme sovereigns ... Would consider it.
 Words appeared one after another. In an instant, it was as if venerable sovereigns had gathered and quickly floated into the air, colliding with The Phantom image on the city leader seal.
 At this moment, the shadow seemed to be a little hesitant.
 The nine great emperors opposed!
 In addition to the city Lord seal of heaven battling city ... The sovereign's projection was originally going to kill Yuan Shuo, but it suddenly seemed to hesitate. Seeing this, Zheng Gong was instantly enraged."How dare you! Kill these people!"
 Nine descendants of the venerable sovereigns of the new martial era?
 At this moment, he recognized them, but he wasn't too familiar with them. Plus, he had changed his body, so he only knew Wang Ye. He didn't feel familiar with these people.
 However, these few people had actually blocked the city Lord seal.
 ? How detestable!
 Jiang Ying, li, and the others all trembled violently. They controlled a few characters to block the city Lord seal, but it was difficult for them to maintain themselves. They had recovered too late, and their power had not been restored to its peak. At this moment, they were only in the mountain and sea realm.
 A golden-armored man and several silver-armored men had already appeared beside them and were charging toward them.
  Jiang Yingli spat out a mouthful of blood and gritted her teeth,""A mere branch of the Zheng family, even the direct line, has to bow and greet me when they see me. Zheng Gong, you wild brat, you're quite bold!"
 "When your father comes, you have to call her great aunt!"
 These words could not be considered false.
 However, at this moment, his strength was inferior to his opponent, so it was useless to shout harsh words.
 Jiang Yingli cursed. The next moment, she looked at the few of them and gritted her teeth."The body ... Can be rebuilt. This traitor of the branch sect has lost the face of star suppression city. Use your ultimate skill!"
 No one said a word. They looked at each other, and in the next moment, their bodies were shattered, and waves of spiritual energy gathered.
 A weapon appeared in everyone's hands.
 The Jiang clan's war hammer, the Chen clan's giant sword, the Wu clan's hiltless small sword ...
 These weapons were all made from the puppets.
 They were all very powerful!

 At this moment, they looked at each other with their spiritual energy. The next moment, a large array appeared and instantly turned into a circle, enveloping the few powerhouses who were rushing over from all directions.
 ? "A bunch of bastards! How dare they betray us! Kill them all!"
 They were clearly just cultivators of the mountain and sea realm, but at this moment, they were exuding an indescribable and powerful aura. It was a venerable sovereign martial arts technique!
 In an instant, the nine of them combined and exploded with an extremely powerful aura. In the end, it turned into a huge hammer. With a loud boom, it smashed into a golden-armored body and directly smashed it into pieces!
 The Golden armor was broken, and so was his physical body. The Golden-armored warrior was left with only his mental energy. He was still a little dazed, and the red light in his eyes seemed to have dissipated a little. He looked at the hammer, then at his surroundings ... And suddenly laughed.
 A descendant of a venerable sovereign!
 He instantly understood the past.
 So ... It was like this!
 However, it was all for naught. The next moment, a huge hammer smashed down. The opponent's spiritual power sighed and did not counterattack again. He just let the huge hammer hit him.
 BOOM!
  The hammer smashed it into pieces, and the surrounding silver-armored men roared,""Commander!"
 However, in the next second, the big hammer came from the sky.
 Bang Bang Bang!
 The silver-armored guards were instantly smashed apart, and not even their mental energy was left behind. The giant hammer in the air instantly dimmed, and in the next moment, weak mental energy appeared.
 Jiang Ying and Li Ying glanced at Li Hao and sighed in their hearts ... Their spiritual power all entered their weapons. After this battle ... If Li Hao died, they might not have the chance to recover again.
 The great Dao of origin had been cut off. Apart from Li Hao, no one else had a deep understanding of the new Dao. Even if someone found their weapons later, perhaps ... They would not be able to connect the new Dao and revive them.
 The sudden burst of power from these people had also turned the situation around. They were not strong, but they had killed two golden armors and many silver armors in an instant, turning the situation around a little.
 With the city Lord seal blocked, Yuan Shuo had the chance to continue stalling.
 ……
 In the void.
 Li Hao had already seized the opportunity.
 At this moment, there was no sound. There was no roar, no anger, no roar. There was only a sword. This sword was different from the previous attack against Brilliant Earth. It was integrated with his Shi, his spirit, his vitality, his everything ...
 Just like venerable the sword!
 One sword strike, no return!
 If the enemy doesn't die, I'll die.
 They had spent a lot of energy and two sword strikes to kill the peach tree. Fortunately, the peach tree was dead, leaving them with a large amount of immortal energy and life energy, which allowed Li Hao to recover a lot.
 But at this moment, he didn't choose to use one sword as two. Instead, he used up everything with one sword!
 Han Jiang was even more powerful than the earth brilliance!
 That day, he didn't even kill the brilliance of the earth with his sword, and he still had some physical body left. How could he hold back when dealing with Hanjiang this time?  The sword pierced through the void!
 Han Jiang's expression changed just like diyao on that day. This was ... Precognition?
 He had just raised his saber!
 Upon seeing this, he made a completely different choice from diyao. He did not run away. After all, he was a general of the military. At this moment, he roared and his long knife exploded. He had self-destructed!
 The long saber exploded!
 The next moment, the sky blue armor on his body flew out and self-exploded with a loud boom.
 The two powerful divine weapons self-destructed and blocked the starry sky sword for a moment, weakening it a little.
 Han Jiang's expression was cold. He watched as the starry sky sword broke through the self-explosion and charged at him again. It was extremely powerful. His eyes flashed with ruthlessness. The next moment, his arms suddenly separated from his body and flew towards the starry sky sword.
 The starry sky sword would not return until there was blood.
 Then I'll let you see blood!
 His arms seemed to have transformed into his body, and a human figure instantly appeared. It was Han Jiang. With a loud boom, his arms instantly exploded, and blood splattered, covering the starry sky sword.
 Han Jiang panted heavily. At this moment, the starry sky sword was extremely weak. At the cost of two divine weapons and his arms, he managed to block Li Hao's sword!
 Li Hao's face was deathly pale.
 Hanjiang ... Was far more powerful and decisive than the brilliant Earth.
 At this moment, the three counterattacks had actually blocked the starry sky sword's one-hit kill!
 "He's a character!"
 Han Jiang had already realized that his attack trajectory had actually been caught. Li Hao was quite a character, but his opponent had still underestimated the strength of a great general. Perhaps Sun Xin had misled Li Hao.
 He felt that a Deputy Commander-in-Chief in the Army was only so-so.
  However, Sun Xin was only the Vice commander of a small army, while the boundless Army was a large Army. Sun Xin was also killed by Zhang an, not by Li Hao.
 Han Jiang was a little scared, but he smiled.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com His arms grew out again, but his aura was not as strong as before. His Saint aura had weakened a little, and he felt like he had fallen from his realm. However, Han Jiang knew that he would recover soon after a period of rest after the battle.
 And Li Hao ... Was dead!
 This attack had exhausted Li Hao's energy.
 Li Hao just looked on in despair, waiting for death to come. Han Jiang wouldn't be polite either. If he didn't kill Li Hao now, wouldn't he be giving Li Hao a chance?
 The next moment, a saber appeared in his hand again, but its aura was far weaker than before. He slashed at Li Hao!
 The starry sky sword had been sent flying!
 Li Hao had no power to fight back.
 At this moment, in the distance, Empress Dowager Shui Yun gritted her teeth. Suddenly, the long sword in her hand pierced through the void and disappeared. In an instant, she appeared in front of Li Hao. Li Hao also tacitly held his long sword!

 This was the sword of the human King!
 However, he only had a powerful divine weapon, but he didn't have the power to use it.
 At this moment, a piece of divine text floated above Li Hao's head. It was the word "Dao".
 The five elements divine text was given to Yuan Shuo.
 However, the divine character 'Dao' remained in his body. In an instant, the character seemed to devour the universe. Li Hao roared and stabbed out with his sword!
 This sword was extremely powerful!
 The power of his great Dao surged into his body.
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun's sword even felt ... Stronger than the starry sky sword.
 The sword slashed out, and even a Phantom image appeared.
 It seemed to be a woman, whose face could not be seen clearly. She also brandished her sword with Li Hao, and the sound of a stream resounded through the universe as she slashed out!
  Han Jiang's expression changed!
 "Queen Chen ..."
 However, the two of them were too close. After self-destructing his arms, his strength had weakened by a lot. He was no longer as strong as before. This sword ... He couldn't avoid it.
 His expression changed drastically. With a fierce roar, his newly grown arms exploded again. This time, not only his head, but his entire body also exploded. BOOM! The tremendous explosive force directly destroyed Li Hao's physical body!
 Li Hao's head didn't explode because of the protection of the sword.
 Only their heads were left!
 At that moment, the long sword fell. With a crack, it broke through everything and directly chopped his head off!
 "Ah!"
 A scream was heard, and the next moment, the head was crushed. However, when the long sword disappeared, a virtual shadow instantly appeared. Han Jiang's spiritual power appeared again, and he took the human form. He seemed to be a little scared, but he smiled.
 He still won!
 Li Hao ... Was unexpected. His physical body had been crippled, but he was still alive.
 Even if there was still some spiritual energy left ... It would still be the spiritual energy of a Saint.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, only had his head left. His eyes were hollow. Even in such a situation, he still couldn't kill a Saint?
 The useless Sage, earth glory, had given him too much hope!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had easily defeated glory of earth, and it was a complete one at that. This made him feel that these Saints were all about the same. Who knew that the gap between them was so great? if it was glory of earth, Li Hao might have completely shattered his opponent's body with his first strike, and his second strike would have definitely cut off his opponent's mental power!
 At this moment, even the divine character "Dao" had some cracks, and could no longer provide Li Hao with any help.
 Had he lost?
 Li Hao's eyes glowed. It seemed that he had lost.
 This time, he had lost the bet.
 The two strikes had not been able to kill him. If he could, he could kill Han Jiang and swallow his body of the divine path by force. Perhaps he could repair himself a little. Then, he could strike again to deal with Zheng Gong. There was hope for him to turn the tide of the battle!
 But ... He didn't do it.  Han Jiang saw the deep disappointment in Li Hao's eyes. He smiled. Suddenly, he broke through the void and threw a punch at Li Hao. Are you disappointed?
 You ... You have no other choice!
 At this moment, a small, dim sword appeared behind him. It seemed to be struggling. It was the starry sky sword.
 The starry sky sword seemed to be struggling!
 He seemed to be a little unwilling.
 However ... In the end, a drop of golden blood appeared on the small sword, which Li Hao had left behind. Divine text with the word "sword" appeared.
 The small sword trembled a little, but it was unable to stop him.
 On the day it recognized Li Hao as its master, it should have known ... That Li Hao was very heartless. His attitude toward weapons had always been the same. No matter how strong a weapon was, he would not attach too much importance to it, even if it was a treasured sword passed down in his family.
 p In the next moment, an extremely bright light burst out from the starry sky sword!  Han Jiang, who was about to kill Li Hao, suddenly sensed something and shouted,""You're going to explode the starry sky sword too?"
 What was this?
 This was Silver moon's token, the sword of the revered sword, and also Li Hao's Orthodox performance. It was the key to him obtaining the support of some new martial artists, and the key to wielding some important things ... It was even the last hope to open the Stargate!
 He was going to self-destruct the starry sky sword!
 It was simply ... Unbelievable.
 Most importantly, the starry sky sword was powerful and couldn't self-destruct under normal circumstances. Li Hao wasn't strong enough, but the starry sky sword ... Chose to recognize Li Hao as its master the day he discovered the great Dao!
 Li Hao's remaining head revealed a smile and a mocking smile.
 Was there anything that could not be destroyed?
 "If I lose, everything will be empty. He doesn't want to, nor is he willing, to let the starry sky sword self-destruct. If it self-destructs, it might even cause some problems with the seal.
 But ... What could he do?
 If I die and the seal is broken, Red Moon Emperor can go play with those traitors!
  Li Hao revealed a smile. His lips moved."Explode!"
 BOOM!
 A wave of vast energy exploded behind Han Jiang. The unparalleled power swept through the world with a rumble!
 Han Jiang's spiritual power was destroyed directly. Even at this moment, he still found it unbelievable.
 I was killed by the self-destruction of the starry sky sword!
 The starry sky sword destroyed everything. Even Yuan Shuo and Zheng Gong, who were not far away, were destroyed by the powerful aftershock. The two of them were fighting very close to each other. In an instant, the four of them suffered an extremely powerful attack!
 Li Hao was still fine. He hid behind Han Jiang's mental power and waited until Han Jiang's mental power was completely destroyed before it was Li Hao's turn.
 The powerful explosive force was about to destroy his head!
 Li Hao struggled with all his might. He would not be willing to die like this!
 He wanted to tear open the void and hide in the bright star realm to avoid death, but the remaining power in his head was too little. It was difficult to break open the void again and escape into the bright star realm.

 At this moment, a Golden Glove flew over.
 BOOM!
 The boxing gloves were constantly shaking from the explosion. Not far away, the Dali King's face was cold. He no longer had the boxing gloves in his hands, and blood kept flowing out. He killed a golden armor warrior with one punch. The flesh and blood on his body continued to explode, and the boxing gloves in the distance instantly dimmed.
 He had blocked the fatal blow!
 Seeing this, the Dali King revealed a sinister smile.""Li Hao ... You owe me your life!"
 At that moment, he could have ignored Li Hao and allowed him to die. If he hadn't died, Li Hao might not have had the strength to counterattack Zheng Gong. With the gloves in hand, he might have had a chance to escape or counterattack.
 However, at the last moment, he still chose to use the boxing gloves, even if the blocking this time caused the boxing gloves to fall into a dead silence.
 Just like Empress Dowager Shui Yun, she also sent the human Emperor's sword to Li Hao without hesitation.
 Since they were here, since they were fighting together, since things had come to this point ... They might as well take a gamble!
 Li Hao's head was panting heavily.
  Below his head, his body was slowly recovering.
 In front of him, the human king's sword and the celestial ruler's glove had all fallen to the ground and lost their luster.
 As for the starry sky sword ... The sword that had accompanied him to this day had disappeared.
 Of course, Hanjiang had also disappeared!
 This powerful Saint was only a beginner-level Saint, but Li Hao had paid a much higher price to kill him than to kill diyao. That day, Li Hao could have killed diyao even without Zhang an.
 However, this time ... If he didn't have the help of the Dali King and Empress Dowager Shui Yun, he wouldn't be able to kill the other party. Even if he self-destructed the starry sky sword, he would only die together!
 This was the true combat power of a neo martial artist.
 Han Jiang's mental power had been obliterated, but the great Dao of origins still existed. At that moment, Han Jiang's voice came from the void."We ... Will return!"
 The great Dao depended on it!
 They still had a chance to be resurrected.
 He wouldn't die so easily!
 ……
 Not far away.
 Yuan Shuo and Zheng Gong were both vomiting blood. Zheng Gong's expression was extremely unsightly. Yuan Shuo was almost completely shattered. At this moment, only a pile of broken bones remained.
 Zheng Gong's ugly expression suddenly disappeared, and a smile appeared on his face.
 Hanjiang's dead, the peach tree's dead ...
 Two saints had died!
 But ... Li Hao was completely crippled, Yuan Shuo was completely crippled, the Li Dynasty King's heaven-dominating Emperor fist gauntlet was crippled, the Empress Dowager's human Emperor sword was crippled, many descendants of venerable sovereigns were completely silent, and Wang Ye's Castellan seal was completely useless ...
 All of the other party's trump cards, everything, had been completely destroyed!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, he was an invincible existence!
 Even though he was injured, it wasn't that serious. No matter how insane Yuan Shuo was ... He wasn't capable of killing a Saint.
 "He's really amazing!"
 Zheng Gong suddenly laughed and said something.
 That's really amazing!  With such battle prowess, madness, and all sorts of powerful divine weapons, he had killed two saints.
 In front of them, Yuan Shuo seemed to have died completely.
 The White bones were almost crushed and piled up together. No one thought that this was a living person.
 In all directions, the battle was still ongoing.
 In the city, the Army had already arrived.
 At this moment, Silvermoon's attack seemed to have ended in failure.
 Although he had killed many gold and silver armors, he had also killed many Silvermoon martial masters.
 The Dali King and the Empress Dowager Shui Yun had both killed their opponents. They were also covered in blood and their bodies were broken. Both of them looked calm. This battle had already exceeded their expectations.
 He didn't seem to be dissatisfied with this result.
 The only pity was that there were three saints in the city!
 Even if there was one less person ... Even if there were two ... They could still win!
 However, there were three of them.
 At this moment, many people raised their heads. Some of them laughed and cursed in a low voice. For example, Qian Wuliang cursed. No one knew who he was scolding, but maybe ... It was Li Hao.
 If they had decided to attack the Hong family's main city that day, they would have won!
 The Hong family was not a rebellious city. There might only be one Saint in the city, and he might not have fully recovered yet. He could easily kill the Hong family, or even win. But Li Hao had to attack the Zheng family's ancient city!
 The three saints at their peak had only managed to kill one of them.
 Could he not lose?
 Qian Wuliang even thought that he might win even if he attacked heaven battling city.
 The chances were high!
 Taking heaven battling city ... Perhaps there would be a different result.
 Governor li, at the last moment, he risked his life and still insisted on morality ... If he died, there would be no morality.
 Only by being alive could one talk about morality, right?
 His ambition and all his expectations seemed to have turned into nothing.
  Qian Wuliang thought.
 And ... Zhang an really didn't come.
 Governor!
 You ... Have you thought of it?
 He revealed a self-deprecating expression. In fact, he was very afraid of death and had done some things behind Li Hao's back. For example, the military governor had taken away the divine text of the word "Dao," so Zhang an could not leave the remains.
 But ... The moment they parted, he had secretly given Zhang an a body he had stolen from the Heavenly Star ruins.
 If Zhang an was really willing, actually ... Zhang an, who had experienced many changes of Dao and body, also had a chance of successfully changing his Dao and condensing a body. With his peak Saint level spiritual power, even if he had only entered the fifth stage of Sun Moon realm and had the power of 24 meridians like Li Hao, his opponent ... Should be able to deal with a Saint.
 But ... He wasn't here yet!
 Governor, have you guessed it?
 He could even deal with Li Hao. Zhang an had changed his Tao and body, so he didn't need Li Hao's divine character of "Dao." However, at the current limit of the world, he was so strong that he could kill a Saint after entering the relic and forcibly breaking some Tao veins.

 But ... In the end, he did not manage to meet the other party.
 He knew that the governor might not care.
 'But ... I care!
 Qian Wuliang looked around helplessly. Many people were dead, including Nanquan, Jin Jin, Yu Luosha, many senior martial masters, and that perverted demon Thunderbolt kick. He didn't know when he was killed in the distance.
 This battle was a complete failure.
 ……
 "Cough, cough, cough!"
 In the sky, Zheng Gong laughed. He reached out and retrieved the city Lord seal that had been fixed in place.
 "They've been trying to exterminate you all, but they didn't succeed ... You've walked right into the trap. It seems like I've won this battle. Although many people have died, it's worth it to exterminate you all."
 He quickly absorbed the energy from all directions, and a large amount of spring of life flowed on his body. His immortal power roiled, healing some of his injuries.
  He looked at Li Hao's head in the distance and smiled.""Li Hao, do you have anything else to drop?"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He only stared at the pile of bones not far away.
 He was his teacher.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Looking around, there were a lot less familiar people.
 He then looked at Zheng Gong, who had recovered quickly. The other party didn't attack immediately. He seemed to be very cautious, afraid that Li Hao would have other tricks up his sleeve and drop something again. He had to be fully prepared.
 Li Hao's weak body had recovered a little. He didn't say anything and simply walked toward Zheng Gong.
 Zheng Gong frowned slightly."Are you still trying to scare me? The starry sky sword has already exploded, what else do you have to explode?"
 Without a word, Li Hao walked toward him step by step until he was beside Yuan Shuo's bones. He crouched down. Yuan Shuo seemed to be completely dead.
 The self-destruction of the starry sky sword was the final blow to Yuan Shuo, breaking all his persistence.
 Li Hao gently touched the bones and looked down at the people who were still fighting. Some people were still dying.
 He smiled."I've thought of this ending for this battle ... But I didn't expect that I wouldn't die first. Everyone would die faster than me ... I think I'll leave first. I won't be able to see this scene. It'll be a comfort to me ..."
 "I also want to be like the human King. If I don't die, if my friends don't die, if my comrades don't die, I can hold back ten thousand enemies by myself ... Unfortunately ... I can't do it. I'm sorry to disappoint you!"
 ,m "However, at this point ... How can Li Hao be satisfied?" he said.  Li Hao laughed. The broken "Dao" character above his head kept spinning. He looked at the crowd and said,""If I can win this battle, I'll definitely kill everyone in the world who goes against my will! Whether it's neo martial, Crimson Moon, a traitor, or others ... Li Hao has no more obstacles in today's battle. He has a clear conscience. Silver Moon is still our Silver Moon!"
 He had a clear conscience!
  "Martial masters cultivate their hearts. I no longer owe anyone anything. I don't owe anyone anything. These people in front of me are what I'm after. They know that they're going to die, but they still press forward ... Do I, Li Hao, still need to care about what others think?  Not far away, Zheng Gong's expression changed slightly. The next moment, he sneered."You won?"
 In the next moment, he suddenly punched at Li Hao.
 He felt a little uneasy!
 Although Li Hao had lost all his fighting power, he was still a little uneasy.
 At this moment, Li Hao slightly bowed.""After this battle, if I can't resurrect you, I'll kill all the powerful enemies in the world. After paying tribute to you, Li Hao will try his best to resurrect you. I won't die so easily!"
 After he finished speaking, he laughed. Suddenly, the sky split open, and the bright star realm opened!
 At this moment, the skeleton in front of him came back to life, and Yuan Shuo's voice sounded,""It should have been like this long ago!"
 The powerful skeleton suddenly jumped in and headed straight for the bright star World!
 "Don't think too much about it. I'm beyond saving. I'm just waiting for you to come here and activate the five elements to spread the might of my five birds sect!"
 The skeleton fell into the bright star sector and suddenly split into pieces!
 The five divine runes swept across the world!
 At this moment, all the powerful great DAOs in the five elements region were almost instantly swept away. Yuan Shuo's voice rang out,""Stop resisting and let me devour the five elements!"
 In an instant, some people gave up resisting the uncomfortable feeling of being deprived.
 In the blink of an eye, a large amount of five-element DAOs were taken away.
  Li Hao also sighed, because at this moment, some of the five elements power was taken away. Some of the experts who were good at the five elements Dao were instantly killed by the enemy!
 Even hou Xiaochen was pierced by the sword, and the fire-elemental power in his body instantly dissipated. He only looked at Li Hao calmly, and the fire Phoenix spear in his hand seemed to have lost its luster.
 Hou Xiaochen only looked on with a faint smile on his face. He opened his mouth, and in an instant, it exploded!
 I ... Don't think I have a chance to marry Xiao Yu.
 In the bright star field, Yuan Shuo split into five, turning into five divine characters that swept through the world. His Dao Meridian was swallowed. If there were no strong enemies around, perhaps his Divine Art would only dissipate. However, with a strong enemy around, his Divine Art would dissipate, which meant death.
 At that moment, Zheng Gong's expression changed drastically. He threw a punch, but the divine character "Dao" flickered and blocked the punch.
 The next moment, the five divine runes seemed to be full.
 He instantly returned to the divine text of the word 'Dao' and Yuan Shuo's voice rang out with a hint of a smile,""Good disciple, you've already killed two saints. Why don't you let your teacher ... Have a taste of your own medicine?"
 "Alright!"
 In the next moment, Li Hao's eyes dimmed. The divine character "Dao" merged into his body. At this moment, it was not Li Hao's aura, but Yuan Shuo 's.

