fileno%d
dn't say anything else.
 He considered for a moment before saying,"currently, the Zhou clan and Zhang clan want to form a simple Alliance contract with me. There are also the Wang clan, the Zhao clan, and the sword city that has yet to appear. The five clans are not included. Currently, only the Zheng, Liu, and Hong clans have yet to give any reply."
 Director Wang exhaled and didn't say anything.
 Everyone had their own thoughts. He was not sure what the other families were thinking. Of course, in his opinion, it was normal for the Zheng family to not show up. There was a 99% chance that they had betrayed the Zheng family.
 As for Li Hao, he calculated and said,""Let's not talk about these three forces. There are also four countries, three continents ... And some unknown great beings who might be from another universe ... I've already tried my best to eliminate the enemies. Why do I feel like the whole world is still against me?"
 He felt a little helpless.
 He had been trying very hard to seek peace and a balance, but ... There were still more and more enemies.
 Unifying the world was truly a difficult problem.
 "Perhaps ... I'm still lacking something ... It's soft enough, but not hard enough! The combination of hardness and softness is the true way of the king!"
 Li Hao said slowly,"although I've killed many people, they were all weaklings. In the eyes of the ancient city and the other countries ... I, Li Hao, am just like this."
  "Therefore, the only way to bring peace to the world is to annihilate one family and instill fear in the people!"
 He looked at director Zhao,"I want to go all out to destroy one side, which side do you think is better?."
 "If we want to establish our might ... Then Dali would be better!" Director Zhao said slowly.
 Was there any other choice?
 He was a little puzzled.
 The Li Dynasty was right in front of them.
 Moreover, the Li Dynasty's combat power was only so-so when it was said to be very strong.
 He couldn't figure out Li Hao's thoughts.
 "Director Zhao," Li Hao said meaningfully."In all Wars, apart from killing the enemy as a deterrent, there's also one more thing ... To obtain sufficient benefits!"
 The moment he said that, director Zhao's heart froze.
 After thinking for a while, he said,"if we are talking about benefits ... There are definitely many good things in the ancient city. However, the other party is in the ruins right now. Furthermore, there are experts in the city. Therefore, we have to put the ancient city aside for now ... Moreover, we have too many enemies. For now, we should focus on the surface."
 "The Dukes of the three continents are too weak, so the benefits are limited ... Besides, it's not a good time for internal strife. We can only choose the four continents."
 He pondered for a moment."If the governor of the Li Dynasty feels that the benefits are not enough, then only the watercloud Kingdom in the South and the Holy Kingdom in the West are most suitable. The great wilderness in the East is also a poor country. It may not be as rich as the Li Dynasty."
  "As for the raincloud Kingdom ..."  He thought for a moment and said,"it's considered rich, but I've never heard of it having a lot of cultivation resources. Only the Western divine Kingdom has a lot of cultivation resources. There are also gods who gather energy naturally. There might even be natural mineral veins in the West!"
 "However, the Western divine Kingdom is also the strongest existence among the four kingdoms!"
 Director Zhao gave a simple introduction and said, "It's said that the divine nation worships the moon god. The moon god is the master God, and below her are all kinds of gods. There are gold, wood, water, fire, earth, and all kinds of gods ... They might have all been resurrected by now."
 He glanced at Li Hao. He wasn't sure who Li Hao was after, but he felt that Li Hao was likely after the Western divine Kingdom.
 "Of course," he continued."The divine Kingdom is the strongest. If we destroy the divine Kingdom, the other factions will be extremely wary and might even retreat!"
 "But ... We're still in the middle of a fight with the Li Dynasty ..."
 He had a headache, not knowing what Li Hao was thinking.
 Instead of fighting the Li Dynasty, did he want to fight the divine Kingdom?
 Then, he thought of what Yuan Shuo had said, as well as the fact that the three major organizations were in the Li Dynasty. His heart moved slightly. Was not attacking the Li Dynasty so that they could preserve enough strength to suppress the three major organizations?
 Li Hao touched his chin and said,""Director Zhao, if I were to meet the king of Dali again and give him enough time to settle the chaos in the country, do you think he would be willing?"
 Director Zhao was moved!
 As expected!
  "This ... I'm not sure!"
 He shook his head."The king of Dali is also an Overlord. He knows that if he leaves now and lets the governor move freely, it may bring more trouble. So, even if the country is in turmoil, he is not willing to leave now."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao laughed."But he should also know that he's not as good as me right now. He can't deal with me. It's not good to be entangled with me here."
 That was what he said, but he wasn't stupid.
 If I let you go, who knows what the consequences will be?
 Of course, Li Hao's whereabouts were uncertain, but with the Army and the Silver Moon Martial Master here, he was tied up.
 Li Hao said,"heaven battling city has dispatched 10000 heaven battling troops this time. In addition, if I reach an agreement with the Zhou family and the Zhang family, plus the Zhao family, I will have 30000 sets of armor. In addition to the 10000 sets of armor I originally had, I will have a total of 50000 sets of armor."
 " 50000 armored warriors, one against ten. Select the elite and form an elite army. If all the experts are mobilized, can we take down the Western divine Kingdom quickly?"
 At this point, Li Hao continued,"it's enough to leave the Li Dynasty behind to train our soldiers. The watercloud nation's Navy is the main force, while the great wilderness's cavalry is the main force. Only the Li Dynasty's Army is on land. I also have some understanding of the divine Kingdom. They're all fanatical believers ... There's not much point in using them to train our soldiers."
 Director Zhao was completely sure.

 For some reason, Li Hao wanted to use the divine Kingdom in the West to establish his might.
 After a moment of silence, he said,"if there were only 50000 troops, we could have quickly shifted the battlefield. Now, there are only two problems. First, the Li Dynasty is still here. How are we going to deal with it?" Second, how many gods have they recovered? if they have recovered, what kind of combat power do they have?"
 From the northernmost land to the westernmost land, they had to cross tens of thousands of miles.
 Only Li Hao could and dared to think of such a thing!
 Director Zhao felt helpless.
 Li Hao, you really dare to think.
 Li Hao said,"let's not talk about how many gods he has. In order to establish my might and calm the West, I'll definitely go all out. All the monster plants, if they can send out their true bodies, send out their true bodies. If they can 't, then send out their clones!" "I'll give the students of Yuanping martial arts university sufficient benefits and let them assist in the battle ... We'll use all our strength to destroy Scandinavia to prevent the gods from growing bigger!"
 "The threat of the gods is great. Once the gods grow bigger, they might take away our control of the great Dao of heaven and earth."
 He had a lot of reasons.
 But ... Director Zhao believed that Li Hao's goal wasn't so simple. Otherwise, he wouldn't be so anxious to deal with Scandinavia.
  Since Li Hao had said so, he didn't say anything more.
 "I'll follow the military governor's arrangement!"
 Li Hao laughed."Then I'll have to trouble director Zhao. For this battle ... Director Zhao will need to bring all the experts of Silver Moon, including the tens of thousands of Silver Moon guards under director Zhao."
 That's right, director Zhao had been in charge of this place for many years and had a strong silver Moon Guard under him. However, they were on guard against the ancient city and didn't send out any troops.
 Director Zhao frowned,"Governor, you mean...We won't leave any path of retreat for Scandinavia?"
 "Yes, I am."
 "Yes." Li Hao nodded and smiled."The divine Kingdom is in the West. What's the point of leaving them a way out?"
 His words had a deep meaning.
 Director Zhao nodded and didn't say anything else.
 As for Li Hao, he looked into the distance. The king of Dali might not be so obedient. If he was told to go back, he would go back. If he was told to stop fighting, he would stop fighting. But if he left with his experts, perhaps ... He would have some thoughts.
 After thinking for a while, Li Hao said,"director Zhao, go and arrange for the elites to be replaced and be ready to go out at any time!."
 "In addition, inform all the experts to prepare for battle. Contact Lin Hongyu and the others in the central region. Tell them to make all preparations as well. Tell all the experts not to leave stellarsky city for three days ..."
 Director Zhao nodded.
 Li Hao then looked at director Wang."I hope that this battle will be foolproof. Director Wang, I hope to receive some help from heaven battling city."
 "What do you need?" director Wang asked.
 "General Huai's clone is one of them! Second, the true bodies of all the Paragon Guardian monster plants would fight ... Not their clones! In addition, if possible, I hope that The Guardian divine weapon ... Can also participate in the battle. "
 Director Wang took a deep breath. Li Hao was determined to destroy Scandinavia.
 What was he after?
  Previously, when they were dealing with the Li Dynasty, this guy had been a little perfunctory, saying that he was training his troops and didn't ask for help from other forces. But this time, not only did he want to leave, but he also wanted to take away the people from the central region, and he even asked to go to heaven battling city ...  Ever since Li Hao became the Heavenly Star military governor, he had almost never asked for help from these old fogeys.
 "This ... You'll need to go to heaven battling city to talk about it in person!"
 Of general Huai's 36 descendants, some of them were at the peak. They were protected by it and thus did not die.
 Almost all of these paragons could fight with their true bodies.
 His true body was ultimately much stronger than his clone.
 Li Hao nodded and said,"director Wang, you're going to fight with me this time. You've transplanted your great Dao of origin over. In fact, you can already form a Dao Meridian. You just didn't notice it."
 "I ..."
 Director Wang thought about it and nodded,"okay, I understand!."
 Li Hao laughed."That's good. It'll be even better if they have the God of Thunder. If we can kill the God of Thunder and take his Thunder Meridian, I'll give it to director Wang. He can use Thunder to lead the other meridians and completely transform into a new human being!"
 Director Wang's expression changed, but he didn't say anything.
 "Alright!" Li Hao looked outside and said,"you guys get ready. I'll go talk to the king of Dali!"
 After saying that, the starry sky sword suddenly appeared.
 The next moment, a "fire" character appeared. The starry sky sword twisted and suddenly turned into a Li Hao with a violent aura. He looked a little unruly and like a ferocious Tiger.
 "I'll go talk to him ... Everyone, get ready!"
 After saying that, the starry sky sword flashed and he disappeared.
 Li Hao's original body was still standing in the same place.
 When director Zhao saw this, his eyes flickered. He didn't say anything and quickly left.
  ? ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In the Li army camp.
 King Dali was thinking about something. Suddenly, an aura surged and the void fluctuated. King Dali instantly showed a touch of anger. Soon, Jiang Li also appeared in the tent.
 Li Hao's figure appeared in the air.
 "The king of Dali!"
 "Li Hao!"
 The king of Dali looked at him coldly. This was the first time Li Hao had entered the Li army camp of his own accord. This guy was really bold. Jiang Li's body was already as white as Jade.
 "I'm not hostile,"Li Hao smiled.
 The two of them did not dare to be careless.
 Li Hao continued."I have a grudge against Ying Hongyue. I already know that she's in the Li Dynasty. She might be killing people in the Li Dynasty. I want to talk to the Li Dynasty's King about ... How to deal with Ying Hongyue."

 "You don't need to worry!"
 "You're just a clown!"The Dali King looked at him coldly.
 "No, he's not."
 Li Hao shook his head and smiled.""Ying Hongyue is definitely not a clown! He has many tricks up his sleeve. He's not just a pawn of some traitors. He himself might not be simple!"
 The Dali King frowned slightly.
 To be honest, as an Overlord, he actually didn't put Ying Hongyue and the others in his eyes. Even if the other party was causing trouble in the rear, he didn't pay too much attention to them.
 Strictly speaking, the three major organizations were only local organizations.
 But now, it was a war between countries.
 Li Hao's words made Ying Hongyue seem very complicated, but he didn't think so.
 "Ying Hongyue," Li Hao continued,"perhaps she's related to an expert from another universe."
  "It's definitely not that easy to kill this man," Li Hao said softly."There might be some extremely terrifying consequences if we kill him."
 "Terrifying consequences?"
 "If I kill him, will the world be destroyed?" the king of Dali frowned.
 "Yes,"
 Li Hao smiled and nodded."I didn't understand it in the past. Later on, I gradually understood something. Killing Ying Hongyue might cause some unpredictable consequences. It might even release some extremely terrifying existences!"
 "Ying Hongyue ... The eight meridians that she's been pursuing are not ordinary and not simple! He might have some deeper thoughts, and even ... He abandoned his own growth and chose to devour each other with a terrifying existence ..."
 The king of Dali did not understand.
 Li Hao, however, sighed."This is a terrifying guy. When I was weak, I didn't understand all this!" When I'm stronger and gain some insight into the great DAOs, I'll know that killing him ... Will be too difficult!"
 "Li Hao, what are you talking about?"
 Li Hao sighed."I can't kill him so easily. If I kill him, I might break an extremely terrifying seal. Simply put, Ying Hongyue has connected herself to the seal. She has become the eye of the seal!" Of course, the only thing that was not perfect was ... That he did not take my bloodline. Otherwise, he would not just be the eye of the seal, but the entire seal!"
 "That's why we can't be too hasty in dealing with Ying Hongyue right now. However, we also can't let her grow!"
 "We have to weaken him bit by bit," Li Hao said softly."It's best to keep him away from the silver Blizzard city. We can even keep him injured, keep him running away, and keep extracting his power ..."
 The king of Dali seemed to have understood what he meant and frowned slightly."You mean, this person ... Is connected to a sealed expert, and he can extract the energy of that expert?"
 "I'm not sure about the details, but the possibility is high. Of course, there will be! Price to pay. When he's extracting power, he's also being assimilated ... Once he's completely assimilated, the seal will lose its effect ..."  All of this was Li Hao's speculation.
 Of course, this was not an unproven theory.
 Instead, it was a perception he had obtained after several exchanges and seeing the changes in the eight trigrams and the fluctuations of the seven red lines.
 Therefore, killing Ying Hongyue was an extremely troublesome matter.
 Of course, Li Hao wasn't in a hurry.
 He had enough patience!
 If he could kill that guy easily, he would be very anxious. However, when he knew that he couldn 't, he wasn't anxious anymore. He let go of all the anxiety in his heart and chose to take it one step at a time.
 He had the patience to do these things. Just like back then, he had the patience to lie low in the inspection Office and spend a year just to read some dossiers.
 At this moment, the king of Dali glanced at Li Hao and suddenly said,""This isn't your original body?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Jiang Li was slightly stunned.
 ,m It was somewhat shocking!  Not the main body?
 The king of Dali had seen Li Hao's clone before. At this moment, he frowned and said,""No wonder you're so bold and arrogant. This must be the method you used last time. You transformed into ten people and besieged me, right?"
  "Is it the Dao Meridian Divine Art from your research?" he continued.
 He had obtained the research content that Li Hao had given him and knew some things.
 Li Hao smiled and nodded."Yes. The power of the fire vein. It has turned into divine text."
 "What's the difference between this origin avatar?"
 The king of Dali asked. He thought Li Hao wouldn't answer, but Li Hao smiled and said,""Of course there is! The doppelganger of the origin will not take the initiative to cultivate, and can only absorb some energy passively. The divine text doppelganger can take the initiative to cultivate. "
 "That's the first reason. The second reason is that the divine rune doppelganger has different abilities from the main body. For example, the fire doppelganger is extremely good at fire god art. After being separated, the main body will no longer have such abilities."
 "Third, if the origin avatar is destroyed, the main body will be severely injured. If the divine text avatar is destroyed ... There won't be a huge backlash. Of course, it will damage my fire god art."
 "Fourth, it's more secretive. At least, you won't be able to tell who my real body is ... Although I've revealed it to you now, in reality, the aura is different from my real body!"
 The king of Dali was a little shocked and did not ask any more questions.
 Li Hao smiled and said,"I came to find the king of Dali this time because I have some ideas ... I want to give Ying Hongyue some pressure. Therefore, I hope that the king of Dali and the temple officiant can help me with a small matter. Or rather, we can help each other. How about we go to Dali together and give them a surprise?"

 "Are you joking?" the Dali King looked at him coldly.
 He wanted her to go with him, but his true body was still here.
 Did that mean that they didn't want the Li Dynasty's million-strong Army anymore?
 What if Li Hao ambushed the Li Dynasty's camp after he left?
 Li Hao sighed."The Li Dynasty's King is too narrow-minded. The experts are still here. Is the Army ... Really of much use?" The so-called Army and training are only useful when there are no powerhouses around ... There's not much meaning in not killing the powerhouses and destroying the Army. Without the restraint of the Army, you'll be in more danger. "
 "Just like the king of Dali. Once I leave, will you slaughter the Army? Without the restraints of the Army, if I become an assassin, will you be able to withstand my revenge?"
 Jiang Li frowned and said in a low voice,""Governor li came here alone just to deal with Ying Hongyue?"
 Why did he feel that it was not that simple?
 Li Hao nodded."My goal has always been Ying Hongyue. She's number one. As for the other things, I can put them aside."
 "Then why didn't your true body come personally?"
  The king of Dali looked at him coldly. Li Hao smiled and said,""I'm also worried about going to the Li Dynasty alone. You'll send out the God of beginner martial and kill me directly ... Be careful. Besides, if I go, you'll have to be careful that I'm too strong and cause chaos in the Li Dynasty! Isn't it just the right time?"
 "Is the king of Dali really not worried that the three major organizations will massacre the people of Dali?"
 "He wouldn't dare!"
 "If he dares to do so, then Dali will pursue him to the death at all costs!" The king of Dali said confidently.
 "Don't be too confident!"
 "Anything is possible!" Li Hao laughed.
 "Are the two of you really not going to consider my suggestion?"
 The king of Dali thought for a while, glanced at Li Hao, and suddenly said,""You want us to leave, but I'm not here. Do you have another goal? So, you don't want us to disturb you?"
 Li Hao smiled without saying anything.
 "Could it be that ... Because the other three countries have sent their troops, you want to launch a surprise attack on one of them?"
 "So, you can't wait for me to leave and then give you time?"
 "Whatever you say, king of Dali," Li Hao laughed.
 "Then this King will not leave!"
 "Then this Prince will have to be a good nail!" The king of Dali suddenly laughed coldly.
 "But if that's the case," Li Hao said with a smile,"if I really have to leave, I'll have to do my best to deal with you."
 Li Hao said gloomily,"now, let's deal with the three major organizations together. You have time to settle the rear, and I have time to do what I want to do. It's the best of both worlds. Why do you have to find trouble for yourself?"
 The Dali King was unmoved!
 Li Hao smiled."How about this? I might have to deal with the ancient city next. There are many experts in the ancient city and many origins ... I'll count you in. How about it?"
 "What?"  The Dali King was shocked.
 Li Hao laughed,"deal with the ancient city!" Not everyone in the eight great cities is a good person, and not everyone is on my side. Since that's the case ... I'll deal with them if I have to. I'll kill them all and silence the ancient city! Doesn't the Li Dynasty need the power of origin? I'll give you a chance, how about it?"
 The Dali King's expression changed.
 "You're too audacious!"Jiang Li also said in a hurry. There are countless experts in the ancient city, and even if they haven't fully recovered, they're not people you can easily deal with ... You're invincible outside, but within the ruins, even a peak immortal realm being can kill you!"
 "Thank you for your concern!"
 Do I care about you?
 Jiang Li was speechless. Li Hao's brain was really wired differently.
 Li Hao laughed,"you don't dare?" If he didn't dare, how could he dominate the world? Overlords bully the weak and fear the strong?"
 "Are you trying to goad me into action?" the king of Dali sneered.
 "Yup!"
 Li Hao nodded."We're both geniuses of this era. Why do we have to act according to other people's wishes?" You dare to deal with the ancient city's clone but not the ancient city itself?"
 "You're doing this for your own goals ... So you're sending me away ..."
 "Yup!"
 Li Hao was very sincere,"whether you leave or not, I will leave!" I will leave behind my Army, and if you want to kill, then go ahead. Just in time, help me clear out some random soldiers, and at the same time, provoke the anger of my Heavenly Star citizens. From now on, the four kingdoms can forget about taking a single step into Heavenly Star, and everyone will see you as blood enemies for generations!"
 The Dali King remained unmoved."Then let's try!"
 Li Hao laughed again,"I've given you a chance. Are you really not willing to take it?" King of Dali, do you really want me to fall out with you?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The king of Dali's expression was ugly, but he suddenly laughed,""Alright, this King can agree! However, this King has a request ..."
 "Go ahead,"
  The Dali King laughed,"didn't you want to take this opportunity to deal with one side?" I thought you didn't want to bully the weak and fear the strong? Fine ... If you go to the West and deal with the Western divine Kingdom ... I'm willing to cooperate with you!"
 The Western divine Kingdom was the strongest of the four!
 The Dali King was well aware that Dali was at most second among the four countries and was not as good as the country with countless gods.
 Who did Li Hao want to deal with?
 In his opinion, the great wilderness had the highest possibility. There were many cavalries from the great wilderness, and they were too powerful. They could easily sweep across the entire Eastern continent in an instant.
 As for the watercloud country, it was mainly made up of the Navy, so it didn't pose much of a threat.
 The divine Kingdom was too powerful for Li Hao's current goal.
 Thus, he concluded that Li Hao was most likely going to deal with Da Huang!
 However, could she do as he wished?
 Of course not!

 You go deal with Scandinavia, and I won't create any difficulties for you!
 Moreover, the Li Dynasty was also very afraid of the Holy Kingdom. The Li Dynasty believed in the God of Chu Wu and was very clear that faith was sometimes very scary. There were too many fanatical believers in the West, and such a Kingdom was actually very difficult to deal with.
 Perhaps they had to destroy their country to stop the resistance from the West.
 Even the star dynasty had a chance to unify the country.
 But the Western divine Kingdom might be the most difficult.
 Li Hao frowned slightly."The gods of the Western divine Kingdom have begun to recover. They're extremely powerful. It's going to be a tragic battle against the divine Kingdom. You have the guts to say and think about it!"
 The Dali King laughed heartily,"didn't I do as you wished?" Since you want this King to leave ... Then go and deal with the Western divine Kingdom ... The Western divine Kingdom, the power of faith spreads and gods appear. Actually, to heavenstar, they are the greatest and most dangerous enemy. Didn't you even dare to deal with an ancient city? You don't dare to attack Scandinavia?"
 Li Hao looked at him coldly and said,"it's not that I don't dare to, but it's not the right time!" When the Three Kingdoms are pacified, I will naturally deal with their so-called God ..."
 "Now then!"
 "No!" The Dali King refused to back down."This is the only way I'm willing to give you a chance. Otherwise ... If you dare to leave, I'll take over the entire northern continent in an instant!"
  "Don't court death!"Li Hao coldly looked at him.
 "You can try!" "I also want to see if I can kill you with the primary martial divine bone in my body!" The Dali King sneered.
 Li Hao took a deep breath and released a burst of fiery energy. A violent power of fire rose in the surroundings.
 Jiang Li was very alert and serious.
 The king of Dali narrowed his eyes and looked at Li Hao, ready to fight!
 Since he had already sent out his troops, he wasn't afraid of Li Hao turning hostile.
 It would happen sooner or later!
 He wasn't li Hao's guard, so he didn't have to listen to whatever Li Hao said.
 Li Hao took a deep breath."I'll take down the vast wilderness first. Then, I'll deal with the divine Kingdom ..."
 "Stop dreaming!"
 "Da Huang, you can't move!" The Dali King said coldly.
 A ferocious Tiger appeared in Li Hao's eyes, carrying a strong killing intent.""Then I'll destroy the Li Dynasty first!"
 "I'll try it!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Cough cough!"
 At this moment, seeing that the two were about to fight, Jiang Li hurriedly said,""Governor li, how about you listen to me? "The threat of this divine Kingdom is indeed greater. Spreading faith, the ignorant people, and being easily fooled by the divine Kingdom. Whether it's the governor who rules the world or the Li Dynasty, the divine Kingdom is actually a malignant tumor ..."
 "We, the Li Dynasty, are very clear about the problem with faith. Once it spreads, perhaps the entire heavenstar will face a catastrophe!"
 He revealed a smile."If you're willing to go against Scandinavia, not only will Dali not stop you, but we'll also help you ... For example, I can also help you deal with Scandinavia."
 Frowning, Li Hao looked at them and said coldly,""The divine Kingdom is powerful. Once it falls into a stalemate ..."
 "The mighty Governor is still afraid of God nation?"
 Li Hao sneered, are you trying to provoke me?
 "So what if I am?" the Dali King said indifferently,"didn't you goad me into this before?"
 Li Hao smiled, I'm not afraid of goading! Since that's the case ... Fine, let's set the Western divine Kingdom as our target!"  “……”
 At this moment, the king of Dali and Jiang Li looked at each other in confusion. Li Hao ... Really dared to do that?
 "If you're worried," Li Hao said calmly,"the king of Dali and the officiant can all participate ... I've never been afraid of anyone. It's just that if you think it's necessary ... Then I'll let you participate in person. Whether it's to watch the battle or something else ... It's all fine!"
 As soon as these words came out, the Dali King's heart moved slightly, and he said indifferently,""Forget it. I need to return to the country to solve the problem of the three major organizations. Your avatar can follow me. Of course, Jiang Li, you can go with Governor li!"
 Jiang Li nodded and didn't say anything.
 Li Hao took a deep breath and said,"then it's decided!."
 After he finished speaking, he disappeared in an instant. His voice resounded,""We'll leave tonight. Officiant Jiang Li can come with us. My clone will come back tonight!"
 After he disappeared, the king of Dali frowned slightly.""Officiant, do you think...He's just patronizing this King, or will he really go and deal with Scandinavia? Or perhaps, the target was the divine Kingdom from the start?"
 Jiang Li shook his head."I don't think so. It's better to deal with Dali directly than to deal with the kingdom of God. Your Majesty, you should know that the power of the kingdom of God is the best in the four regions!"
 Rather than ambushing the first, it would be better to just kill the second. At least, there would be no constraints.
 Li Hao was probably going to deal with Da Huang.
 Jiang Li smiled."You're the best, my King. With just a few words, Li Hao was forced to deal with the divine Kingdom ..."
 "It's just that Li Hao seems to be easily provoked today,"he said hesitantly.
 He was also a little puzzled.
 The king of Dali was silent for a moment."Let's not care about this. Let's take a look first. The Western Kingdom of God is indeed troublesome ... But you have to be careful. Perhaps ... His target is you. He said that on purpose, but his ultimate goal is to deal with you!"
 Jiang Li's face turned serious. It was possible!
 He nodded and said solemnly,"don't worry, Your Majesty. I'll be careful. If anything happens, I'll contact you as soon as possible. Also, I'll use the divine bone of beginner martial. It won't be easy for him to take me down!"
 The king of Dali took a deep breath."Well, in addition, I do have to go back. I can't let those guys mess around in the country. I couldn't leave at first, but now ... It's a chance!"
 After saying that, he looked in the direction that Li Hao had left and said in a deep voice,""He said that Ying Hongyue is in contact with an expert. Do you think that's true?"
 " 70% true!"
 "You think he's telling the truth?"
  Jiang Li nodded."I know something. If he could kill Ying Hongyue easily, he wouldn't have given up his achievements so easily." Thus, there might be some trouble that forced him to give up on killing the other party with all his might. "
 The king of Dali took a deep breath."I understand now. All the more reason for me to chase them away. Otherwise, those guys might cause great trouble for Dali!"
 After much consideration, he finally decided to make an agreement with Li Hao.
 Moreover, it was a good thing that Li Hao was really going to deal with the divine Kingdom.
 He could also clearly see the strength of both sides!
 Li Hao, how many trump cards do you still have?
 Jiang Li also kept nodding.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Li Hao also sighed ... The king of Dali, you're so cute. I can't bear to kill you.

 That night.
 The Army consisted of 10000 heaven battling troops, 10000 demon hunters, 10000 super soldiers from the ninth Division, 10000 super soldiers from the city of supers, and 10000 Silver Moon soldiers. The Silver Moon guards that director Zhao had formed were all supers.
 These troops had been constantly going to the front lines to fight with the Li Dynasty's Army.
 His killing intent was strong!
 The 50 thousand troops were all armored.
 The military formation was strict, and they finally looked like elite soldiers.
 The heaven-battling Army was an elite army, and the other four armies were also the cream of the crop. They were all transcendents, and almost all of them had broken through the 100-level.
 Not a single one of them was weak!
 With the armor on, his combat strength would increase by a large margin.
 He had prepared 100 super cannons, which were collected from the various provinces. He had also prepared 10000 super cannonballs, which was even more shocking.
  Li Hao had collected a lot of these so-called city-destroying bombs. They were all relics of the new martial era. They were weaker than the bombs of the regular army, but they were still extremely powerful. Previously, even Li Hao, who had the strength of the rising light, had been forced to flee.
 Obviously, Li Hao was going to get serious.
 It was the first time Jiang Li had seen Li Hao so serious. Although he was not familiar with Li Hao, he knew that the Li Dynasty had been fighting against the star Army for many days. To be honest, in his opinion, even the elites of the star Army were average except for the heaven-battling Army.
 But today...When these people were all wearing armors, followed by super cannons, and countless super cannonballs in boxes ... He was a little shocked.
 He knew what it was.
 Soon, more burrowing shuttles, airships, and cruisers appeared.
 Many generals also appeared quickly. It wasn't as chaotic as before, they were all wearing silver or copper armor, and their combat strength was extremely strong.
 The 9th Division commander, Huang Yu, Liu Long, and the other battle generals all appeared at the front of the Army.
 In the vast land of Silver Moon, Li Hao had only left one general to keep watch-hou Xiaochen, one of the four guardians of Silver Moon.
 Li Hao even took director Zhao away.
 The reason why hou Xiaochen stayed was because the others were not suitable. Huang Yu was actually a good choice, but he was an expert in warfare. It would be a waste to leave him behind.
 As for Kong Jie, she was slightly weaker, and her reputation in Silver Moon wasn't as high as hou Xiaochen 's.
 After much thought, Li Hao decided to leave hou Xiaochen behind.
 This made hou Xiaochen feel a bit of pressure, but also a bit helpless.
 He had been thrown back to his lair!
 It was a pity that he couldn't go to the West for this battle. This might be the first time in Li Hao's current position that he had mobilized all the experts to fight a siege.
 The divine Kingdom of the West!
 Not only that, but at this moment, even some of the Academy puppets, the Emperor guards, and the Redwood tree at the peak of immortal realm who had been hiding in the dark showed themselves. It was obvious that Li Hao had not used any of his hidden strength.
 Jiang Li's expression became even more solemn!
 He had never seen many of these people before, including some of the older Silver Moon martial masters. Many of them had been hiding and had not appeared before.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It wasn't really a secret. Some of these older martial masters had been cultivating new DAOs and opening their apertures.
  But today, they were all dragged out.  In addition to the six elders that Li Hao had brought with him to the star military governor's office, there were not many martial masters of the older generation in the entire Silver Moon. In total, there were only a dozen or so.
 However, their combat strength was not to be underestimated.
 "Board the ship!"
 Li Hao said in a low voice. The 50000-strong Army quickly boarded the ship. Three warships made it a little crowded, but Li Hao didn't ask for more warships. They were enough for now.
 One by one, the experts also boarded the ship.
 Li Hao turned to look at hou Xiaochen and smiled,"Hou bu, remember one thing. If the Li Dynasty chooses to send troops, fight if you can, and retreat if you can 't! If the Li Dynasty breaks their promise this time, I will lead the Army and slaughter the Li Dynasty, leaving no one alive!"
 Hou Xiaochen nodded silently.
 Jiang Li frowned. Li Hao glanced at him and said with a smile,""I, Li Hao ... Have always kept my promises!"
 Jiang Li was slightly moved, but he didn't say anything.
 Li Hao rose into the air and said, to heaven battling city!
 In an instant, three battleships rose into the air in the darkness.
 Li Hao waved his hand, and divine text appeared. It was the word "dark" and enveloped the three warships. In the darkness, the three warships became even darker, making it impossible to see anything clearly.
 Tens of thousands of people were silent. At this moment, they were all excited, but no one made a sound.
 After fighting with the Li Dynasty for so many days, they finally looked like elite soldiers.
 Li Hao was quite satisfied.
 ……
 The battleship crossed the sky.
 Soon, they arrived at heaven battling city, which was thousands of miles away.
 Li Hao got off the warship and entered heaven battling city.
 Jiang Li was very curious, but he didn't dare to follow because he knew that the ancient city was powerful. He was just a little curious. This heaven battling city ... Would it also send out experts this time?
  ……
 In heaven battling city.
 Li Hao entered again, but the atmosphere was a little different.
 However, Li Hao didn't mind. He said,""General Huai, Guardian turtle, this time, Li Hao hopes to receive the help of the two seniors. As for how much it will cost, please feel free to state it!"
 The ninth master was also here, his true self!
 The one outside had always been his clone.
 Upon hearing Li Hao's words, he immediately invited the two experts to battle. The tree and the divine weapon were both true saints.
 Even if it was just a clone, a saint's clone would definitely be stronger than those undying.
 The two didn't say anything. They just waited for a while.
 A moment later, the ninth master's clone entered and gathered with the ninth master's original body.

 This was perhaps what they had been waiting for.
 By gathering a clone, the original body could know everything that the clone had experienced. The ninth master had transmitted a few words to the two old men, and they already knew everything.
 The old turtle was calm."I'm the soul of a divine weapon, so my strength is limited. Even if I go to war ... I can only be a divine weapon avatar. My combat power is not strong, but my defensive power is still okay. I can build a line of defense for the star military governor's office. But if I join the war ... My strength is indeed limited. I'm not lying."
 A defensive weapon!
 "Enough!" Li Hao smiled.
 General Huai hesitated for a moment before saying,""I can also send out a clone, but ... Due to the restrictions of heaven and earth, even if it's stronger than an ordinary clone, there's a limit to how strong it can be. It can't be too strong ..."
 "That's enough!"
 Li Hao smiled."In addition, I want some peak monster plant generals to move out. I'll bear all the energy for the recovery!"
 This time, general Huai didn't refuse. Instead, he smiled."Sure, I have 12 pinnacle monster plants on my side ... It's just that the great Dao of origin has disappeared, and their strength is not as strong as those true pinnacle plants back then ... But they are definitely not weaker than some undying bodies!"
 That was enough!
  12 of them required a lot of energy to resuscitate. Each of them would cost at least ten million divine power stones. Li Hao could afford that.
 Li Hao bowed slightly."Thank you for your help, seniors. What do you need?"
 Heaven battling city was also the ancient city he had the most contact with.
 Their cooperation had been the longest, and Li Hao had gained a lot from it. Of course, he had also received some benefits in return.
 Now that the experts of heaven battling city were willing to help, Li Hao didn't mind paying some treasures or energy.
 The powerhouses looked at each other and then at the ninth master.
 The ninth Division commander was still clad in his golden armor. When he saw the two of them looking at him, he said slowly,""My request might be a little excessive ... But I hope that it can be realized!"
 "What?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com " 10000 bodies!"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 The ninth Division commander said calmly,"I mean the 10000-man heaven-battling Army outside. Or to be more selfish, I mean the soldiers of the 9th Division! "I hope ... That they will be able to awaken and be resurrected in this era! Even if ...... Their memories are slightly lost, I hope that they can come back to life. "
 "I know that the consumption of each body is terrifying, and if you want to connect to the bright star World, it will be even more difficult, and you will consume a lot of treasures, energy, and danger ... But my heaven battling city is willing to support you with all its strength!"
 The ninth Division commander looked at Li Hao."I hope that they will recover. I hope that they will have the bodies of this era. I hope that they can live on in the new era, even if they forget everything. Even if they have to start from the beginning ..."
 He looked at Li Hao and said very seriously,""To you, it's not worth it to revive the physical bodies of 10000 ordinary soldiers! You can choose to work with some ancient cities and revive their experts ... But to us, these people are our comrades, and I hope that they ... Can come back to life!"
 ? Ten thousand people!
 This was not a small amount.
 He also had to possess the natural body of the human race of the new era, which meant that Li Hao might have to find a way to break through the bright star sector ten thousand times!
 Moreover, in order to stabilize the connection between the bright star sector and their physical bodies, the support of the great Dao of origins might require ten thousand divine weapons.
 This price had already far exceeded everything he had paid before.
  The ninth Division commander knew that it would be very difficult. He said,""Heaven battling Army, the 9th Division, will continue to fight for you! Including me! I wouldn't have mentioned it in the past, but now ... I know you can do it ..."  "In addition, if there is a war or a battle between experts, heaven battling city is willing to pay the necessary price and participate in the war!"
 Ten thousand people!
 Li Hao gently exhaled. After a long time, he nodded."Sure!"
 The ninth Division commander was stunned.
 General Huai and the old turtle looked at each other, also surprised.
 Li Hao ... Agreed!
 To be honest, they were only giving it a try today, but Li Hao agreed to it!
 The ninth Division commander fell silent.
 Li Hao smiled."It's fine. It's just a small matter. Of course, it won't be that fast. I need time to prepare!" Furthermore, I was once a part of the 9th Division, and I was the leader of the 11th Regiment ... Back then, I wanted to revive the 7th Regiment, but you guys didn't agree. "
 "I'm talking about everyone ..."
 "Isn't it the regimental commanders ..."The ninth Division commander said in a deep voice.
 "I know!"
 Li Hao laughed."It's the same as setting a sheep free. Setting a few more ... It's the same principle."
 “……”
 This wasn't herding sheep!
 Li Hao's words were simple, but they weren't so confident. Was this guy really willing to do it?
 At this moment, the ninth master did not think too much about it. He said in a low voice,""If you can do it, then ... The ninth Army will fight for you until the Stargate opens, until they die in battle!"
 "Hmm, is there anything else?"
  “……”
 The few of them lost their confidence.
 What else was there?
 "Resurrecting 10000 people and bestowing 10000 physical bodies to them has already exceeded your goal. What else do you want?
 No, what are you asking us?
 The few of them looked at each other, all of them looking very unconfident.
 "Ninth Division commander, don't you want to recover?" Li Hao laughed.
 The ninth master was stunned. After a long while, he said,"I don't mind. If I want to, it's not too difficult!"
 "That's fine,"
 "Also, I have a small request ..." Li Hao said with a smile.

 The few of them calmed down. That's good. If you have any requests, just say it.
 "After this battle is over, I need 50000 heaven-battling armors!" Li Hao said with a smile.
 "Sure!"
 "Yes!" The 9th Division commander agreed."Now, the heaven battling Army has 120000 sets of armors in reserve. If you want them, you can take them all!"
 Li Hao laughed."That's quite a lot. But for now, 50000 will be enough. Including what I have now and the 10000 heaven-battling troops ... That's 100000 battle armors!"
 100,000 Yuan was barely enough.
 In neo martial, it was also a small-scale Army.
 The heaven battling Army was a large Army with a total of one million people.
 However, the star Army in the star Town only had 100000 people.
 "There's no need for that today, I'll come back and get it!"
  After saying that, Li Hao looked at the two old men. The old turtle didn't say anything. Inside the city, the huge Turtle Tower seemed to be giving birth. The next moment, a small shield appeared like a turtle.
 Li Hao took it in his hand and instantly felt a powerful flow of power.
 General Huai's side was also directly cut. A locust tree appeared, and a faint power of the saintly way rippled.
 With a wave of his hand, another 12 monster plants appeared.
 At this moment, they had recovered a little and could communicate mentally. However, their combat strength was weak, and they still needed Li Hao to pay a large number of divine power stones for them to absorb.
 General Huai looked at Li Hao and said,""With my clones and 12 auxiliary generals, I can set up an inescapable net! If you want to kill all your enemies in one fell swoop ... We can take root in the void and seal the world!"
 Li Hao's eyes lit up!
 "You have the secondary wind and cloud treasure mirror," general Huai continued."You can let my clone enter with them. When the time comes, I'll use this thing as the eye of the formation and set up an inescapable net formation. No one can escape!"
 "Alright!"
 The wind and cloud treasure mirror appeared in Li Hao's hand. General Huai's clone walked in, and the other twelve monster plants followed.
 "Good luck!" The old turtle smiled and said,"I wish you all the best, Eleventh Division!"
 The 11th Division commander had a profound meaning!
 "Thanks for your kind words!" Li Hao smiled.
 After saying that, he walked away.
 The ninth master also created a clone and walked out again. His aura felt stronger than before.
 He walked out with Li Hao.
 ……
 The warship continued on its journey.
 As they crossed the North Sea, a figure appeared.
 From a distance, that person didn't get close and only transmitted his voice,""Did you tell me about the forbidden Sea? Recently, there seems to be some big fluctuations in the forbidden Sea. Someone might want to do something ..."
 Before Li Hao could speak, a small turtle shell shook beside him, and the old turtle's clone appeared with a smile.""Lord seatopple!"
  "You are ... Oh, the soul of the Wang family's divine weapon!" The figure was stunned.  "There's no need to call me Lord," he said."If I remember correctly, you're very experienced. You're from the same generation as my ancestor."
 Li Fuhai, the descendant of the sea Guardian.
 From what it said, it was obvious that the old turtle had a lot of experience when he was alive.
 After exchanging pleasantries, it looked at Li Hao again, who said,""I know, and I've already passed on the message. Senior Zhang an said that the forbidden Sea has recovered because the connection between heaven and earth and the main world has been cut off. It naturally recovered!"
 "I'm already aware of this. I mean, the forbidden Sea has been in turmoil recently ..."
 "Yes, I know that too."
 Li Hao nodded."I will handle it. Senior, you don't need to worry."
 "I'm not the one who's worried. You're the one who should be worried!"
 "Someone might be touching the source of the forbidden Sea," li Fuhai said in a deep voice."They want to stir up the world. It's possible that the world will recover in advance, stabilizing the world and allowing a group of experts to appear in advance."
 As expected!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao realized that it was definitely Ying Hongyue and the others.
 "Thank you for your reminder, senior. I know who is behind this, but this person is not easy to deal with ... I will try my best to get rid of him!"
 Li Fuhai was a little puzzled but didn't say anything.
 It was good enough that Li Hao knew.
 This time, he had a different feeling. The first time he met Li Hao, Li Hao had been very arrogant, as if he was the most powerful person in the world. This time, he was much more polite.
 This guy was more polite than before.
 Li Fuhai didn't say much. Seeing that Li Hao understood, he said,""That's all. By the way, there's one more small thing. Something might be sneaking into the land of the West Ocean and trying to seize my control over the four oceans ... Perhaps ... It feels like a god of this world, like the water god or something ... If you have time, help me take a look."
 "Yes." Li Hao nodded and suddenly asked,"senior ... Why do you keep looking for me?"
 This was also what he was puzzled about.
 There are so many people here, but you're looking for me?
  ,m It was very strange!  Li Fuhai was also surprised,"shouldn't I be looking for you?" The Li family controls the world, and revered sword is the master of the world. You have the descendant of the demon subduing envoy with you, and my sea-subduing lineage is also under the jurisdiction of the demon subduing lineage ... My true body can't appear now, so I can only look for you!"
 Li Hao felt strange. That's it?
 I say, this is the first time he asked me to pass on a message.
 It turned out that ... This person really thought that the Li family was the master of this world.
 Or rather, it really thought so.
 "Then I'll deal with the West Ocean issue!" Li Hao laughed.
 "Okay, then I'll go back first!"
 It didn't chat much with Li Hao or the old turtle's clone. It soon disappeared.
 Next to Li Hao, the old turtle's clone said meaningfully,""The sea Conqueror's lineage is rather simple and honest! But ... She was also very smart! He's not simple!"

 Li Hao smiled."I like smart people. It's more comfortable to talk to them."
 The old turtle didn't say anything more, and simply disappeared.
 On the side, Jiang Li watched coldly. At this moment, he seemed to know something and said,""Governor li, is the strange movement in the forbidden Sea related to Ying Hongyue?"
 "Ninety-nine percent!"
 "Since that's the case, it might trigger a second recovery. Why don't we stop it in advance? if the military governor returns to the Army now, I will persuade the king and the military governor to cooperate and stop or annihilate Ying Hongyue ..."
 "I'm fine!"
 Li Hao shook his head."With Ying Hongyue's treachery, he won't directly activate the second recovery. Instead, he'll make the heaven and earth energy a little denser and more stable. It's possible to increase the upper limit of the heaven and earth, such as accommodating some late-stage or even peak-stage paragons, or the strength of an immortal body ... But he definitely won't rashly let a Saint appear ..."
 Jiang Li was slightly shocked. What ... Did this mean?
 As for Li Hao, he knew that this would happen, but he didn't try to stop them. What was he thinking?
 As the officiant of the temple, he had always been King Dali's think tank. But today, he couldn't quite guess Li Hao's thoughts. Or rather, he could guess it, but ... He felt that Li Hao was too crazy!
  "Isn't the governor's clone following the King to solve this problem?"
 "No, I'm just trying to give Ying Hongyue some pressure."
 “……”
 He was speechless!
 Jiang Li really wanted to curse. What was this guy thinking?
 Li Hao ignored him, and the warship continued to move forward.
 ……
 Soon, they arrived at stellarsky city.
 Three battleships were floating in the air.
 Below, director Zhou, Lin Hongyu and the others appeared.
 Not only them, but Jiang Li's expression changed when he looked down. There were many puppets. Li Hao didn't have many with him, but at this moment, there were hundreds of them.
 Each of these puppets might not be as powerful as the origin source avatars.
 However, two or three of them could definitely deal with the other party.
 There were hundreds of them here.
 Besides, Li Hao had brought hundreds of them with him. Jiang Li's face turned pale. How many more did Li Hao hide?
 Li Hao, on the other hand, naturally had more strength than this.
 Soon, Li Hao went out.
 Not long after, another group of monster plant clones appeared, and there were more than 20 of them!
 Jiang Li's expression turned uglier.
 That many?
 Just these doppelgangers alone were not easy to deal with.
 As for Li Hao, he had yet to appear.
 ……  In the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 Li Hao said,"senior, it's said that the strongest God in Scandinavia is the moon god!" I'm worried that he's also recovered, and once he does ... The divine Kingdom will be destroyed, and he might take the risk to appear. Gods are favored by the heavens and earth, and they might be able to display powerful strength!"
 Zhang an looked at him and said calmly,"you still want to kill them all?" You rarely do this ... Why do you insist on it this time?"
 "I'm searching for the Dao!"
 Zhang an frowned slightly and said,"if you bring me along, I'll have to give up my physical body. Otherwise, you won't be able to bring me out!" However, after giving up on my physical body, my combat strength is not as strong as I imagined. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "It should be enough!"
 Li Hao smiled."After this, I'll try my best to revive all the students. Whether it's a neo martial body or a modern body, they can choose!"
 "All?"
 "Right!"
 "Aren't you afraid ..."Zhang an was a little surprised.
 "I'm not afraid!"
 Li Hao shook his head."I've never been afraid. I also believe that these people won't cause any trouble!"
 "Alright!" Zhang an thought for a while and nodded."I'll go with you!"
 Li Hao nodded and then looked at director Qi.""Director Qi, are you interested in taking a look?"
 "Me?"
 "I have almost no combat power ..." Director Qi was puzzled.
 Li Hao smiled."I don't need combat strength. Just capture some deities and study them!"
 "Alright!"
 Director Qi laughed and seemed to be enjoying himself."The body of a deity has been a project that we have been researching for a long time. Unfortunately, only the body of the earth God was preserved. If we can get more of the body of a deity, we will definitely be able to discover some special characteristics!"
 Li Hao smiled."It's good that you're interested, director Qi. This time, I'd like to study ... The path of the physical body!"
 "You ... Discovered it?" director Qi was slightly moved.
 "Not yet, but I'll be there soon,"
  "No wonder!"
 Director Qi understood and quickly said,"then we have to be careful. Don't let the other party die. At the critical moment, we can give up on other things. However, we must capture this person with the physical Dao Meridian. It's best if we can capture him alive!"
 "I've been observing and researching your research recently. I've also realized that there's one thing missing-the physical Dao Meridian!"
 "Other than that, I'm still lacking a Dao Meridian, the spiritual Dao Meridian!"
 He looked at Li Hao."Momentum is momentum. Spirit is spirit ... Of course, this can be studied later. However, the physical Dao Meridian is indeed essential!"
 "That's right!" Li Hao nodded."Therefore, even if I have to give up some things, I have to catch this guy first!"
 "I should!"
 Director Qi nodded. Zhang an just looked at them and didn't say much. He wasn't really interested, but he knew that once the physical Dao Meridian was discovered, it might completely change the situation.
 At least, there was a slight change. A non-attribute cultivator could be on par with a neo martial artist!
 This was a great discovery ... However, in his opinion, Li Hao didn't need to do this. As long as he kept opening his Dao meridians, he would discover it sooner or later. It was only a matter of time.

 "All your Dao meridians have been opened, so there won't be any problems.
 Li Hao didn't say anything more. With a wave of his hand, a large number of storage rings flew into his hand. They were all divine power stones used to mine the mine behind him. There were at least hundreds of millions of divine power stones!
 Then, another piece of divine text appeared. It was the "Dao" divine text. Li Hao had already taken it out of the bright star sector. He only needed to confirm the identity of the person. As for killing him through the bright star sector ... There was no need.
 Li Hao was afraid that the other party would notice that something was wrong and he would self-destruct, which would be a great loss.
 The divine text appeared, and Li Hao handed it over to Zhang an.""Senior, this divine text represents the great Dao of heaven and earth. Once you place it in your body, you won't need me to help you open your domain."
 "This ... You leave it to me?"
 Zhang an was stunned!
 You really don't treat me as an outsider. I've shattered you, so just cry!
 Li Hao laughed."Basic trust is still necessary. I'm counting on senior's help, but I don't trust him ... Isn't that like slapping my own face?"
 Zhang an, who was usually serious, laughed."But if I take this divine rune away ... Many of your plans will not be able to be realized. I know the importance of this divine rune!"
  The creation of heaven and earth in this divine text was perhaps a reward for Li Hao's discovery of the bright star sector, or it was because he had spared no effort in promoting the new path, so the great Dao of heaven and earth felt that he deserved it.
 Without this thing, many things would be very troublesome, such as creating a physical body.
 Moreover, with this thing, Zhang an could avoid being cut by heaven and earth. This was also a great weapon. Li Hao was really bold.
 "Senior, if you like it, you can take it!" Li Hao smiled.
 "You think I'll be polite?"
 "If you really give it to me, I'll really take it!" Zhang an said lightly.
 Who are you pretending to be magnanimous to?
 If you give it to me, I'll take it!
 Li Hao smiled."Sure ... It doesn't matter if you take it away, senior. However, if you take this Dao text away, you might have to bear a certain responsibility. For example ... Make the new Dao stronger!" If it doesn't work, the great Dao will dissipate on its own. Senior, you must understand that this is a Dao text rewarded by the heavens and earth, and also the bright star realm's great Dao text. It's a reward for the new Dao to spread in the human world. Once the new Dao is destroyed or disappeared, it will dissipate on its own. "
 Zhang an's heart trembled slightly. This ... Also represented a kind of responsibility?
 After thinking about it carefully, it made sense.
 He glanced at Li Hao for a while, then smiled.""Then forget it. I'm not the kind of person who likes to take on too many responsibilities. I'll leave this kind of thing to you!"
 Li Hao laughed,"senior, don't think that I'm bluffing. This is the truth!" This divine rune was a form of assistance, but it was also a form of responsibility! At the very least, it has to shoulder the responsibility of promoting the new Dao...I actually wish that someone would take it away, so troublesome!"
 Zhang an didn't say anything else.
 Sometimes, strength didn't mean that one could take on any responsibility. For example, promoting the new Dao. Forget it, he wasn't in the mood for it.
 He pressed the Holy prose into his body and threw away his physical body, which could also avoid the space cutting.
 However, with the addition of his physical body, the protective power of the Holy prose was not enough.
 "Do you need me to make a move from the start?"
  "No need! Unless the other party has a true Saint, you don't have to do anything. Otherwise, if a Saint makes a move, you might scare them!"  "En!"
 Zhang an didn't say anything else.
 Soon, the group of people walked out of the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 ……
 At this point, almost all of Li Hao's high-end combat forces had been mobilized.
 At this moment, Li Hao only left Chen Yao and a few others to guard the stellarsky city. The rest of the people were all taken away.
 He even took Dao Jian and the others away.
 More and more people started to gather.
 Jiang Li grew even more solemn. At this moment, he had a vague feeling that ... Li Hao might have been targeting the Western divine Kingdom from the very beginning. He was well-prepared and had a great army!
 It was not like this when they were dealing with the Li Dynasty.
 ……
 - Western continent-
 As the divine Kingdom of the West got closer and closer, the entire West was in turmoil. The Western Duke of the an nation had died in stellarsky city. Now, the old father of the Duke of the an nation had personally taken charge of the an Nation Estate.
 The entire Western continent was very nervous.
 The divine Kingdom of the West was very powerful.
 In the North, Li Hao and the people of the star military governor's office had gone to help, which was why they had been able to stabilize their position. It was said that the Western divine Kingdom was even more powerful than the Li Dynasty. How could the Western continent's major provinces resist them?
 The night was mesmerizing.
  However, at this moment, in the Western continent, quelling Duke Manor.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Even those who were previously hostile to each other had gathered together and no longer had the mood to be hostile to each other.
 In the hall, someone said nervously, Li Hao, didn't you say that the star military governor's office would come to help? Where was he? They had fought until now and had not dealt with the Li Dynasty, so how could they support the three sides? That's all bullshit!"
 "He wants us to resist ... How are we going to resist? It's said that the gods of the Western divine Kingdom have been resurrected, and all of them have the power of the so-called seventh level of the mountain sea realm and above. They're even more powerful than the seven divine abilities of the past!"
 "Our Western continent has quite a few provinces, but can we even gather five people at the seventh level of the mountain sea realm?"
 “……”
 All the experts felt hopeless and helpless.
 "We should ask for help from the star military governor's office," someone quickly said."Maybe ... They can come?"
 "I think we should forget about it ... If we really can't do it, we should just submit to that divine Kingdom ..."
 "Bullsh * t, we're from heavenstar ... And it's said that their faith is extremely terrifying. If you don't believe in a God, you'll be killed ..."

