fileno%d
military governor's office.
 When Yuan Shuo and the Jade lightsaber entered the room, Li Hao was also speechless.
 What a coincidence that my master came.
 We've finished splitting the loot and you're here.
 "Even if you came three days earlier, you'll still get your benefits. Yes, it's been three days since the undying tree was killed, and Yuan Shuo only came.
 "Teacher!"
 Yuan Shuo glanced at Li Hao and nodded slightly."Not bad!"
 Li Hao, on the other hand, glanced at Yuan Shuo, his eyes flickering. He seemed to be stronger than before. His teacher had improved quite a bit these days.
 Yuan Shuo didn't say much and treated this place as his own home.
 He went straight to the government office and said,""You've unlocked the SuperLock?"
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Yes."
 "You're too anxious!"Yuan Shuo sighed.
 "The enemy is too strong."
 "That's true. "
 Yuan Shuo nodded his head. He was indeed very strong, but it had something to do with him being too anxious. This disciple of his was always anxious.
 "Just wait for a few days. I might be able to help you recover to the level of a Martial Master."
 Yuan Shuo was still a little unwilling and regretful.
 "Teacher, is that important?" Li Hao smiled.
 The last time they had talked, Yuan Shuo had already had a feeling that Li Hao was going to break the Super Lock.
 He just didn't expect it to be so fast.
 He was still thinking that if he had come out earlier, this fellow might not have broken.
 Yuan Shuo walked to the main hall of the mansion, sat down, and took a sip of tea.
 "It's uncle-master Southern Fist 's. "
 Yuan Shuo shot a glance at Li Hao."This place has become his home?"
 “……”
 Li Hao laughed and stopped talking.
 Yuan Shuo didn't mind and continued to drink his tea. After a while, he spat,""Did this guy, Nanquan, not brush his teeth?"
 “……”
 Li Hao smiled.
 Yuan Shuo didn't try to be pretentious and said,""Last time, you told me that you wanted to solve the problem of fusing the mysterious energy into your body. I can see that there is only a thin layer of mysterious energy overflowing from your body. Has this problem been solved?"
 Li Hao nodded."It's been resolved. I was just about to tell my teacher. It's just that I haven't been able to contact him."
 Yuan Shuo pondered for a moment and slowly said,""You said before that force and mystery can coexist. Have you done it now?"
 He looked at Li Hao and frowned."I didn't sense the existence of Shi. In fact, it doesn't matter whether it's inner strength or mysterious energy. The key to our generation of martial masters is Shi!"  "Didn't you say that only those who have inner strength are martial masters? Martial masters don't care about these things. Let's put it this way, martial arts have been developed for more than a thousand years in this era, and it has existed since the beginning of the Xingyuan calendar. "
 "Generation after generation, they continued to reform and finally created momentum ... It can be said that this is the crystallization of the Silvermoon people's wisdom over a thousand years."
 "I've found the most suitable cultivation method for the human race."
 Yuan Shuo began to explain the origin of martial arts to Li Hao."After the extinction of the ancient civilization, the Silver Moon went through a lot of twists and turns. There was even a great extinction era. It was not until the beginning of the star origin calendar that a new civilization was established.
 "At that time, in order to adapt to the harsh environment, you have to know that there is no energy in the world. In the end of the martial world, it was very difficult to become a strong person. Later, people discovered that Shi did not need energy!"
 "This is a unique system to deal with the end of the martial world and the era of no energy!"
 Li Hao's heart moved.
 Momentum did not require energy.
 In fact, martial masters needed it, but without energy, they could still rely on food to nourish their flesh.
 "As long as your Shi is still there, you're still a Martial Master ..." He said.
 "Yes!" Li Hao nodded.
 Yuan Shuo's heart skipped a beat. Li Hao said,""I've fused all the energy together to form a special type of energy. The force is still there ..."
 "Let me see!"
 Yuan Shuo quickly looked at Li Hao. Li Hao didn't say anything, and a fire appeared.
 A "fire" character floated in front of Yuan Shuo.
 Yuan Shuo's eyes flickered as he quickly caught it.
 BOOM!
 A fire burst out and a fierce tiger roared. Yuan Shuo frowned slightly and reached out his hand. A giant ape appeared.
 BOOM!
 The fierce tiger and the giant ape collided. Yuan Shuo was obviously no match for them. However, the next moment, the giant ape suddenly swelled up. In an instant, a black bear and a deer ... Appeared one after another. In the blink of an eye, they formed a strange monster.
 This time, the David's deer monster instantly burst out with a powerful strength. The five Forces instantly merged into one, and with a loud bang, it suppressed the Tiger!
 Yuan Shuo gasped for breath. Seeing that the ferocious Tiger was no longer struggling, he laughed and looked at Li Hao."Interesting!"
  "This is the ancient civilization's star suppression technique, right?"
 After saying that, he grabbed the divine text in confusion. Li Hao also controlled the Tiger, or it would have to struggle.
 Yuan Shuo didn't stand on ceremony and even used his divine intent and force to observe.
 "This is interesting. Mysterious energy, inner strength, blood essence, divine intent, force ... All of these things that are unrelated to each other have actually fused together to form this thing."
 "Momentum is the key ... It is the key to bear everything ... Momentum is like the great Dao, without momentum and without text ..."
 He observed carefully and sensed silently.
 Li Hao allowed him to explore.
 It was Yuan Shuo's style to observe the divine text without saying anything when his teacher was here.
 Li Hao didn't pay any attention to him. He waved at the aquamarine light sword and said with a smile,""Uncle-master bi Guang, did you get the remaining part of the sword manual for the Azure light sword?"
 Li Hao took a look at the strength of the Jade light sword and found that it had improved a lot.

 However, strictly speaking, he had barely entered the stage where the SuperLock was about to be filled. In other words, he had just reached the peak of the Martial Master realm and wasn't too strong. Even if he broke the SuperLock now, he might only barely be able to step into the God art realm ... The very kind that might not even succeed.
 Of course, compared to a few months ago, he had improved a lot.
 The Jade lightsaber was a little cold, but it was still polite to Li Hao. It nodded slightly and said,"Yes, but it's not suitable for the current me. Your master said he wanted to modify it, but it hasn't been successful yet."
 Transformation ...
 You dare to believe it?
 Of course, after some thought, Li Hao believed that it was normal. Yuan Shuo was quite good at this.
 It was still better than modifying the Azure light sword himself.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo said,""You should still have a few more words. Show them to me ..."
 "Teacher, it's all showing ... You can't subdue it."
 “……”
  Yuan Shuo turned to look at him, and Li Hao looked back at him. After about three seconds, Li Hao summoned the other divine runes, and Yuan Shuo ... Gritted his teeth and unleashed his full power, beating up the divine runes that Li Hao had weakened. Only then did he finally vent his anger.
 Li Hao laughed and ignored him.
 He and jadesword were drinking tea at the side.
 The two of them chatted casually, not talking about any serious matters. Yuan Shuo, on the other hand, began to investigate again. The divine text was actually very simple. For someone like Yuan Shuo, he should have been able to see through it instantly.
 However, Yuan Shuo had been watching it all this time, and no one knew what he was studying.
 Li Hao could actually be considered knowledgeable now. It was just that he didn't have much experience. However, he didn't disturb Yuan Shuo at this time. Perhaps his teacher was thinking about whether he should convert himself?
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 Yuan Shuo studied it carefully and even squeezed his Shi into the divine text ...
 That feeling ... It was very uncomfortable.
 The divine text was actually an incarnation of the original body. Yuan Shuo forced his way in with his Shi ... Well, it was a little embarrassing, but Li Hao was a little helpless. What was his teacher doing?
 Yuan Shuo had occupied The Magpie's Nest and used his own Five Forces to beat up the Tiger, to the point that the Tiger was about to turn hostile.
 "You can't do this!"
 Yuan Shuo frowned."You're doing this. One Shi, one Wen. How much Shi do you need to comprehend?"
 "If you want to improve quickly, I suggest you get rid of the other forces, leave one force, and use it to transform into ten thousand forces ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Martial uncle Hong is like this!"
 "This method is terrible!"
 "I was just saying," Yuan Shuo quickly shouted,"you can't do that!"
 “……”
  Li Hao almost couldn't hold it in. Just now, you said you wanted to cripple the other forces.  However, his teacher's thoughts were indeed the same as Hong Yitang 'S. Li Hao wanted to laugh, but it was a coincidence.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo had also finished reading. He pondered for a moment and said,""Although the method is simple and even a little rough ... I have to say that using force to bear everything and merge it into magical text is quite creative. It's pretty good to refer to the blood saber technique and the star suppression absolute art!"
 He rarely complimented others, but this time, he did.
 He sat on the chair and thought for a while, then said,""This way, some of the barriers between martial masters and superpowers can be opened, and the two paths can be combined."
 After saying this, he fell into deep thought.
 There was no sound for a long time.
 Li Hao and the Jade light sword could only wait.
 Yuan Shuo was quiet for at least half an hour.
 Half an hour later, he suddenly asked,"have you tried to connect with the heavenly trend?"
 Li Hao was stunned. What heavenly trend?
 Yuan Shuo looked at him. Seeing that Li Hao seemed to be at a loss, he immediately frowned. "I've told you about the breathing technique of five birds and the modified secret technique of five birds. Didn't you refer to it?"
 Li Hao was silent.
 "Perhaps ... You think that my secret technique of five birds is not as good as the secret techniques of the ancient civilization. You think that a modern person can't modify a secret technique that is more powerful than the secret techniques of the ancient civilization, right?" Yuan Shuo sighed.
 "No..." Li Hao hurriedly replied.
 "There are!"
 Yuan Shuo laughed."Actually, there's nothing wrong with it. The limit of my secret technique of five birds is spirit integration. However, the limit of the secret technique of the ancient civilization is in the sky! One is in the sky and the other is on the ground ... How can you be interested?"
 “……”
  "Teacher, I really didn't mean that," Li Hao said helplessly.
 "But ..." Yuan Shuo did not mind."You have to remember one thing. My secret skill of five birds is not as real as the ancient book, but it's definitely the most suitable for today's heaven and earth and the human race!"
 He admitted that his secret skill was not as good as the ancient secret skill. There was nothing to say about that.
 However, his secret skill was definitely more suitable for the current human race.
 "Shi?" Yuan Shuo frowned."I've told you before that Shi doesn't exist on its own. It exists within the world and can summon the wind and rain. It's like a divine ability. Everything in the world is a manifestation of Shi!"
 "Dao is not human ... You have to know that you haven't reached that stage, so you can't achieve Dao alone!"
 He looked at Li Hao."I'm actually very pleased that you've improved your cultivation technique and created divine text. You have your own thoughts and ideas. It's really good. However, your teacher won't harm you ... The key to the secret technique of five birds lies in one point, which is to integrate force with the heaven and earth!"
 He looked at Li Hao."The so-called 'those who get what they want get more help' is actually related to the cultivation of martial masters and Shi."
 "Don't keep hiding your Shi ... Hiding your Shi might have its advantages, but it also has its disadvantages ..."
 "You have to know that you were born in heaven and earth, and you will eventually return to heaven and earth. After the death of a Martial Master, the power will disperse in heaven and earth, and the later generations will comprehend the power ..."

 At this point, Li Hao seemed to have gained some insight. He looked at Yuan Shuo and pondered for a while before saying,""Teacher, you mean ..."
 "Nature!"
 "The Dao is natural!"
 "You're a little independent, but you haven't reached that stage yet. You have to understand that this world is stronger than you!" He's much more natural than you. "
 "You're always hiding your Shi. This isn't good. Soul Fusion ... Can only fuse with the body. Last time, I let you fuse with the superpower lock in your body, but it was swallowed. You should make some changes and not fuse with the soul anymore. You need to change a vessel to fuse with the soul ..."
 "No, teacher," Li Hao explained."My Shi discovered the double space of the human body where the SuperLock is located. I recently integrated my Shi into it ..."
 Yuan Shuo was slightly stunned.
 Li Hao quickly explained.
 Yuan Shuo fell into deep thought again. The double dimension, the space where the SuperLock was.
 He had underestimated his disciple earlier.
  After a long while, Yuan Shuo finally said,"hiding the spirit and aperture ... Makes sense. But it's not suitable for you now. I suggest you keep your Shi outside."
 "Keep them outside?"
 Yuan Shuo reached out his hand, and a flame rose up. The next moment, rain fell. He nodded and said,""It's kept outside, in the world! Merge into the world!"
 "I'll carefully study the two layer space you mentioned. I don't have any experience in this area yet, but I do have the experience of nurturing force."
 He explained to Li Hao,"in the world, there is wind, fire, water ... All of these are the source of force." The great momentum of the world is the strongest momentum. Your momentum is only a part of the vast momentum ... You must use your heart to comprehend it and integrate it into it, becoming a part of the world!"
 "Especially now ... That's even better!"
 He laughed."You've actually fused it into divine text. This way, not only will it be much easier to nurture power, but you can also nurture other things." Your Shi is still not strong enough!"
 "How do I melt it?"
 Li Hao still didn't quite understand. Yuan Shuo explained,""When you were trying to comprehend the terrain, did you feel the earth's fluctuations, a kind of rhythm ..."
 Li Hao nodded.
 "Isn't that the end of it?"
 Yuan Shuo laughed."You've entered this state again. You're going with the flow and integrating your terrain into this rhythm. From now on, you're a part of the earth."
 After he finished speaking, he waved his hand, and a murderous aura burst out.""Look, this is the metal force! My Shi has recently merged with the world. I've actually told you about it when I taught you the breathing technique of five birds, but I wasn't too clear about it at the time, and you didn't pay much attention to it ..."
 Li Hao was embarrassed. I wouldn't study it seriously.
 "Also, I can feel that your Shi is showing signs of fusion,"
 "Did you learn something?" Yuan Shuo asked curiously."I feel like there are signs of a forced fusion."  Li Hao knew that this had something to do with the yuan Ping anecdote. He had indeed tried to fuse them by force, but he had never succeeded.
 Seeing Li Hao's expression, Yuan Shuo knew that he had guessed correctly.
 However, Li Hao couldn't disclose this information to the outside world, as there were restrictions to it.
 Yuan Shuo didn't care about this and said again,""This fusion of yours ... Is a little forceful, but it's a good sign. After you've fused your force into the heaven and earth, it's actually very easy to complete the fusion. With this Foundation, you should try to understand why wind, fire, water, and electricity co-exist in the heaven and earth."
 "How do these forces of nature co-exist?"
 "Bring yourself into the world. You have to learn to imagine and bring yourself into it. If you are the world itself, how can you reasonably integrate all these natural things into your body?"
 Li Hao kept nodding.
 Yuan Shuo rolled his eyes,"why are you nodding?" Why don't you give it a try!"
 Li Hao was embarrassed!
 His teacher's temper wasn't too good recently. He wasn't charitable at all.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But ... Should he give it a try?
 Li Hao thought for a moment and glanced at the five divine characters. The word "earth" might be more suitable.
 Merging with the world ... And comprehending the Earth's ripples?
 As he thought about this, he recalled the time he had comprehended Earth Force and closed his eyes in deep thought.
 Gradually, the divine text of the word "earth" began to fluctuate. At this moment, it also guided the earth. At this moment, the ground in the Heavenly Star military governor's office seemed to be shaking. However, ordinary people could not feel it, but some martial masters and powerful people seemed to have sensed something.
  The ground was fluctuating rhythmically.
 As for Li Hao, he seemed to have seen something special. The earth was shaking as if it was breathing.
 But ... Where should he hide his Holy prose?
 Yuan Shuo's voice rang in her ears again,""Follow the Earth's ripples. Your divine text is a part of them, and it will ripple as well. Follow the ripples, and the divine text will naturally fuse into it ..."
 Li Hao was deep in thought, and his divine text began to fluctuate.
 After an unknown period of time, the fluctuations of the divine runes and the earth's fluctuations mixed together. Gradually, these fluctuations disappeared. Li Hao opened his eyes. The divine runes of the earth had disappeared from his body.
 However, he seemed to be able to sense the divine runes under his feet. Li Hao wasn't sure exactly where they were. They could be underground, or flowing everywhere with the fluctuations.
 It was very interesting!
 Li Hao had never tried it before, but at this moment, he felt that he had truly become one with the earth.
 He moved his feet and suddenly disappeared. When he reappeared, he was in front of the hall.

 Li Hao was stunned.
 Earth escape!
 This was for superhumans, but in the past, Li Hao didn't know how to do it. He didn't think much about it, because superhumans themselves didn't know how to do it either. They just did it naturally.
 He felt that he might have directly entered the divine power realm later on and become a divine power, so there were no special effects.
 But now, Li Hao understood.
 It wasn't that he didn't have any, but he didn't know enough about superpowers.
 He actually knew how to burrow!
 Yuan Shuo laughed,"this is the real divine text, the divine power!" Your Shi has been sealed by yourself before, so how can you know a god art? Is the so-called divine ability just pure explosive power?"
 "You're too narrow-minded!"
 Yuan Shuo shook his head and said,"the earth escape technique is only the most basic!" Do you know how long it took me to get here from Silver Moon? One day! If it wasn't for the fact that the green light was too slow, I would have to take her with me. I could cross mountains, earth, water ... In half a day at most, I would be able to cross a distance of 10000 li!"
  "This is what a divine ability is!"
 Yuan Shuo was a little unhappy with his current sacred art and said in disdain,""The name" divine power "is actually very good! This realm should be called the divine power realm! However, at this point in time, these superpowers are pursuing explosive power instead and have forgotten the essence of superpowers!"
 "Explosive power is the foundation, and the core is the divine ability ... The infinite changes are the true divine ability! If you don't merge with nature, how can you become a Divine Art? It's fine when you're weak, but you can't when you're strong. Do you know why?"
 Li Hao was stunned."That's right. An expert with magical powers. I found that ... They don't use earth or wood escape techniques anymore. Why ... Is that so?"
 "Because their self-consciousness has become stronger!"
 p Yuan Shuo explained once more,"in the past, they can't control their potential. However, when they reach the divine power level, they can control some of their potential. However, once they control it, it goes against nature! Superpowers had no power, but that didn't mean they didn't have Dao! They also have their own DAOs, but at this stage, the more everyone wants to control themselves, the more it goes against the great Dao!"  Li Hao nodded.
 "Teacher," he suddenly laughed,"so you mean, if I can merge with them, I can be ever-changing ... And omnipotent?"
 "The prerequisite is that you must grasp countless types of Shi!"
 Yuan Shuo laughed as well."Try the other divine texts. Also, after you've fused them all, try to fuse them together ... It's just natural. Look at how the earth and water blend together, how the earth and plants blend together, how light and darkness alternate ..."
 Li Hao kept nodding.
 Every time his teacher appeared, he would always give him some new inspiration.
 He began to try to merge his divine text into the world.
 Gradually, Li Hao found it novel.
 When his five divine runes merged with heaven and earth, he suddenly realized that a sealed space had formed around him. It was the five elements space.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth all existed in the surroundings.
 With a thought, he seemed to be isolated.
 With another thought, Li Hao disappeared from his spot. The ground trembled in front of him. With a flash, he disappeared. When he reappeared, he was already at the entrance of the patrol office.
 Chen Zhongtian appeared in an instant. He was surprised to see Li Hao.
  Li Hao also looked at Chen Zhongtian. Chen Zhongtian was just about to greet him, but in the blink of an eye ... Li Hao was gone.  "What's the situation?"
 "Space?" he was stunned.
 It was wrong!
 He frowned and sensed for a while. He was a little puzzled.
 I don't understand!
 Li Hao couldn't have improved again, right?
 ……
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had returned to the star military governor's office.
 Yuan Shuo had already started to drink his tea.
 Li Hao was still a little confused."Teacher ... This ... Is so strange. After the five elements are merged, it's a little ..."
 "Domain!"
 Yuan Shuo laughed,"do you feel like you're trapped in a small world? don't think too much. This is the domain in my eyes!" In my eyes, this is my own world!"
 "Inner world?"
 Li Hao muttered to himself.
 Yuan Shuo was stunned and shook his head."It's not the inner world. I've heard of the inner world before. It's the path taken by the ancient kings. If we were to count ... It's only the outer world! You're so weak, how can you have an inner world? can you build your own world? Then you're no longer a weakling, but an ancient king!"
 "You can also call it outer world or domain. You can merge your Shi with the world and build your own domain ... Then, you can gradually expand this domain. This is the process of your Shi becoming stronger. When your Shi can occupy the entire world and turn it into your own ... Well, that will be your inner world!"
 “……”
 "Invade the entire world?" Li Hao was somewhat shocked.
  "What's wrong?"
 "You can 't?" Yuan Shuo laughed. That's your goal, and you don't really want to achieve it. Just go for that goal!"
 He had only set a goal and did not really want to occupy the entire heaven and earth.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was in a daze.
 The inner world, the outer world, the domain, and the double space of the human body ...
 At this moment, all sorts of complicated thoughts rose in his mind.
 Yuan Shuo continued,"you must aim for this goal. For example, your Holy prose of light can turn into the sun in the future! Your dark-type divine text becomes the moon, your fire-type divine text becomes the fire of the world, your wood-type divine text becomes the wood of the world, your earth-type divine text becomes the earth ..."
 Li Hao's mind was shaken.
 Was this ... Really possible?
 Inner world ... It was said that the ancient king had created an inner world. As for his teacher's words, they had this hidden meaning.

 Yuan Shuo continued,"your way of divine text is very interesting and creative. You have to develop its uses more. You can't just become stronger by condensing more divine text. You don't even understand the current function of the divine text. How are you going to develop it? The foundation must be stable! Don't be in a hurry to develop new divine text ..."
 "The five elements form a very small Foundation for a cycle. First, you have to lay a solid foundation. Then, you'll realize that even if you have the same five elements, you can beat someone with seven, eight, or nine elements ..."
 "Teacher, you ... What kind of existences can you fight now?" Li Hao couldn't help but ask.
 "I'm just completing a minor five-element cycle. "
 "However, I'm still limited to the fusion of the five Forces and the Super Lock. In terms of strength, I'm only at the ninth Meridian, which is probably the same as the light sword and the others before they broke their meridians. However, I'm not afraid of ordinary divine powers!"
 Last time, he could barely resist the sacred art, but he didn't feel that his strength had improved much.
 However, when he said that he was only at the level of 9 meridians being filled, Li Hao was a little surprised. One must know that Yao si and the others had 11 meridians full before. Without unsealing them, they could only barely deal with some magical powers.
 "But you've inspired me ..." Yuan Shuo continued."That's how martial arts is. You improve, and so do I. We'll improve together and absorb each other's strengths. That's how we'll have more room for improvement."
 Yuan Shuo thought for a moment."I'll try it next. I might not be the same as you guys. Anyway, you'll know once you try."
 Li Hao nodded.
  He was a little excited.
 Domain!
 At this moment, he didn't care whether his teacher would try to do it or not. In any case, with him around, no one would dare to provoke his teacher. What he wanted to see was whether he could fuse the five Forces into a small domain ... And whether it would be able to trap an expert?
 As for the fusion ... His teacher had also said that as long as he comprehended more, he would be able to combine the five Forces. Perhaps he would be able to complete the fusion of the five Forces very quickly.
 "Teacher, then my sword force ..."
 Yuan Shuo laughed,"thinking that the sword momentum is useless?" Don't think too much. You're far from the venerable sovereigns in the ancient civilization, but sword aura is still very useful. Sword aura is the main attack, one sword for the world, one sword for the realm, it can trap, kill, and defend ... I think it's quite suitable for you to develop in all aspects!"
 Li Hao kept nodding.
 "The key now is still the problem of the body ..."
 "En!"
 This time, Yuan Shuo nodded,"my five birds breathing technique can actually strengthen the body, but it's too slow at the current stage!" The double space of the human body that you mentioned might be the key. "
 "I'll need time to think about it and verify it. "
 At this point, Yuan Shuo thought for a moment and said,""Then I'll stay here for a while. Give me 500 drops of the spring of life and I'll try to study it."
 “……”
 "Teacher, you're really ..." Li Hao smiled bitterly.  What a big appetite!
 Yuan Shuo laughed and said,"research is very costly!" "It's fine usually, but now that I think about it, you've spent a lot of resources on those guys from the southern Fist. It's a waste. You might as well let me study it. Perhaps the effect will be better. "
 Li Hao was speechless. He nodded."Then I'll get 500 drops as soon as possible."
 This guy was really rich!
 Yuan Shuo also secretly ridiculed, what a rich man!
 He used to be so poor, but now he was so rich?
 "I heard that you're in a hurry to attack Fengyun Pavilion. Don't be in a hurry ..."
 "First, you should work on your own small domain. If you succeed, you'll have a greater chance." There's one more thing ... Wait for me to succeed. When you're about to make your move, call me. I want to try as well. "
 Li Hao chuckled and nodded.
 The master and disciple had been talking about this the entire time, and when they were done, Yuan Shuo's mouth was dry as well. He then thought of someone and looked at the Azure light sword,"In the next few days, let Li Hao help you fill up the superpower lock in your body. Don't rush to convert it into divine text. It doesn't make much sense to convert it when you're weak."
 "The key is still momentum. If momentum is not strong, nothing is strong! "You have to try to merge your sword force with the heaven and earth ... Once you strengthen your force, you'll be able to become stronger very quickly. Don't look at how strong Southern Fist and the others are now. They don't understand the key points and only know how to cultivate blindly."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Bi liangjian smiled and nodded.
 Li Hao glanced at his teacher, then at the Azure light sword. The old man was quite concerned about the Azure light sword, but as for me ... Other than coming out of seclusion to take a look, he didn't pay any attention to me, not even to my messages.
  Just as he was thinking, Liu Long came in from outside and said in a deep voice,"Governor, professor Yuan, there's a visitor outside."
 Yuan Shuo was slightly stunned. What does it have to do with me?
 "It's yuan xingwu!"
 Yuan Shuo frowned slightly and fell silent.
 Li Hao didn't say anything, either.
 Yuan xingwu!
 After a long time, Yuan Shuo calmly said,"let him go!" Back then, he had chosen this path, and it had been rather smooth. The court martial was still powerful, and Qi Pingjiang was also an expert at the peak of the six elements. Since he had chosen this path ... Then he would continue down this path! You don't need to worry about us. It'll be awkward if we meet. Those who betray their Masters won't have a good end in the martial arts world. "
 "Teacher ..."
 Li Hao looked at Yuan Shuo. Yuan Shuo sighed and shook his head."I know what you're thinking. The military law Division and the star military governor's office can't co-exist! He was overestimating himself and wanted to be the middleman ... There was no need to pay attention to him! I will only give you some reminders and suggestions. Even if it's you, you don't have to pay attention to me when you walk your own path in the future. "
 "I'm just your teacher, not your parents. Even if it's your parents ... I won't interfere with your own choices!"

 "Send me to the ruins, I'll go there to cultivate," he said with a smile.
 Li Hao had mentioned killing the monster plant just now. Otherwise, he would not have asked for 500 drops without showing any shock. Perhaps Yuan Shuo thought that Li Hao should have such a reaction after creating the divine text.
 Li Hao nodded.
 Liu Long didn't ask any more questions and quickly left.
 ……
 At the entrance of the governor's office.
 When Yuan xingwu heard the answer, he sighed, slightly bowed, turned around and left.
 His master didn't want to see him.
 The military law Department hoped to negotiate with his master and Junior Brother through him, but it didn't seem to work.
 He turned around and glanced at the star military governor's office with a slightly complicated expression.
  Among the nine divisions, the military law Division was considered fair and just. He felt that if his Junior Brother joined forces with the military law Division, it might be more appropriate to get rid of the royal family first. The military law Division also had a large number of strong people who had risen from the ordinary class.
 However, his Junior Brother and master didn't seem to think so.
 ……
 Li Hao sent Yuan Shuo into the remains, not caring about how Yuan Shuo and little tree got along. His teacher had experience in this area.
 As for the aquamarine light sword, Li Hao simply provided some training resources. The sword seemed to be more willing to follow its teacher's wishes and was not willing to switch to divine text at this moment. Li Hao did not have any objections.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was studying domains.
 It was very interesting!
 His teacher always brought him some surprises.
 The five types of Shi merged with heaven and earth. Between heaven and earth, the five elements energy seemed to be naturally under his control. However, at this moment, the range was very small.
 Moreover, Li Hao discovered that when the domain formed by the five elements divine runes enveloped the surroundings, it felt like a relic. It was the kind of domain that isolated everything and could even unleash powerful strength.
 Very quickly, Li Hao found director Zhou.
 Recently, director Zhou had been very busy and he felt a little uncomfortable. As the space wasn't strong, he had to defend against the cutting of space.
 "Director Zhou, come closer to me!"
 Director Zhou was suspicious, but he still approached Li Hao.
 The next moment, he looked around in confusion and surprise. Everything was the same, but he felt like he had entered a ruin. What was going on?
 The space was no longer cutting him.
 Li Hao also felt that something was off.
 The ruins seemed to be the same, it felt like they were isolated from space.  Of course, that was due to the ancient civilization or the ruin itself being very powerful.
 ,m In the next moment, the small domain started to shrink. Director Zhou was trapped within and frowned.  "Director Zhou, open it and take a look!"
 Zhou Chuan no longer held back and threw a punch. There was a loud boom. There was nothing around him, but the sound of metal breaking could be heard.
 The power of the five elements spread out. Director Zhou let out a breath and once again felt the space being cut.
 As for Li Hao, he sensed it and frowned.
 The five Forces had yet to fuse together, and with some gaps, the domain could easily be shattered.
 It didn't matter. Once the fusion was successful, Li Hao felt that this small domain would be able to trap director Zhou.
 It was as if he had just received a new toy. He quickly disappeared and continued to play.
 Director Zhou looked at him leave and then at the back courtyard. He knew that Yuan Shuo probably said something.
 He sighed with emotion.
 This master-disciple pair, one daring to think and one daring to do, Li Hao had come up with new tricks.
 It was a terrifying thing to be their enemy.
 "His body is weak, but if that thing can be used as a defensive shield, the problem of his weak body can be solved for the time being ... In that case, Li Hao is almost invincible outside!"
 It wasn't a simple defense of a godly weapon, but a natural shield formed by the power of heaven and earth. It could block the cutting of space. In this way, Li Hao could go all out, while the others had to resist the power of space. Even seven-element cultivators would be suppressed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com When fighting with Li Hao outside ... Li Hao was able to suppress almost everyone.
 How long has it been?
  Director Zhou sighed in his heart. Now, the only ones that could threaten Li Hao were those from the ancient civilization.
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the western suburbs, Yuanping martial arts university.
 Hei Teng looked up at the sky as if he could see through the world and the outside world. After a long time, he slowly said,"Has he become stronger again?"
 Li Hao seemed to have perfected a new Dao.
 Even though this Dao was still too weak in his opinion.
 However, there seemed to be some slight changes in the outside world.
 Things were getting more and more interesting!
 Hei Teng laughed silently. A new era, a new atmosphere. He wondered how this era would end.

 These days, Li Hao did not cause trouble. Before the second recovery, almost no one dared to cause trouble.
 Even the so-called top three would not dare to take the initiative to cause trouble.
 Of course, according to the rankings of Fengyun Pavilion, something might really happen. Li Hao was the first, and almost half of the Silver Moon martial masters in the top twenty were afraid of him.
 But now ... Li Hao, who was at the peak of six elements, didn't seem to be that scary.
 Don't forget, the first three all had seven elements.
 Therefore, when Li Hao stopped causing trouble and focused on condensing his own domain, the world was at peace.
 ……
 However, this was only relative.
 In fact, the star dynasty was getting more and more chaotic.
 In November, other than the South, which was slightly warmer, the other places in the star dynasty were already freezing cold.
  The crisis of the supernatural turbulence was completely exposed.
 On the market, the price of food was rising rapidly. In the midst of the chaos, the number of refugees had begun to increase. Tomorrow, Heavenly Star City was still as prosperous as ever, but the residents of Heavenly Star City had also begun to feel the pressure of life.
 At this time, the civilians were no longer interested in any turmoil or disputes between the strong.
 Everyone ... Only wanted to live.
 Suburbs of Sky Star City.
 Hong Yitang was walking on the broken Street. He had been busy with fighting and killing recently, so he didn't have time to take care of the sky Star Martial Arts Academy.
 At this moment, he was not here for the sky Star Martial Arts Academy.
 He walked on the streets. This was probably the slums of stellarsky city. It seemed a little dilapidated and didn't fit in with the bustling city.
 There were children running on the streets.
 It was close to the end of the year, but they did not feel any warmth here. There was only cold. The children were dressed in thin clothes. They were in the bustling capital, but they looked pale and thin.
 Hong Yitang watched silently.
 He had been too busy recently, busy killing people and fighting. He didn't even have time to carry out some of his ideas.
 But today, he still took the time to walk out.
 He walked to the front of a grain store and listened to the residents asking about the price. One Jin of rice was actually priced at 5 star dollars!
 Hong Yitang frowned slightly.
 What did 5 star dollars mean?
 Li Hao, an official member of the inspection Division, had only received a salary of a little more than a thousand, two to three hundred catties of rice back in Silver City!
 p Of course, the salary in the capital was slightly higher, but ... Even if it was two to three thousand Yuan, it would only be five hundred Jin of rice. This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Living in the capital was not only about food.
 Was that little salary enough for a family of three?
 It was nothing. Just eating alone might be enough to choke him.  Under such circumstances, it would be a lucky thing to be able to fill his stomach.
 Hong Yitang frowned slightly. Were the grain prices so high?
 Recently, he had not paid much attention to it. He did not expect that the price of food would reach 5 star dollars per 500 grams in the blink of an eye. The others were not worldly and did not know what this meant. Everyone used the divine energy stones and the spring of life. They would not die of hunger even if they did not eat or drink. Li Hao had not eaten for a long time.
 However, ordinary people couldn 't.
 "Li Hao was too focused on his superpowers ... He probably didn't have time to think about this ..."
 Hong Yitang thought to himself, if this is the capital, what about other places?
 I'm afraid it's even worse!
 "We have to speed up the reform. We can't kill people randomly on Li Hao's side, either ..."
 Hong Yitang had some ideas in his mind. He felt that he should do something before everyone felt that there should be no mistakes before the second recovery.
 Otherwise, too many people would not be able to survive this winter.
 "It requires skills, superpowers, monster plants ..."
 A thought came to his mind. They needed superpowers to build strong houses for everyone.
 They needed technology to revolutionize so that everyone could at least eat.
 They needed monster plants to help them grow crops and produce good seeds. They also needed superpowers to help them grow quickly. The thousands of superpowers from the heavenly punishment Army might have been able to do something, but it was not enough.
 Perhaps ... He could take down the superpower City.
 There were millions of supers in the city!
 This was currently the largest gathering place for supers in the star dynasty. Once he captured them, he would have enough to do anything, let alone eat his fill. A million supers would cause trouble all day long. He might as well pull them all to farm!
 With the cooperation of the light element, life element, and five elements, the grain could grow three times a month.
 What's the point of keeping a bunch of supers?
 There were some things that could not be accomplished overnight, but these things could still be completed quickly.
  "The star dynasty needs a reform ... But the premise is that everyone can eat well, wear warm clothes, learn how to read, and quickly reform and popularize education ... Li Hao has enough strength now and has a firm foothold ... After the second recovery, the world might be in complete chaos ... The second recovery must be delayed!"
 All sorts of thoughts appeared in his mind.
 He had actually come to stellarsky city for this.
 "I have to discuss with Li Hao. The sky Star Martial Arts Academy should also be opened as soon as possible ... And recruit talents from all over the world ..."
 Hong Yitang thought to himself.
 At this moment, not far away, a child in ragged clothes, about ten years old, strode towards Hong Yitang.
 Hong Yitang didn't pay much attention at first, but soon, he looked over in confusion.
 Not far away, the child walked over. He was a little yellow and skinny, but he was not timid at all."Is this director Hong?"
 Hong Yitang frowned slightly, but he quickly nodded with a smile.
 The child did not show any fear. He was a little sallow and emaciated, but he was full of energy."It's said that Dean Hong is willing to take in some refugees in Silver Moon and nurture them to be independent. That's how he built the largest refugee camp in the dynasty."

 "I saw Dean Hong wandering around here today. It seems like he's also here to observe the People's livelihood ..."
 Hong Yitang just looked at him silently.
 The child wasn't afraid and said directly,"I'm Yun Yuqi's younger brother, Yun Yuming." The Dean has compassion for the common people of the world. I have a feeling that the Dean has the light of the Holy path ... So I hope that the Dean can pass on this message to Governor li ..."
 ,m "What?"  "Have Governor li open the Research Institute!"
 Yun Yuming looked serious."This year, there will be a great disaster. There will be a snow disaster, a cold disaster, and even an Ice Age. There might even be a crop failure!" I originally thought that Governor li would open the Research Institute sooner or later ... But it seems that he hasn't made any moves, and is even focused on pursuing Fengyun pavil...I'm very worried. "
 "Only by opening up the Research Institute can we obtain more technology and quickly complete the promotion and development of the technology!" Yuming said dejectedly. They can defend against natural disasters. You must know that in this world, there are not only supers and martial masters, but also ten billion people ..."
 Hong Yitang looked at him and said after a long time,""Who are you?"
 Yuming had just introduced herself.
  But at this moment, Hong Yitang still asked again.
 "Yunyuming!"
 "Who are you?" Hong Yitang asked again.
 Yuming frowned,"it's really Yun Yuming, but ... He's smarter." Sometimes, my memory will be a mess, but I'm sure that I'm still Yuming. It's just that ... Maybe something left behind by my grandfather has affected me, but I'm definitely still Yuming. "
 "If you really want to compare ... Perhaps it's the bloodline inheritance of the demon race?"
 Yun Yuming looked at Hong Yitang."It's precisely because I heard about director Hong's actions in Silver Moon that I came to find you. I'm worried that Governor li won't even be willing to see me because of my small status."
 "Your sister and your aunt are over there. Why don't you look for them?"
 Yun Yuming smiled bitterly."My aunt is only a Centurion of the Demon Hunter Army. My sister is doing odd jobs. Governor li is a mysterious person ..."
 "Something's wrong!"
 Hong Yitang shook his head."Li Hao brought your aunt out of Blizzard Silver City. She's a close confidant. You came to me, which means you know that your aunt can actually speak for you. Even if she can 't, she can go to Liu Long to pass on a message."
 After saying that, he continued,"also, how did you know I would come here?" I came here on the spur of the moment. You were waiting for me here on purpose, or rather, you were able to predict that I would come. You are very capable. What is your relationship with Lu Zhen?"
 Yun Yuming was a little helpless."It's really not related. If there's a relationship ... According to some fragments of my memory, Minister Lu should be the Grandmaster of the owner of my memory fragments."
 Lu Zhen's Grand disciple?  He didn't know who Lu Zhen was, but Li Hao had talked to them before. It was said that this man's daughter was the teacher of the human King in the ancient civilization.
 The other party could be considered the Grandmaster of the human King.
 In that case, the remnant psyche energy that this child had absorbed in the past could be considered to be of the same generation as the human King.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com His status and identity were not considered low.
 The other party was some of the recuperated mental force from the Lu Zhen Research Institute.
 Of course, it was hard to say whether he was from the ancient civilization or the modern Yuming. What he said actually made sense. Perhaps...It was a kind of demon bloodline inheritance.
 However, the other party must have obtained some of that person's memories.
 Or even abilities!
 "What's your purpose in having Li Hao open the Research Institute?"
 "I don't mean anything else," Yuming said seriously."Director Hong, please believe in the integrity of a researcher. Please also believe that in the new martial era, as long as you're not a traitor, you have a heart that loves the people! It's really just a prediction. The star dynasty will face a great disaster in the future. If we don't make preparations in advance, there will be big problems!"
 "When the time comes, who would care about the billions of civilians if there is chaos among the supers? At that time ... That would be a sin! The casualties are heavy, and the people have no means of living!"
  "I know the thoughts of some overlords. They want this ... Even Governor li and Dean Hong might think about it ... If the world is not in chaos, how can there be hundreds of things to be done and how can they be reborn from a desperate situation?"
 "No, it's not like that!" Yuming shook his head. Even if you do it, no one will know, because there are no disastrous consequences. If you do it, God knows!"
 "It's true!" He pointed at the sky."God will know!"
 "The heavens have eyes!"
 "Now, those who want to become human Kings are all jokes! With schemes, interests, and schemes in mind ... How could such a person become the human King?"
 "Only a heart of pure sincerity!"
 Yuming's tender voice rang out."This is also a kind of cultivation. Governor li, it's fine even if you don't want to become the king. If you do it, even if the world doesn't know, the heavens will know. Even if the heavens Die, even if the world Heart is destroyed ... The world will know that you are saving the world!"
 "A world has a will and a soulless...Not the will and soul in the conventional sense. But...If you can get the support of the heaven, you will be the real son of the world, the Father of the world!"
 Hong Yitang slowly mulled over the meaning of his words and said softly,""Li Hao didn't say that he didn't care. He's been trying his best to manage it. He took risks time and time again, not for the so-called fame and fortune, but because of his narrow-minded heart. It's just that you're also clear about the current situation. There are too many constraints!"

 "What can you do?" Hong Yitang looked at him."Can you help Li Hao?"
 Yuming was silent for a while, then said,"I can't be of much help. In terms of martial strength, I'm very weak. In terms of wisdom, I might not be as good as you."
 He thought for a while and said,"I can help Governor li with one thing. I'm good at the construction of the communication system. The master in my memory was a communication expert at the Research Institute."
 He looked at Hong Yitang."I heard from my sister that Governor li has asked for a group of people from Nine Dragons Pavilion, but he has never let them do anything ... I think that maybe you are too busy to care about these things, and others don't know much about it ... I want to recommend myself to join the governor's office and become the Communications and Information manager under you!"
 "What are we most afraid of in this era?" Yuming said seriously. I'm afraid that it will take many days for a message to be sent out, or even no longer ..."
 "With superpowers, martial masters, and technology, we will soon be able to establish a special communication system within the dynasty, the sky screen system!"
 "Sky screen?"
 Hong Yitang was confused, and Yuming introduced,""This is a special system in the neo martial era. It's a combination of technology and martial Dao. Using the projection, I can project my image to all parts of the dynasty at any time and pass down orders. I only need to project my image everywhere!"
 "It can instantly send all the information to all parts of the dynasty. Wherever there are people, there will be a sky screen."
 "Back then, the Army's armor communication system actually borrowed the sky screen system ... But the Army used the internal version and not the public version ..."
  Yuming said a lot."I'm looking for Dean Hong because I know that he's planning to open the sky Star Martial Arts Academy recently. He's recruiting some of the teachers and students from the ancient academy ... So I know that the Dean might also have the intention to restart technological reform ... So, I want to join!"
 Hong Yitang frowned slightly.
 He was actually not too at ease with this person.
 It was said that this child had been used as a test subject by his grandfather. He had once modified him and guided the spiritual power in some of the remains. Whether he was still a bright figure or the consciousness of the ancient people ... No one could say.
 Now, he even wanted to join the star military governor's office ... Did he really just want everyone to have a better life, or did he have other motives?
 For the other party to be able to tell that he would be here ... He must have some special ability. Perhaps his spiritual power was very strong and he had some precognition ability.
 This was normal.
 Hong Yitang's spiritual power wasn't weak either. Although he couldn't predict the future, he could sometimes predict what the other party would do in the next moment.
 The other party's spiritual energy might be even stronger.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Lu Zhen Research Institute ...
 Li Hao didn't open it, because he knew that it would be troublesome to open it, especially when it involved some mental power regeneration techniques.
 It might even release some terrifying existences.
 Moreover, if he opened it, the nine divisions and the imperial family might fall out and quickly besiege Li Hao.
 Hong Yitang kept thinking.
 In the end, he sighed."Then I'll take you to Li Hao. You can talk to him yourself. Perhaps this is the result you want. Also ... You're still young, so you should be more lively and cheerful ... You're not like a child!"
 Yuming smiled and nodded.
 Like a child?
 Didn't he look like one?
  I am.  He felt that Hong Yitang had misunderstood, but he didn't say anything.
 ……
 In the Heavenly Star military governor's office, Li Hao was creating a territory.
 Suddenly, he opened his eyes.
 He seemed to have seen a ball of light!
 A divine light flashed in his eyes. In the next moment, he saw the two of them. He looked past Hong Yitang and at the child. At this moment, something seemed to appear in his eyes. That ball of light was a little mixed.
 It was also a little murky.
 This was the first time he had seen such a special situation. Li Hao's eyes emitted a faint red light. He looked at the child again, and after a long time, he smiled."I apologize for not coming out to welcome you, senior!"
 Yuming was helpless."I'm Yun Yuming. Nice to meet you, commander!"
 "I know you."
 Li Hao nodded slightly, looked at him, and smiled.""Mixed spiritual power. You can even say that you're a dove occupying a magpie's nest. However ... This child is a little stupid, and you've given him some wisdom ... But ... Are you an ancient person or a modern person?"
 "Today's people!"
 "It's true, commander, you have to believe me,"Yuming said gloomily.
 As he said this, he looked at Li Hao curiously. What a sharp observation.
 That wasn't all. Yuming could vaguely feel something special about the void around her. It was like an independent space. She felt it quietly, curious and strange.
 What a powerful fellow!
 It wasn't his strength, but his methods. They were very special.
  Li Hao's strength was nothing in the ancient civilization era.
 Even a random teacher of ten thousand people would not be weaker than him. They would only be stronger.
 Yuming repeated what he had just said to Hong Yitang.
 "Sky screen?"
 Li Hao mumbled. This guy was going to build a sky screen system for him?
 As for the people he found in the nine Dragons Pavilion, Li Hao didn't arrange for them to do any work, mainly because he was worried that they wouldn't be able to come back after going out during the constant battles.
 Now, this guy was quite interesting. He took the initiative to look for her and even wanted to open the Lu Zhen Research Institute himself.
 Was it good or bad?
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 Earlier, the dead Chen hai had asked him if he wanted to start a dynasty with the inheritance of the ancient civilization or a new era.

 Li Hao said, new era.
 Back then, no matter how strong or good neo martial was, it was still the people and things of the past. Of course, the people of today had to start a new era and learn from the old but not keep to the old.
 Therefore, the current Li Hao was actually somewhat wary of these ancient people, antiques, and ancient demons.
 Are the ancient people and ancient demons of Silvermoon really good people?
 Not necessarily!
 Were the good people of the neo martial era the good people of this era?
 Not necessarily!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Little tree said that there were originally gods in the Silvermoon land. They were considered natives, but weren't they annihilated by neo martial?
 Then, were Li Hao and the others considered natives or outsiders?
 Neo martial had nothing to say to their own people, but for Li Hao ... There was still a barrier.
  Looking at Yuming again, Li Hao smiled and said,""I welcome you, but ... What do you need?"
 "Magical stones, as well as some machines and equipment, all require things from the Research Institute. We can manufacture them now ... But it will take a long time. The Research Institute has the sky screen forger, which can produce countless sky screens. There are also many reserves in the warehouse. It will take at least ten years for the outside world to develop these."
 After all was said and done, she still hoped that Li Hao would open the Research Institute.
 Li Hao was silent.
 After a long while, he spoke."Go and discuss this with your aunt. If she feels that it is necessary to open it soon, I will consider it."
 Yuming was helpless.
 "I've told her about it, but she ignored me. She said that place ... Should be sealed forever!"
 Li Hao laughed!
 Yunyao had never mentioned it to him, so she must have met Yuming. It seemed that she didn't think his suggestion was reliable.
 "Then tell me, what do you want to do? To be honest, I'll consider it. "
 Yuming was helpless."I'm telling the truth. Of course, there's something missing in the truth. I didn't think about it before, but recently ... I've been thinking about it. I want to use some of the equipment in the Institute to see if we can revive someone ..."
 Li Hao smiled, a dangerous smile.
 "Resurrect who?"
 Yuming stopped hiding and sighed."You should have seen him before. He's from Yuanping martial arts university. From what I remember, those people either left or died. In the end, there's still someone alive ..."  Black Phoenix?
 Li Hao frowned."How did you know?"
 "I can sense it!"
 Yuming explained,"the last time Governor li came out from there, I sensed something familiar. Later, some memories came back. I know that the man is still alive. It's just that ... His body is probably rotten."
 "Why do you want to revive him?"
 Yuming scratched his head and seemed a little childish at the moment."He is one of the human King's most loyal guards. His identity is very important ... Even more important than Governor Li's identity. If he revives, he might be able to unify the eight main cities again. This is to prevent the eight main cities from resurrecting and causing disputes among themselves."
 "He might not be the strongest of the survivors, but he represents the human ruler and many other things. With him around, it will save Governor li a lot of trouble ..."
 Li Hao was slightly stunned."He ... Is the spokesperson of the human King?" he asked.
 "It can be considered so."
 "He was sent here by the human King," Yuming explained again. "Almost all of the students he trained have joined the human King's fiend guards. "He wasn't strong, but at that time, he represented the line of mcmau where the human King was born ... In any case, he was very important."
 "What?" Li Hao frowned."Can the Lu Zhen Research Institute really revive them?"
 "Yes, of course, but I need some things."
 Yuming explained,"the spirit is still there, which means that life is still there. It's just that the body is rotten. If it was back then, with the help of powerful people, it would be very simple. A large amount of imperishable substance and a large amount of life essence would be enough to help them recover ... But the amount required is too much. It's almost impossible to find it at this stage."
  "Therefore, we have to use a special method to lower their strength and weaken their physical bodies. We can create a weak physical body to carry their mental power. This way, although they can be revived, their previous strength will dissipate a lot ... It's a good thing because the Dao of origin has disappeared. If they are too strong, they might cause the Dao of origin to devour them."
 "There are a lot of treasures in the Research Institute," he continued."Of course, they're not treasures in the conventional sense, but some things that are very important to the new era ... Even ... Including the dimensional gateway!"
 "What's that?"Li Hao frowned.
 "Back then, the peak could even tear space and teleport thousands of miles ... Later, after the human King unified the world, the Research Institute discovered that the space Channel could be stable and only needed some treasures to stabilize it. This way, it could save a lot of time!"
 ? "In the later stage of neo martial arts, a special transmission system has already been formed. Ordinary people use planes and cars, powerhouses use transmission channels, and military forces use transmission channels ... And the Research Institute has the technology in this area."
 "Just like now, if the governor wants to go to the Silver Moon, even if he is powerful, one day is the minimum. One day is enough to change many things. But once the teleportation portal is built successfully, we can arrive in an instant, but it will consume a lot of divine power stones."
 This was a lure.
 Li Hao looked at him, not saying anything.
 It was hard to tell if this guy was a modern person or an ancient person.
 It had the memories of the ancient people and the bodies of the chileians, but the memories might not be complete, and the signs of life did belong to this era. Li Hao could see that the young souls were not completely covered by the enemy's mixed mental power.

