fileno%d
wanted to revive hei Teng.
 Interesting!
 Black Phoenix didn't even think about recovering. Otherwise, he would have asked Li Hao for help long ago.
 From what Yuming said, hei Teng could even order the leaders of the eight main cities at critical moments. Was that true?
 The director of a University's Academic Affairs Office ... Could order the general of heaven battling Army and the Lord of Heaven battling city?
 Of course, Li Hao knew that Yuanping martial arts university was not simple. A group of second-generation and third-generation students was certainly not simple.
 In fact, Li Hao vaguely knew his background.
 In Yuan Ping's memory, the author of this book said that she had an elder brother ... Later on, everyone admired her elder brother and liked her ... Everyone was the same.
 In that era, who could have done this?
 The human King had personally punished him ...
  Li Hao was not an idiot. In fact, he had already guessed that the principal of Yuanping martial arts university was most likely the sister of the human King.
 It was not an exaggeration to say that he had a powerful background.
 However, neo martial arts had passed away for countless years. Was it really still useful?
 With all kinds of thoughts in his mind, Li Hao said,""Neo martial artist, do you have any goals?"
 Yuming paused,"That ... There is! "The real neo martial artists all have one goal now. Go back!"
 "Go back?"
 "En!"
 Li Hao suddenly understood. It was the same at Yuanping martial arts university. A puppet had come to him, saying that it wanted to go home and asking for his help.
 Yuming explained,"I'm talking about the real neo martial artists. However, many monster plants and monster beasts, including some powerful ones, may have lost their original intentions with time. Maybe they want to be the Masters of this world, maybe they want to be the overlords of this world, maybe they are afraid of everything behind the Stargate, but ... The real neo martial artists will not yield!" They want to go back, they are willing to go to war again ... So Governor li actually doesn't need to worry about these people, these demons ... What you need to worry about are those fake neo martial artists who have obliterated all their glory!"
 The real neo martial artists only wanted to go back.
 Li Hao mulled over the meaning of these words.
 On that day, when the tenth commander of heaven battling city's heaven battling Army slashed his sword at the sky, he had only thought of conquering the sky again ...
 They wanted to return to neo martial again.
 The land of Silver Moon was only a subsidiary world.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After taking a deep breath, Li Hao said,""You should prepare for the sky screen first. I will consider these things and also consult the Managing Director. You can't do it just because you want to!"
 "You ... He's willing to talk to you?" Yuming was surprised.
 "Why not?"
 “……”
 Yuming didn't continue.  Wasn't it normal to be unwilling?
 In Li Hao's memory, that person was also very proud and aloof. He didn't expect that Li Hao could continue to communicate with him. This was a good thing.
 "Do you have anything you want me to pass on?"
 Li Hao asked.
 Yuming thought for a while and shook his head."No. The owner of my memory is actually ... Not very familiar with him. They don't belong to the same system, so there's nothing to communicate with him. Everything he did was because he wanted to go home."
 Alright!
 Li Hao was speechless.
 At this moment, Li Hao had made a decision. He had originally wanted to delay the matter, but now, he decided to go back to Silver Moon.
 However, before that, he had to go to Yuanping martial arts university.
 "You go, do what you need to do!"
 "In addition ..." Li Hao said,"this is the only case. Don't do it again. If your so-called recovery means taking over the bodies of our generation ... I'll let you know that even if you recover, you'll still die!"
 Yuming nodded."Well ... Governor li has overestimated the body of a modern person. Who would be willing to take over the body of a weak person?" he asked. "Even a body forcefully forged from life force is stronger than a modern person's body. Moreover, the system is different ... It's very difficult to cultivate it back, so the commander really doesn't need to worry about this."
 "Especially ... We Heavenly Star citizens, our bodies are too weak. Even at the governor's level, his body is still extremely weak, not even as strong as the rank-8 golden body of the past ..."
 Li Hao's face darkened!
 This was a slap in the face.
 "That's not what I think,"Yuming said, a little embarrassed,"it's something I can't remember ..."
 "Alright," Li Hao said impatiently."Go and find your sister and aunt!"
 "Governor, you've laughed at me!"
  Yuming turned around and left. Li Hao wasn't happy. He didn't want to stay with Li Hao for too long. The current Li Hao still gave him a lot of pressure.
 After they left, Hong Yitang said softly,""You don't have to worry too much about him. I hope you can take down the superpower City as soon as possible. I want a million supers to farm."
 “……”
 Li Hao rolled his eyes.
 Old Hong was floating!
 "There are too many things to do. I'll do them one by one ... After I've dealt with Fengyun Pavilion, I'll kill a few monster plants and obtain enough spring of life to suppress the monster plants. Then, I'll quickly finish the attack on the ground!"
 Li Hao calculated for a moment."I'll try my best to solve this before the end of the year. When I go back this time ... I hope that the powerful monster plant in heaven battling city can help me farm and cultivate enough food to at least survive this winter ..."
 Hong Yitang felt that Li Hao was overconfident.
 I only want a million supers to farm and you want general Huai to farm for you ... You're really inhumane!
 The two of them looked at each other and smiled.

 Anything is fine!
 These people and demons were all sent to farm. What was the point of fighting for hegemony?
 Hong Yitang glanced at Li Hao again and smiled.""What new thing did your master teach you again?"
 "Yes, if martial uncle Hong wants to learn, you can go to the remains to find my master."
 Since his teacher was around, he would not spread the news.
 "Forget it, I'm not on good terms with him."
 "No." Hong Yitang shook his head and smiled."Don't bite off more than you can chew. I don't have your talent and energy ..."
 "I'm not that talented ..."
 Hong Yitang didn't bother to say more. This was called ordinary?
 Li Hao's talent was terrifyingly powerful.
  Even if Li Hao felt that comprehending Five Forces was slow, anyone with a discerning eye would know that it was impossibly fast. Only Li Hao felt that it was slow and inferior to Yuan Shuo 's, but Yuan Shuo had spent decades to comprehend it!
 In addition, he had been instructed by the most talented martial masters in the world, so Li Hao's knowledge was definitely broad. How many people in the world could be more knowledgeable than him?
 He was just a little younger, and some things were only heard, but he had not really experienced it.
 Hong Yitang didn't want to listen to his bullsh * t anymore and left directly. He was also preparing for the opening of the martial arts college.
 ……
 As for Li Hao, he didn't continue to comprehend the power of his domain.
 Right now, he was also busy thinking of a clone.
 One clone cultivated, one clone worked, one clone traveled, and one clone fell in love. It was a pity that there was no other way.
 ……
 Yuanping martial arts university.
 Hei Teng appeared in an instant and said with dissatisfaction,""Why are you here again?"
 Again and again, three times.
 How annoying!
 I want to think about life, but I'm often interrupted by this bastard. How many days has it been?
 You're here again!
 "I'm a student. If a student returns to school, can't the Dean come back?"
 “……”
 Hei Teng was regretting his decision to give him the student status.
 F * ck!
 They all wanted to curse!
 "What's the matter?"
 Hei Teng's tone was unfriendly.
 "It seems that a trace of mental energy left in the Lu Zhen Research Institute has been revived in the bodies of modern people. Is this a good or bad thing?"
 "You mean possession?"
 "I don't think so," hei Teng said in a deep voice. Would normal neo martial artists take a fancy to your bodies? Even if I possess a divine weapon and become its soul, it's still better than possessing you, right?"
 What a vicious mouth!
 Li Hao almost wanted to curse!
 Hei Teng continued,"did someone mess around and shatter his spiritual energy, then fuse it into that person's body?" If that's the case ... Then there's no other way. Perhaps their spiritual memories are all mixed together, and I can't separate them even if I want ..."
 Li Hao nodded. That was it.
 That seemed to be what Yun Haoran did.
 "The person who did this ... Is really vicious!"
 Hei Teng sighed."Even if you live as a psyche force, it's still better than having your memories shattered and forcefully merging into someone else's body. Poor thing. I wonder which of the researchers from the Lu Zhen Research Institute is so unlucky."
 “……”
  Li Hao was speechless.  He only asked if it was a good thing, but the other party almost said,"don't even think about it. Even if you guys try to possess me, I won't do it. If I really don't like it, I'd rather live my life as a free spirit."
 "So, the ancient civilization powerhouses won't take over the bodies of modern people?"
 "AI!"
 Hei Teng sighed."It's not impossible. Unless that person is really abnormal. His mind is in a mess, and he's about to explode. He's trying to take over other people's bodies ... Otherwise, isn't it better to destroy himself?"
 'Your mouth ... I didn't realize it was so vicious before. But it does taste like a living person.'
 He was like a robot before!
 Li Hao didn't feel like talking about this anymore. He said,""He wants to resurrect you ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I don't need to!"
 "No." Hei Teng shook his head."I know a little about the research of the Research Institute ... But it's useless. Once I'm resuscitated, my mentality will decline, and my body will be weak. From my current level, I'll soon become a rank-8 or rank-9 existence ... Unless I die, I can't accept it!"
 “……”
 Alright!
 Yuming wanted to revive her, but she didn't want to.
 "Rank-8 and rank-9 ... Are they the power of five or six divine arts?"
 "Their strength is similar, but their bodies are much stronger. They can live up to a thousand years ... So ... They're different."
 “……”
 Li Hao didn't even want to talk to him. He said gloomily,""Alright, let's not talk about this. Senior, I want to ask one more thing. I want to revive general Huai. Is there a problem?"
 Hei Teng thought for a moment and said,"as long as heaven battling city still exists, there won't be a big problem. If heaven battling city is completely destroyed, don't revive these monster plants!" Those who are not of our race must have a different heart! However, if heaven battling city still exists ... It means that the core is still there, and it also means that the faith and belief are still there ... Then there is no problem!"
 Although Li Hao felt that this guy's mouth was vicious, Li Hao was somewhat relieved.
 "If you continue to criticize me in your heart, I'll slap you to death!" Hei Teng said indifferently.
 “……”
 "Cough, cough, cough!"
 Li Hao coughed for a while and said with a smile,""Senior, you've misunderstood!"
 "I don't want to sense you either," hei Teng said indifferently."But I only have spiritual power now, so it's easier to sense you. If you don't want me to sense you or other experts to sense you, next time, use force to block it! Use force to protect your mind ..."
 "Like this?"
 In an instant, Li Hao seemed to be enveloped in a domain.
 Hei Teng fell silent.
 After a long time, as if he was exhaling, as if he was sighing with emotion, he said,""Go, I don't have anything you want here. Don't disturb me next time ... I want some peace!"
 Li Hao laughed, thinking, what a metal lump, quiet down for a moment, I had to come!
 Li Hao cursed in his heart, but hei Teng showed no reaction. Li Hao was instantly overjoyed. He really couldn't sense anything.
 Li Hao didn't stay. When he left, he patted the robot cat at the school gate and smiled.""You're so cute. I'll come and see you next time ..."
 With that, he disappeared.
 After he left, the robot cat puppet was a little shocked."Teacher, he touched me!"
  Hei Teng was silent for a moment before saying,"He touched a puppet. It has nothing to do with you. Don't let your imagination run wild!"
 "But ... He touched me!"
 "Alright, quiet down. You don't have a physical body ..."
 "But ..."
 "No buts. You have to remember that you're already 70000,80000 ... Who knows how old you are? she's only 20 years old. If she touches you, she touches you. Just rest quietly!"
 As soon as he said that, the robot cat disappeared instantly and said with a sobbing tone,""I'm not that big ..."
 Hei Teng didn't care. It was useless to deny it.
 Time passed as he fell into a deep sleep.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was getting more and more interesting. This guy was getting bolder and bolder. Was he preparing to revive general Huai?
 Heaven battling city ... It reminded him of a junior from mcmau. He seemed to be a teacher there, but he didn't know if he was dead or not. He forgot to ask Li Hao to find out.

 Li Hao didn't even bring the Black Panther with him.
 He had sent Heibao out to keep an eye on them.
 This fellow was good at concealing his aura and searching for people. It was better to go out and do some work than to waste food at home.
 Li Hao didn't say hello to anyone. He liked to go alone and test new techniques after he had truly mastered them.
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Earth escape.
 Underground, Li Hao felt as if he was bathing in a hot spring. He quickly moved underground, and the terrain in front of him appeared in his mind. He moved extremely fast.
 He crossed mountains and rivers when he encountered mountains and rivers.
 In the desert with few people, Li Hao's figure would appear, turning into a ball of fire and traveling through the void.
 This was a sacred art.
  As for the secret technique of wind and thunder, Li Hao was also trying to turn it into a hurricane or a Thunderbolt.
 Every time they traveled, Li Hao would treat it as a training session.
 It was also a chance for him to relax.
 In a place where no one could see him, Li Hao flew freely like a child, enjoying the fun of cultivation.
 Cultivation was a very interesting thing.
 However, being forced to cultivate, to cultivate for the sake of killing, was not the result he wanted.
 That was not the point of cultivation.
 In Li Hao's opinion, be it martial masters or transcendents, they were all there to explore the mysteries of the human body. He didn't really understand those people. Wasn't cultivation for the sake of becoming stronger and surpassing the limits of life?
 He was wandering between heaven and earth.
 Li Hao felt very free.
 But soon, that feeling disappeared.
 In the distance, a figure was also traveling through the void at an extremely fast speed. As if sensing something, he stopped and turned to look at Li Hao.
 Li Hao also looked into the distance.
 At this moment, he could clearly see the person in the distance. She had a delicate appearance and looked very young. It was a woman.
 The moment Li Hao saw him clearly, he recognized him.
 In the world today, there were very few women with such strength.
 Lin Hongyu, the governor of the city of superpower, and the flying sword immortal of the flying Pavilion.
 The person in front of him was not the flying sword immortal. If it was not her, it must be Lin Hongyu from SuperPower City. It was said that she was the descendant of an ancient family and had become the city Lord of SuperPower City at a young age.
 Lin Hongyu looked very young, but she was actually not very old. Li Hao did not know much about her, but he heard that she was only around 30 years old. However, she overpowered all the major families in SuperPower City and became the leader of SuperPower City.
 It had to be said that he was still very strong and capable.
 The other party was wearing a long green dress and didn't look like a Martial Master from a distance.
 Li Hao didn't expect to meet him here.
 At this moment, Li Hao's eyes were filled with killing intent.
 It was also a coincidence!
 Two days ago, the city of supers announced that they would be working with Yu Xiao and Luo RI sacred mountain. This was the path to the north, which meant that they were heading to Yu Xiao sacred mountain.
 It was said that the mountain chieftain of Yu Long mountain was also a woman. Of course, Yu Xiao and Luo RI sacred mountains kept a low profile, so Li Hao was not familiar with them.
  Was she going to the Jade flute sacred mountain?  Thinking this, Li Hao instantly disappeared.
 Thunder rumbled!
 In the distance, Lin Hongyu's expression changed slightly, but she was not afraid.
 She didn't expect to meet the most famous person in the world, Li Hao, in this wilderness.
 She had never come into contact with Li Hao.
 On the other hand, Li Hao had killed a few of the city's members, but they had accepted the fact and did not show any hostility to the star military governor. Of course, it was inevitable that the star military governor would want to take down the city.
 When Li Hao disappeared in an instant, she knew that something was wrong.
 This guy ... Was indeed Savage!
 Although they were both at the peak of the six elements, her actual ranking was in the top ten of the Billboard. It was clear how strong she was.
 Li Hao chose to attack without saying a word, which showed how arrogant he was.
 The two sides collided instantly!
 A scimitar appeared in Lin Hongyu's hand. As she swung it, the void seemed to shatter. A powerful qi and blood shot up into the sky. It was obvious that this person was also a Martial Master. Like Chen Zhongtian and the others, he used a divine weapon to protect his meridians.
 Wind and thunder!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 It was as if a storm was coming.
 In the next moment, a heavy rain poured down, and the world turned vast.
 A flash of Saber Light pierced through the heavens and earth.
 Lin Hongyu, who was at the peak of her six elements, was indeed very powerful. She broke the wind and thunder, shattered the storm, and split the waves.
 As for Li Hao, he reached out his hand, and flames rose between heaven and earth!
 The golden sword Qi swept across the world.
 Above the vast desert, the desert churned and formed a towering giant. Quicksand turned into a giant and punched Lin Hongyu.
 The two sides met and did not say a word.
 When they met, it was a bloody massacre.
 Both Li Hao and Lin Hongyu were surprised by the battle, but they did not hold back at all.
 Li Hao was trying out his five-elemental god art.
  It was also luck. He had been comprehending divine arts recently and had met a powerful opponent, which met his needs.
 The quicksand giant's punch shattered the heavens and earth.
 Lin Hongyu growled and slashed the sky.
 The quicksand giant collapsed instantly!
 Powerful!
 This woman was extremely powerful. No wonder she was ranked above Qi Pingjiang and the others. Lin Hongyu was ranked fifth on the real list, followed by Li Hao, Ying Hongyue, the Heavenly Star King, and the old Secretary of the administration Division.
 At this moment, his opponent's scimitar could even faintly cut through the void. This meant that he had the ability to shatter the void.
 Li Hao didn't care. He closed his eyes, and the wind started to blow.
 Thunder was excited!
 The next moment, the five elements gathered from all directions. The world turned into a vast expanse of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth. In the next second, they turned into five Elemental Masters.

 Fire Tiger, wood Willow, water wave ...
 The five elemental powerhouses surrounded Lin Hongyu in an instant.
 Lin Hongyu's expression changed drastically!
 What was this?
 Li Hao didn't approach them. Instead, he controlled the natural elements and turned them into his techniques. It was unbelievable.
 p She rose into the air, and a curved blade once again tore through the sky. Her long hair was like thousands of sharp blades, piercing through the world.  The five Giants couldn't stop her.
 BOOM!
 With a loud sound, the wave was cut apart. Lin Hongyu turned around and ran. When the five elements appeared, she knew she was in big trouble. Li Hao still had wind and thunder, which meant that he had reached the seven elements.
 However, the seven elements couldn't be revealed to the world, and it seemed like he couldn't use the power of the seven elements.
  But no matter what ... She could not stay any longer.
 Otherwise, he would probably die at Li Hao's hands.
 She didn't expect that she would run into Li Hao on her way to Yuxiao sacred mountain.
 "You want to leave?"
 Li Hao looked at his opponent coldly. In an instant, the world seemed to have turned into a cage. Lin Hongyu's expression changed drastically!
 In the next moment, the five-element domain locked down the void in all directions like a cage!
 "You've met him," Li Hao said softly as he stepped on the air."Then you can stay!"
 "Governor li!"
 "Do we have any grudges against each other?" Lin Hongyu's face was serious.
 Li Hao smiled."Yes. During the battle at Yuanping martial arts university, the three magical powers of the city of superpowers surrounded me!" In the battle of the stellarsky sea, that heavenly eye cultivator threatened my master and stole the secret technique of five birds! Do you think there is?"
 Before Lin Hongyu could say anything, a flash of sword radiance swept across the heavens and earth as the sword struck!
 The sky cracked open!
 This time, Lin Hongyu's expression changed drastically!
 "Impossible!"
 Seven elements!
 The next moment, Lin Hongyu roared and a flash of blade light cut through the void. At the same time, a red fir tree appeared in the void. Its aura was extremely powerful, but its expression changed the moment it appeared!
 "Peak?"
 Lin Hongyu's mind was in turmoil as she shouted,""Break the seal!"
 BOOM!
 The tree's branches trembled and the void shattered. It displayed its formidable combat strength and instantly broke Li Hao's five elements domain, shattering the void.
 The tree was cut by the space. Li Hao grunted and instantly retracted his five elements force.
 Lin Hongyu broke through the void and disappeared.
 As for the tree, it was cut into pieces in the blink of an eye. Li Hao's expression turned cold. He reached out and grabbed, and thousands of sword intents appeared. With one slash, the tree split open!
 An origin seemed to be on the verge of exploding. Li Hao's five elements cage reappeared and instantly trapped all the origins.
  The origin fluctuated violently!  Li Hao frowned slightly. This tree should be the clone of a powerful monster plant with peak combat power. However, without the protection of his five elements domain, it couldn't display its full combat power and was cut into pieces by the space.
 To the giant tree, breaking through the domain was suicide.
 The other party had actually broken through the realm for Lin Hongyu. Did he not know that he would lose his avatar if he did so?
 Li Hao looked at the green figure in the distance. His voice shook the world and went with the wind.
 "Lin Hongyu, within ten days, the city of supers will lead millions of people to surrender to the star military governor's office ... Otherwise, you will not be able to escape tomorrow! I want to see how many origin source avatars are willing to sacrifice for you ... Or even your original body!"
 Li Hao said coldly.
 If it was not for the avatar's giant tree, Lin Hongyu would have died.
 At this moment, although the origin avatar was broken, it was still struggling violently with disbelief.""You ... Who are you?"
 "Li Hao!"
 Li Hao frowned as he watched the clone's violent fluctuations. He was not very willing to absorb the origin Energy, but if he didn't ... Wouldn't it be a waste?
 He turned around and thought ... Forget it, I'll keep it for now. Later, I'll give it to little tree as a meeting gift.
 I've always been this polite.
 As for Lin Hongyu's escape, Li Hao wasn't too happy about it, but he didn't care. So what if the news got out?
 Seven elements?
 Weren't there still three people of the seven series on the ranking?
 So what if I, Li Hao, am the fourth?
 "Ha ... This is interesting ..."
 Li Hao looked at the broken origin clone.""You're actually willing to sacrifice your clone to protect her. If you're going to fight with me in the domain, why would you break the domain when you're not weak?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The tree avatar remained silent.
 Li Hao raised his brows."It doesn't matter if you don't tell me. I'm quite lucky. I picked up a peak clone's origin for free, and I just happened to return to Silver Moon. I even almost received a meeting gift ... Thank you!"
 The giant tree wanted to speak again, but in an instant, the lifeless sword intent exploded!
 BOOM!
 The origin was completely shattered and annihilated. Li Hao was enveloped in the five elements domain by the shattered origin power. At this moment, Li Hao was unbelievably powerful.
  ……
 In the distance.
 Lin Hongyu's face was pale as she ran away.
 Once upon a time, she would have thought that under the protection of an origin avatar with top battle strength, she would be in such a sorry state. She had lost the origin avatar of the red Redwood and was almost killed on the spot.
 If not for the protection of her clone, she would have died.
 "Impossible ... Seven elements ... The full power of the seven elements ..."
 Lin Hongyu's face turned pale. How did Li Hao end up like this?
 It was unbelievable!
 Surrender SuperPower City in 10 days ...
 Lin Hongyu's face turned pale. She had thought that even if there were three of them, she wouldn't have to fear them even if she joined forces with Yu Xiao and the setting sun. After all, seven elements wouldn't be able to unleash their full power.

 Even if there was a way to avoid the space cutting, it would greatly reduce their strength.
 However, today ... She was in disbelief.
 At this moment, she was a little dazed. She had always felt that she was the most talented Martial Master in the world. At the age of 30, she had stepped into the peak of the six elements and became one of the most powerful martial masters in the world with a divine weapon to protect her meridians.
 Divine powers were only so-so!
 She had thought that the seven series of superpowers were just so-so, but today, she realized how unbelievably powerful they were.
 Neither side had expected this encounter.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, the result made Lin Hongyu feel hopeless. How could Li Hao be so powerful?
 Sequoia's clone was gone!
 Lin Hongyu's mind was filled with thoughts. She did not continue to go to Yuxiao sacred mountain. Instead, she quickly fled towards SuperPower City!
 And now, perhaps ... Only that place could make him feel at ease.
  Even the city of superpowers was not safe. The secret place of the Lin family was the safest place as the original body of the Sequoia family was there.
 ……
 In the desert, Li Hao laughed.
 It was alright!
 It was good to have an unexpected gain from a random trip. Besides, the battle wasn't intense. The tree clone was suspected to have committed suicide. Otherwise, it would be very difficult for Li Hao to kill it without the tree clone if they were to fight in the five elements domain.
 Of course, Li Hao was invincible outside.
 He could put away his five elemental sphere, but at that time, the tree might be able to escape.
 "There's even someone giving her benefits when she's outside...I wonder if this woman will bring millions of people to surrender within 10 days?"
 Li Hao was just making a passing remark. It didn't matter if they didn't surrender. They would be exterminated sooner or later!
 The giant tree had lost a Paragon clone, and Li Hao was considering whether he should kill his way over and annihilate the main body.
 Chuckling, Li Hao flew away.
 After they had left, someone arrived.
 The shattered Void had already recovered.
 The person observed carefully and was in disbelief. He said softly,""Shattering the void ... Who did it?"
 To die together?
 It exploded with power that exceeded the boundaries of heaven and earth, causing the void to shatter. Was it a monster plant avatar, a monster beast avatar, or something else?
 As for the people in the world ... Who could do this?
 The three seven elements on the ranking list seemed to be in their nests, not moving.
 ……
 Silver Moon.
 Li Hao was incredibly fast.
 When he was in a good mood, it was very comfortable to travel.
 He didn't go to white moon City, nor did he go to any other place. He went straight to the cat head mountain.
 In an instant, the ruins of the Imperial Palace were opened.
 Little tree's main body swayed and was a little puzzled."You ... Are back?"
 Where's my clone?
 If the avatar did not return, the little tree would not know what had happened there. Only when the avatar returned would he know what had happened.
 Li Hao smiled."You're back. Here's some good food for you."  As soon as he finished speaking, an extremely dense power of origin overflowed.
 Little tree was dumbfounded!
 "This ..."
 "I encountered a Redwood clone on my way here just now and killed it."
 Little tree was completely dumbfounded. Feeling the rich power of the origin, he was shocked beyond words.
 This ... With so much Origin Energy, the other party was probably no weaker than his clone. Li Hao did not even bring his clone with him. Under such circumstances, how could he kill a peak-level clone?
 Little tree had forgotten his joy and said in disbelief,""You ... You killed him?"
 "Yes."
 "You ... Your strength has improved? But ..."
 "Senior, you'll know when you see your clone later. Senior, you should improve as soon as possible. Your clone is probably no weaker than your main body now. This Origin Energy will be a meeting gift. I'll have to trouble senior to cultivate another batch of food for me. The more the better!"
 Little tree was already shocked beyond words.
 My clone has also improved?
 What did Li Hao and the others do?
 Little tree was still in shock. Li Hao looked at the hazy Imperial Palace not far away and thought that little tree's projection of the Imperial Palace was indeed powerful.
 The great Emperor's Taoist connotation might really be left in the Imperial Palace.
 Even if there were no treasures, it was still a treasure land.
 When little tree saw him looking at the Thearch Palace, he actually became a little nervous.
 Yes, he was nervous.
 He was worried that Li Hao would target the Imperial Palace.
 At this moment, little tree couldn't see through Li Hao's strength, especially when Li Hao said that he had killed a peak clone of the red Redwood. It made little tree even more nervous. It didn't expect that Li Hao would become so powerful in such a short time.
 "Senior, don't worry!"
 Li Hao smiled."I'm just taking a look. I have no ill intentions. Whether it's the emperor's palace or the human king's palace ... They're all antiques to me. They don't have much value."
 His strength was weak, but his vision had become higher.
 It was just a temporary Palace!
 If it was the real Imperial Palace, he might be a little interested.
 "Senior, help me grow more food. I'll be leaving first. I'll make a trip to heaven battling city and see if I can revive general Huai with the trunk of The Undying Monster plant ..."
 "Undying?"
  "Yes, a few days ago, I worked with senior's clone and killed an undying monster plant. It was one of the ten Guardian monster plants of Heavenly Star Town, a coconut tree ... The Golden Phoenix."
 The little tree was shocked beyond words, and even a little scared.
 How was that possible?
 Kill the Undying's main body!
 The next moment, little tree's spirit trembled.""Li ... Li Hao, isn't the outside world unable to accommodate the absolute peak?"
 "Yes."
 "Then ..."
 "I can!"
 Okay.
 The little tree was completely speechless. As for why it could, it didn't know and didn't ask again. At this moment, there was only shock and inexplicable fear.

 Li Hao's strength was changing every day.
 It was a little scared.
 "Senior, I'll take my leave first ..."
 "Then ... You don't need the spring of life anymore?"
 "With so much Origin Energy, I can provide you with some spring of life ..." The sapling replied.
 "No need!"
 Li Hao laughed."Senior, you can cultivate the food with ease. If general Huai revives, the conversion will be faster. If he doesn 't, your clone is there, and the conversion speed is also faster ..."
 After saying that, Li Hao disappeared.
 Little tree suddenly felt a sense of urgency.
 I ... Don't seem to be that important anymore.
  As for where his clone was, it didn't know its current situation. Li Hao didn't even bring his clone with him when he went out. This was absolute confidence. He was confident that he would be fine without his clone.
 As expected, when he encountered a Paragon clone along the way, he was killed on the spot as well!
 This was too terrifying!
 "What do we do?"
 Moreover, the other party was going to revive general Huai. Once general Huai was revived, would he still be able to do anything?
 Little tree was anxious.
 It had finally managed to grab onto Li Hao's leg and even cut off half of his origin, but he had improved so quickly that he might not even be able to use half of his origin now ... It was too anxious.
 Throughout the ages, perhaps only those from the era of the human King had such an opportunity and talent.
 It was even faster!
 ……
 Li Hao was unaware of little tree's fear.
 He had said that to intimidate the monster plants, in case they had other thoughts. Now that the second revival could break out at any time, Li Hao was willing to talk to those he was familiar with, let alone those he was not familiar with. After all, they had worked together and helped each other before.
 Don't have any other thoughts.
 Soon, Li Hao arrived at the transverse Canyon.
 There were still people standing guard outside the canyon.
 But now, the place was much quieter. With Li Hao's conquest on Heavenly Star, Silver Moon quieted down. Ordinary superpowers did not dare to come to Silver Moon anymore.
 Winter arrived.
 The canyon was covered in snow.
 The remaining supers were slacking off, since Silver Moon had nothing to do recently.
 When they saw a person appear in the sky, everyone was stunned. At first, they were nervous, but the next moment, they were filled with excitement and worship."Minister li!"
 "Thank you, everyone!" Li Hao smiled and nodded.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I don't dare!"
 An expert from the night patrolmen was about to arrive ... Well, the so-called expert was only a three suns expert. Li Hao remembered that he was the Deputy Minister of the night patrolmen. Minister he was a Water-type super.
 "Minister Li, you ... Want to enter the remains?"
 "En!"
 This time, Li Hao didn't choose to hide. He smiled and said,""There's no need to inform the others. I'll be leaving in a while ..."
 "En!"
 Minister he hurriedly nodded. Li Hao was now their direct superior, and no one had more authority than Li Hao.
 The Nightwalker headquarters had all joined the star military governor's office.
 Everyone sighed as they watched Li Hao enter the ruins. Li Hao had only left white moon City for a short time, but after he left, he soared into the sky and intimidated the dynasty in all directions. He killed countless experts, and his magical powers fell like rain. This was something that no one had expected.
 ……
  Heaven battling city.  In an instant, director Wang sensed something and instantly appeared near the city gate.
 In the distance, a figure appeared.
 Li Hao raised his head and looked at the enormous locust tree. It was much larger than a coconut tree, and he couldn't even see the end of it.
 "General Huai, I'll enter the city first. I'll come back to find you!"
 Then, Li Hao strode forward.
 General Huai didn't have any reaction either. It was unknown if he was completely asleep.
 Li Hao strode in and instantly appeared near the city gate. The three Regiment commanders were surprised.
 Director Wang's golden eyes shone with a divine light.
 "You're back?"
 "En!"
 "Long time no see, director!" Li Hao smiled.
 A long time?
 Director Wang was a little suspicious. Not long? was it a month?
 It was almost the same.
 You call this a long time?
 "You ..."
 Director Wang glanced at Li Hao, but he didn't see anything. After entering the ruins, Li Hao completely restrained his five-element god art and entered the two-layer space. It looked like he only had two-element god art.
 The last time Li Hao came, he was also this strong.
 This time, there seemed to be no change.
 However, director Wang felt that the guy in front of him was different.
 As for Li Hao, he was much more confident and powerful than before. He looked at director Wang and judged that he didn't know if director Wang was a Paragon or an undying in the past, but he wasn't that strong now.
 Back then, they had felt invincible only because they were too weak.
 Looking at it now, director Wang was at most at the peak.
 It was similar to the tree clone he had killed earlier.
 It seemed ... A little weak.
 At this moment, Li Hao's eyes suddenly lit up. He looked into the city, raised his eyebrows, and smiled."Senior, don't keep looking at me like that. I feel very uncomfortable ..."
 "What's wrong with looking at you?"director Wang was surprised.
 "I didn't say director."
 “……”
 Director Wang was stunned.
  The next moment, he seemed to have realized something. As expected, a voice came from the void,""You ... Surprised me."
 "You flatter me, senior!" Li Hao bowed slightly.
 “……”
 At this moment, director Wang was extremely shocked. He turned to look at the turtle Tower.
 The Guardian soldier spoke to Li Hao!
 What was going on?
 "Director, open the city gates ... I'm going in."
 “……”
 Director Wang was shocked and didn't know what to say.
 My image of a senior expert didn't seem to last long, and this fellow in front of me seemed to be looking down on me.

 What was going on?
 The city gate opened.
 Li Hao raised his head and looked at the words "Zhan Tian." He was slightly moved. Perhaps ... He could gain something this time. The words "Zhan Tian" were personally written by the ancient civilization's venerable Emperor, and they contained the way of the venerable Emperor.
 In the past, he couldn't understand it and only saw some illusions.
 However, this time, he might be able to take a look again. He might be able to comprehend something. If he could turn these two words into his own divine text ... It would definitely be a great gain for him.
 Li Hao strode into the city.
 The three guild leaders also appeared in an instant.
 Li Hao's eyes glowed. He glanced at it and sighed. He had seen through it this time.
 Soul of the armor!
 The three commanders had truly died and turned into weapon souls. Hei Teng had previously said that a true neo martial expert would rather possess a divine weapon or turn into a weapon soul than possess a human ...
  At this moment, Li Hao believed it.
 Previously, there were so many martial masters and so many superpowers from the outside world. If they really wanted to possess someone, why did they have to turn them into soldier souls?
 It seemed that ... These real neo martial artists all had their own beliefs and pride.
 "Three guild leaders ... Long time no see!"
 The three guild leaders were also dumbfounded. Long time no see?
 Not long!
 Your memory is a mess!
 "Oh, oh ... Long time no see ..."
 They weren't used to this. Since when did Li Hao become so ostentatious?
 Yes, Zhang Yang.
 Not really, but he was really confident, and that confidence came from the bottom of his heart. It didn't mean that he could run amuck in heaven battling city, but after killing a monster plant, Li Hao's fear of these powerhouses from the ancient civilizations had lessened.
 He used to think that the ancient civilization was invincible.
 And now, he would think,'I can also kill the monster plants of the ancient civilization!'
 Director Wang was also very surprised and didn't say anything.
 As for Li Hao, he looked at the turtle Tower in the city. Just now, he sensed a bit of spiritual power. It seemed that this Turtle Tower ... Was not ordinary. It was probably the soul of an ancient divine weapon?
 Such a powerful ancient divine weapon?
 One had to know that even a saint's weapon was just like that.
 His starry sky sword didn't seem to have displayed much power, but this Turtle Tower ... Was extraordinary.
 A treasure from heaven battling city?
 The Wang family's turtle?
 Previously, he had thought that the Black Tortoise seal was one of the eight divine weapons. Could he have been wrong? was the real black Tortoise seal this turtle Pagoda?
 These thoughts flashed through Li Hao's mind. He didn't rush to say anything else, but smiled and said,""I just came back, I'll go to the camp to report to the division commander first, then I'll see the director!"
 “……”
 Everyone was dumbfounded. Before this, this fellow wished he could not go to the military camp.
 But today, he returned and went straight to the military camp.
 He wasn't afraid of his teachers?
 It was very strange!
 Director Wang didn't say much and just nodded,""Alright, you go and report first ..."
 After he finished speaking, Li Hao was gone.
 He really went to the military camp!
 "What a strange fellow!"
 Director Wang mumbled. Old tortoise's voice sounded in his ear,""This kid has gained something unusual! I sensed something from him ... He might have killed a Paragon not long ago!"
 “……”
 Director Wang was stunned.
 "I don't know if it's his true body, or just a clone ... But he should have killed one. I can sense some killing intent, and the resentment and unwillingness of a Paragon before his death should be nearby. Otherwise, it wouldn't be so obvious!"
 "How is that possible?" director Wang was in disbelief.
 The next moment, he thought of something,'the Imperial Palace guard tree? Last time, I did have a clone with me ..."
 "I don't know. Maybe ... Not."
 The old turtle didn't say anything more. Perhaps it wasn 't. It didn't sense the aura of the Imperial Palace's guard, and the guard might not be with Li Hao.
 ……
 In the military camp.
 The group of red jackals saluted Li Hao. A Regiment commander was also an official.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, went straight to the headquarters of the 9th Division.
 At this moment, he was a little excited.
 My nightmare is coming to an end!
 The master of the 9th Division, the top master of the past, hehe ... How much combat power does he still have now?
 [That day, he knocked me down with a single punch. Today ... I'm here again!]
 Li Hao strode into the building. In front of the office door, he shouted,""9th Division 12th Regiment commander Li Hao has returned to report. Greetings, division commander!"
 His voice reverberated and was extremely loud!
 The door of the office automatically opened.
  Inside the door, the Huang Jin division commander seemed to be always busy. At this moment, he raised his head and his eyes flickered with a golden light. "You're shouting so loudly, do you think you have the confidence now?"  Li Hao closed his legs and shouted,""As a soldier, you have to be loud and polite. Those who are soft are girls! Division commander, I'm here to report!"
 “……”
 The gold Division commander looked at Li Hao and said after a long while,""En, I know. Go out!"
 "Commander!" Li Hao didn't leave."Commander, I want to restore my rank of general!"
 The division commander was stunned.
 Li Hao said loudly,"as the descendant of the Li family, I'm qualified to be given the title of general according to what you said that day. However, you've detained me. I think I can resume my title of general!"
 The ninth Division commander was so angry that he almost laughed.
 "On what basis?"
 Li Hao's voice was extremely loud,"rules!" This was the rule of heaven battling city! I'm a member of the Li family, so I get this treatment!"
 “……”
 The ninth Division commander sized Li Hao up and smiled.""Yes, full of confidence, not bad! I probably killed some experts outside and feel that I'm omnipotent. I've become proud and complacent ..."
 "You think ... I'm a Wang?"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 The ninth Division commander stood up and said coldly,""A soldier ... Should not be so complacent! Li Hao, don't think that you're very strong. You must remember ... You're still a weakling!"
 In an instant, Li Hao felt as if the sky was falling and the earth was cracking!
 The divine runes of the five elements appeared instantly, and the divine abilities of the seven elements burst forth. However, at that moment, an extremely powerful sword will burst out from the ninth master's body!
 ……
 At the city gate.
 "That guy showed his might?" director Wang was stunned.
 That person was a commander-level expert. It just so happened that something happened in heaven battling city. Otherwise, he would have been promoted long ago. At that time, the frontline legions had already issued a letter of appointment, and this person was going to be the commander of an Army. Director Wang was naturally clear about this.
 Unfortunately, heaven battling city had lost contact with the outside world.
 Now, with the passage of time, the other party had been the ninth Division commander and had no chance to fight again.
 This time ... Were they going to kill Li Hao?
 ……
 BOOM!
 Li Hao felt as if a sword had appeared in his mind, and the world turned murky. He heard the ninth Division commander's indifferent voice."Just this? Could it be comparable to the strength of the peak? In the past, with this kind of strength, being a Regiment commander was just average. Where did he get the confidence to be a division commander?"
 "You're only half a step away from Paragon. Those who don't know you might think you've become a great saint!"
 BOOM!
 One punch!
 Li Hao crashed into the wall and slowly slid down.
 The ninth Division commander retracted his fist and said indifferently,"the body is extremely weak. The forced fusion of the five elemental energies has many flaws!" Your spiritual power is average, only your so-called "impose" is worth watching. Is that all?"
 “……”
 Li Hao looked at the other party in a daze.
 Why?
 That was impossible!
 I can even fight undying!
 I just casually killed a Paragon clone.
 You've completely recovered?
 "Your so-called undying, how much battle power do you still have?"
 As if he had seen through Li Hao's thoughts, Li Hao did not have time to defend his thoughts. The ninth master said indifferently,""The undying in your eyes are just clay chickens and pottery dogs! It was only a supporting and guarding monster plant of a military town. After countless years, how much combat power would it still have? As a division commander of the main Army, he would not fear any of them! Any army commander can easily kill him!"
 "In Heavenly Star Town, the only monster plant that has some combat power is that rose thorns! But even so, at its peak, it would still have to bow its head when it saw me. Little fellow, as a human ... Don't be too arrogant!"
 “……”
 Li Hao looked at the other party in a daze.
 When it was at its peak, would a powerful Guardian monster plant at the peak of immortal realm bow down to you?
 You ... Aren't you a teacher?
 The strongest teacher should be at the peak of the Paragon realm, right?
 At this moment, Li Hao was still in a daze. His nightmare had come again. Why ... Was he being beaten up again?
 The ninth Division commander returned to his seat, took out a piece of paper, and quickly wrote a few big words: "Arrogant and despotic, too proud to be accomplished, I suggest kicking you out of the heaven battling Army!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com “……”
  Li Hao saw it. Perhaps the other party deliberately showed it to him.
 "Don't ..."Li Hao instantly jumped up.
 "Behave!"
 "Commander, I was wrong!"
 “……”
 The ninth Division commander looked at him and said after a long while,""Get out!"
 "Yes!"
 Li Hao turned around and ran, his face full of helplessness. Was he still his teacher?
 The other party had died, and his strength had dropped a lot. Why did the other party seem to be stronger?
 What the hell!

 Walking out of the division, Li Hao was very depressed.
 Why?
 According to his own judgment, the division commander was at the peak, the Army commander was immortal, and the Army commander was a Saint. Was there something wrong with that?
 Not at all!
 Even if one was at the peak of the absolute peak, it would be considered not bad if one could maintain it for countless years.
 So, even if I'm no match for him, I won't be knocked down by a punch.
 Also, the other party actually knew how to use a sword.
 Although he had been knocked down with his fist, the other party's sword intent was like the sea, instantly suppressing his force and divine intent. This was the embodiment of a sword cultivator.
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Li Hao, who had easily killed the Paragon clone, was extremely depressed.
  Why!
 His confidence was completely shattered.
 Dragging his unreconciled legs, Li Hao silently cried in his heart. He still couldn't get rid of this nightmare.
 He went straight to the city Lord's mansion.
 Director Wang was still the best!
 ……
 City Lord's mansion.
 Director Wang also came back. He crossed his legs and seemed to be in a good mood.
 He seemed to smile when he saw Li Hao enter.
 Although he was wearing a Golden Mask, Li Hao could feel that he was smiling.
 A mocking smile!
 How detestable!
 Li Hao cursed in his heart. How detestable. He couldn't help but say,"That master ... What is his strength?"
 Director Wang laughed,"not much strength, not too strong. Back then, I just stepped into undying not long ago. However, my improvement was quite fast. When I died, I was only at the peak of undying." To be honest ... It's not that great!"
 Peak of immortal realm?
 "Is this the strength of our commander?" Li Hao was extremely depressed.
 Didn't you say last time that they were all paragons?
 Director Wang laughed again,"of course a division commander isn't this strong. An undying usually can be a commander, but you know, under normal situation...Under special circumstances, it can't be. Back then, your division commander was about to be promoted, but then...Something happened, so it was delayed."
 Alright!
 Depressed!
 No wonder the other party was qualified to grant others the rank of general. So ... The other party was still a division commander in name, and perhaps he had replaced the position of a military commander long ago.
 Peak of immortal realm, the same level of power as rose thorns?
 The other party had said that thorny rose had to bow her head when she saw him, and that was true. After all, he was a big Shot in the heaven battling Army, and the Heavenly Star Town was a level lower than him.
 "It's only a peak immortal, director, are you sure you're not mistaken?"
 Li Hao was worried and asked,"how much strength do you have left?"
 What did he mean by only at the peak of immortal realm?
  Director Wang was also speechless!  "How much strength he holds back depends on whether his mental strength has grown stronger over the years or has become weaker after being destroyed. The destruction of the origin Dao might not have much of an impact on him ..."
 "What?"
 Why!
 Li Hao didn't understand.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Because he is ..." Director Wang smiled.
 The next moment, he suddenly stopped talking and coughed. "It's nothing. Let's not talk about this. "
 Li Hao looked at him suspiciously, but director Wang didn't say anything else. Someone had just warned him that this guy was really overbearing.
 Why?
 This was because the Dao that he had taken was not the pure origin Dao. The Dao of ten thousand Arts in one, one bridge and three gates into his stomach. Li Changsheng was the only one in the world!
 However, that was in the beginning. After that, there were more than just the longevity Swordmaster.
 10,000 techniques as one!
 The disappearance of the Dao of origin had a limited impact on them. There were thousands of DAOs and not everyone cultivated the Dao of origin. It was just that this branch of people had weak bodies. Director Wang sometimes wondered if the Li family's influence was too great for the new generation of humans to have weak bodies.
 Who knows?
 It was the same in the past. This lineage was the best in offense, but ... Their endurance was the worst in the world.
 In the Silvermoon land, the Li family used to be the king.
 Perhaps the sword saint's Dao was so powerful that it affected the entire land of Silver Moon. It was not obvious before the destruction, but after the destruction, it might have become more obvious.
 As for that person in the Army, who knew how much strength he still had left?
 He was like a closed gourd.
 Not many people had been resurrected to begin with, and that guy didn't like to talk, so he was very lonely.
 He had been sitting there for tens of thousands of years, right?
 As director Wang was thinking, Li Hao said,""Then is the director Paragon or undying?"
 "Me?"
 "What do you want to do?" director Wang smiled.
 "Nothing, I'm just asking."
 Li Hao explained,"because I've seen an undying monster plant before, so I thought, the main city's security Director ... Could it be that he's only at the peak stage?."
  "Hehe ..."
 Director Wang laughed,"don't ask. I'm just a passerby. I just entered the undying level not long ago. I can't compare to your teacher." The security Department is only for internal security, not for external warfare. Otherwise, the main city's security director's rank would still not be low. "
 The kind that just entered the undying level?
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 The strength that they had reserved was probably not as good as the monster plant. The monster plant had at least been alive all this while and had a physical body. These people did not have any physical bodies.
 As he was thinking, director Wang said softly,""Don't think about those unnecessary things. "
 "What?"
 "I didn't see through your thoughts, I just know what you're thinking."
 Director Wang said calmly,"don't compare the powerhouses in the main city to those monster plants in the wild, and don't compare the powerhouses in the military to the monster race!" You have to understand that in the past, during the neo martial era, under normal circumstances, human martial artists of the same level could fight against three people at once. Cultivation is cultivation, and battle prowess is battle prowess. Humans have unified the world, and if they can't defeat demons of the same cultivation level ... Will demons still be ruled by humans?"
 "The fey race has powerful bloodlines and strong bodies, but that's all the fey race has. What else do they have?"

 Director Wang sneered,"there's nothing else!" On the other hand, the human race has the strongest fighting techniques, the strongest divine weapons, the strongest commanders, the strongest will, the strongest faith ... That's why in our era, the human race was able to suppress the entire world and unify it!"
 Li Hao was deep in thought.
 Director Wang continued,"monster plants and monster beasts, just like that ... If you think that killing monster plants and monster beasts can deal with the military's strong people, then you're wrong. You have to remember this. If you encounter some military's neo martial artists ... I mean the kind that betrays you, when you fight them, you must treat them as if they are a higher level existence. Otherwise, you're dead!"
 Li Hao kept nodding.
 So that was how it was!
 "There's one more thing. In the new martial era, there are many paths. There's more than one, and the origin Dao is just one of them. Before the new martial era, there were still other eras. In that era, weapons and physical bodies were cultivated. Even if the origin Dao was gone, they were still powerful! But of course ..."
 "I don't think ... There are such people in the land of the Silver Moon," he said after some thought.
 Li Hao frowned,"director, are you saying that these people are still very strong even without the origin Dao?" Maintain peak combat strength?"
 "That's not necessarily the case. After all, the energy has been extinguished, and their physical bodies may be gone. Even if there are these people, unless their spiritual power is strong, otherwise, their physical bodies will decay and they're almost finished."
 Director Wang explained the situation to him.
  "Is there anything you need to do this time?"
 "I want to try to revive general Huai."
 "What?"
 Director Wang was surprised. Li Hao took out the huge tree trunk. Director Wang looked at it and smiled."The Golden Palm Tree is dead?"
 "Yes, do you know him, director?"
 "I do. It's the monster plant guard from the security Department at the Heavenly Star Town. I'm in charge of the security Department, so how could I not know?"
 "The security departments of the eight main cities are all one rank higher than the one in Star Town. I've even been to Star Town to inspect it a few times. I've seen this golden Gu a few times ..." Director Wang laughed.
 As he said this, his tone became a little dull."Why did you kill it?"
 "It supported the nine divisions behind the scenes and caused chaos in the star dynasty. It should be killed!"
 Director Wang was silent for a while before saying,"From your point of view, perhaps you should do this. From my point of view ... It's not easy to survive ..."
 "They all want to come to Silver Moon to devour you. Director, do you still think they're on your side?"
 “……”
 Director Wang was speechless.
 "Also," Li Hao continued,"I've been to the remains. The star police force is probably all dead, creating the source of chaos. It's the only one still alive. I don't see the bodies of the others."
 "Chaos source?"
 "What?" director Wang was stunned. His expression turned serious."Tell me, what's the situation?"
 Li Hao briefly explained the situation at the remains.
 Director Wang was silent for a long time.
 "Heavenly Star Town ... Is there a riot? The origin source of chaos was actually born, which means that a large number of experts died in an instant ..."
 He sighed."It seems that the reason why the energy supply to the Heavenly Star Town was cut off back then might be related to the insurrection."
 Without saying anything more, he looked at the trunk of the golden trunk and smiled again,""This is not bad. Perhaps it can really revive general Huai. It's beyond my expectations that you could get this so quickly ..."
 Li Hao also chuckled."It was mainly because of the help of the Imperial Palace guard. He's really awesome. He cut off half of his original body."
  Director Wang laughed."Don't tell me. I can't make the decision. You can talk to general Huai."  How could he not understand Li Hao's meaning?
 He started talking about the benefits.
 However, he really couldn't make the decision.
 Li Hao was speechless.
 After thinking for a while, he said,"director, I have a question. Do you know about Yuanping martial arts university?" The Managing Director is a great saint, and now that he's recovered, does that mean he's the only great saint in Silver Moon?"
 “……”
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Wang was stunned.
 He was not the only one. At this moment, a golden armor appeared. The ninth Master's Voice was cold."You said that there's someone alive over there?"
 "En!"
 Li Hao nodded."Managing Director. He's wearing black armor. There's a cat's head printed on it."
 He cursed in his heart. This person had actually been eavesdropping all this time. He was also convinced.
 Soldiers!
 Was this appropriate?
 "They didn't evacuate?"
 The ninth Division commander was slightly dazed."There aren't many people there, and there aren't any civilians either. It's easy to evacuate ... Why did they stay?"
 "He actually didn't leave, this ..." Director Wang also said in a low voice.
 At this moment, an old voice rang in everyone's ears.""Maybe it was too late. The Stargate closed in a hurry, so he might have encountered some danger at that time. He might have been one step behind, one step late, and couldn't leave in time."
 Li Hao listened in silence.
 From the looks of it, that Managing director's position wasn't low.
 The ninth Division commander glanced at Li Hao and said after a long time,""You said that there was a riot in the Heavenly Star Town?"
 "Yes."
  "Of the three missions you received, you can complete one now. The one at Heavenly Star Town is considered completed. You can go to the military supplies Department to receive your reward."
 Li Hao remembered that it was 10000 military credits.
 But to be honest, he didn't think he was interested in the 10000 military credits anymore.
 In exchange for 100000 divine energy stones?
 Or should he change the title of a teacher?
 The title of a teacher is useless. I have the Golden spine, but its defense ... It's barely satisfactory.
 The rest were useless.
 As for the sky-piercing Sword Art, he still remembered that it was exactly 10000 merit points.
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"Oh right, there's one more thing. It's said that the Vice commander in chief who guards the mine is still alive. He's been guarding it the whole time. He didn't let the monster plants like rose thorns attack."

 "Oh!"
 The 9th Division commander didn't really care about this. Director Wang also smiled,""It's good that you're alive, but ... You're really a blockhead!"
 Li Hao was startled. Why did he say that?
 He was still guarding the big mine up until now, which was already very awesome.
 Why did these two look down on such a loyal servant?
 Director Wang explained,"since there's a riot in Tian Xing town, something must have happened. Why is he still guarding the mine?" It's useless! He had directly exploded and died together. What was the use of living after being tormented for countless years? This blockhead obviously hadn't comprehended the true neo martial spirit! All of the giant ore veins had explosive devices that could instantly explode and destroy the entire Sky Star Island! It's fine if he's dead, but he's actually still alive ..."
 He didn't want to say anything more.
 "Just because you're alive doesn't mean you're a good person," the ninth Division commander said coldly. "Why didn't you blow up the mine? that's a big problem!" If it did, we would at least be able to sense that the mine had exploded, and we would at least know whether it was rescue or something else. However, the mine didn't explode, and we knew nothing about the situation in Heavenly Star Town, causing us to miss the best time to rescue ... If you encounter it, be careful!"
 Was it like this?
 Li Hao came back to his senses. It turned out that in the eyes of these two, the other party's failure to blow up the giant Mine was a dereliction of duty.
  To tell the truth, Li Hao was in fact very impressed that there were still people guarding the mine.
 Was there anything wrong with sticking to his duty?
 In the end ... These neo martial artists actually did not see it that way. The other party felt that he should blow up the huge mine.
 Director Wang consoled him again,"don't worry too much. Maybe something happened and he didn't have time. Or maybe the mine's explosive device was destroyed. It's possible ... But if it's destroyed, it means he's not doing his job. That's because it's the core of his defense. Is he really afraid that people will steal the mine?"
 Alright!
 There was nothing much to say to these ancient people. They had their own standards of judgment and style, and there were some things that Li Hao couldn't understand.
 Neither of them mentioned Li Hao's problem, nor did they ask him why he had become so much stronger.
 In fact, she could tell a thing or two, but she didn't say anything.
 Each had their own path, and Li Hao's ability to improve was his own.
 The ninth Division commander didn't mention this again. He only said to Li Hao,""If you go to Yuanping martial Sciences University again ... Send my regards. Also, pass on my message to that person ..."
 "Tell him that the heaven-battling Army is still preparing for battle and has not completely given up!" He said after a moment of silence.
 Li Hao was a little confused.
 Why did he say that?
 The other party is stronger than all of you, right? don't tell me he's not as tough as you?
 The ninth master didn't say much. He had some understanding of that person. He had a reclusive personality and was prone to going to extremes. It had been so many years since he had recovered. Seeing the current scene, he might choose to completely perish.
 This was something he did not want to see.
 The two of them didn't mention this again.
 ? He only mentioned general Huai,"can this golden hou tree revive general Huai?"
 "It's hard to say,"
 "I'll try!"
 Li Hao couldn't help but interject."That ... It's very difficult for me to kill this guy. I almost lost all my men. If general Huai really revives, that ..."
 "You'll know once you ask. "
 Li Hao was speechless. She hadn't recovered yet, so why should he ask?
 "When she recuperates, what can I say if she says that she didn't agree before?
 Old tortoise, on the other hand, spoke with a smile,""Don't worry, you'll get your share of the benefits. "  Alright!
 Although he wasn't sure of the old turtle's status, he felt that it was very strong. He would just believe it.
 "If I go, do I just feed it?"
 "Just place it on the altar!"
 Li Hao didn't ask any more questions and flew out.
 The two gold-tier powerhouses had also arrived at the city gate, but they didn't go out with Li Hao.
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Outside the city.
 At the altar.
 Li Hao held the huge tree trunk in his hand, somewhat reluctant and somewhat fearful, but he still said,""I, Li Hao of the heaven-battling Army, have brought you an immortal body. Please revive!"
 After saying that, the huge tree trunk was stuffed into the altar bit by bit. The altar was also devouring it in a very slow manner.
 But gradually, the speed increased a lot.
 At this moment, the huge tree hole started to tremble slightly.
 Li Hao heard a rumbling sound.
 The entire heaven battling city was originally very dark, but at this moment, it seemed as if a ray of light had appeared.
 The commotion was getting bigger and bigger!
 The Golden centipede's body was also quickly devoured.
 The earth quaked and the mountains shook!
 At this moment, the branches of an incomparably large pagoda tree began to tremble, and the entire world seemed to be illuminated.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Silver Moon land.
 Suddenly, there were flashes of light everywhere.
 All the ruins were shaking.
  White moon City.
 Director Zhao's expression changed slightly and he disappeared. In the blink of an eye, he appeared on the ground and quickly entered it.
 This was also a city.
 It was extremely huge!
 At this moment, a few gold-tier Warriors appeared in the city. Outside the city, a towering tree also trembled slightly, but it only lasted for a moment before it stopped shaking.
 On the city wall, a golden-armored warrior's voice trembled.""It seems ... It seems to be the fluctuations from heaven battling city ... Heaven battling city ... Has general Huai been revived?"
 Director Zhao's expression changed,"heaven battling city?" Didn't they say that the main cities are extremely powerful and difficult to revive?"
 There were at least hundreds of millions of divine energy stones!
 Even if silver Moon exhausted all his assets, it would still be difficult to restore a main city's monster plant.
 The gold-tier warrior was also a little confused. He shook his head and said,""I don't know, but the fluctuations just now were very strong. If someone were to wake up, it must be a powerful person from the eight great cities! The eight main cities are responsible for guarding the entire Silver Moon land. Only the revival of the monster plants in the eight main cities will affect this place ..."

