fileno%d
his way could the five secret techniques be combined to form the breathing technique of five birds.
 "It's not obvious outside, but it'll definitely be obvious here ..."
 The next moment, the five stars spread out and activated the five secret techniques again. His teacher had created the breathing technique of five birds back then, but it might not have been one of these five secret techniques. However, they all had the same goal.
 There must be a special connection between them.
 If he observed it from a microscopic perspective, he might be able to discover something and connect the nine stars to form the nine elements secret skill.
 In this way, he didn't need to cultivate nine secret skills alone in the future. He could just cultivate one.
 Not only could it save a lot of time, but it could also be fused into one, strengthening the five internal organs and bones.
 At this moment, Li Hao had almost forgotten what was happening outside.
 Here, he used a macro perspective to observe the great Dao of the universe.
 If one were to use microscopic means to analyze it, the bright star sector would be a paradise for martial arts. One could infinitely magnify magical powers, and also infinitely shrink secret techniques.
  It was simply unbelievable!
 As for the special energy in the universe that strengthened the body, that was secondary in Li Hao's opinion.
 His physical body would be strengthened sooner or later.
 It was an opportunity that could not be missed to gain enlightenment.
 He was a little obsessed with the splitting method. He kept rearranging the stars. The more he rearranged them, the more he felt that the Dao of all things was ever-changing and extremely interesting. It turned out that Dao also had rules and basic logic.
 Water and fire could co-exist, but they needed to be separated into the original foundation before they could coexist. Previously, water and fire did not merge for no reason.
 In the void, the two great stars collided.
 On a single Water Star, the waves were monstrous.
 A spark, a fierce tiger's roar.
 The Tiger's mouth swallowed the waves. Gradually, the Tiger stepped on the huge waves, and the water and fire began to merge.
 "I see ..."
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the outside world.
 Heaven and earth churned.
 In the sky, the rain suddenly poured down. Immediately after, the sunset appeared, like flames rising into the sky, and a rainbow appeared.
 At this moment, all the experts raised their heads and looked at the sky.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Earth-overturning sword, heaven sword ...
 These top-tier martial masters all looked up and felt that the world was changing. The power of water and fire started to come alive.
 In the air, even the energy born from the world was accelerating.
 Fire energy was active, and so was water energy.
 Outside the stellarsky city, the stellarsky sea trembled, and the waves rose to the sky.
 In the Imperial Palace.  Hong Yitang looked up at the sky. Not far away, a few members of the imperial family were also puzzled. They looked up at the sky and felt that the sky was a little glaring. The power of fire appeared.
 "What's the situation?"
 "I don't know,"
 "The energy seems to have become denser."
 "Second recovery?"
 "No, it's not that slow. It's just a little bit more energy ..."
 Everyone was discussing. Hong Yitang had been looking at the sky with his eyes closed. At this moment, an empty universe seemed to appear in his eyes. It was as if he saw the fusion of fire and water, as if he saw a Tiger stepping on the waves.
 ……
 In the underground ruins.
 Yuan Shuo and the others were secretly digging a hole when Yuan Shuo suddenly stopped. His eyes flickered with fire, and he quickly closed his eyes and sat down cross-legged. Hei Teng was a little puzzled and turned to look at Yuan Shuo.
 Yuan Shuo didn't say anything. He just closed his eyes to sense something.
 After a while, he opened his eyes and stood up."Continue."
 Director Wang was a little suspicious and said,""What happened just now?"
 "It's alright. A new era ... Is coming!"
 Yuan Shuo suddenly laughed. He was a little arrogant as he transmitted his voice,"Neo martial is neo martial, and silver Moon is Silver Moon. Maybe Silver Moon inherited neo martial, but neo martial has been gone for 100000 years. 100000 years, the sea has changed into the fields. Neo martial Dao, not the Silver Moon Dao!"
 Hei Teng was extremely calm."It's good that you like it. There are countless worlds in the universe, and neo martial is only one of them. It's not the entire universe. If you don't pursue neo martial and pursue a new Dao, it may also be the beginning of civilization."
 "Senior is so bold!"
 "No, it's just that ... We're separated by an era, so I can't get close to him."
 Black Phoenix spoke the truth.
 Neo martial was neo martial, but Silver Moon was completely different 100000 years later. They were separated by an era, and there was no closeness to speak of. Whether the people of Silver Moon wanted to take a new path or inherit the neo martial art ... It was up to them.
 Even if the human King was here, he wouldn't care too much. As long as they didn't want to invade neo martial arts, it was up to them. The human king only took care of the neo martial artists, those who fought for the era.
 For the new generation of neo martial arts, the human King just wanted peace and did not give them any special treatment. As the human King said, after my death and the death of my friends, what does it matter to me what happens in the world?
  p If there is a new emperor, it is the new emperor who is protecting the people. If they don't provoke me, why should I care about you?  Yuan Shuo chuckled and did not mind.
 The group of people continued to venture deeper.
 After a while, black armor stopped.
 The others stopped in their tracks.
 At this moment, a cold voice was heard.""I don't know which friend has arrived, but it's unexpected that he could actually sneak into this place!"
 Hei Teng's expression was grave as he instantly appeared.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo felt the world spin around him. He found himself in an empty space. No one had expected that the core of the mine vein would have such a large open space. Yuan Shuo's first sight was not the red shadow, but the huge Lake.
 At this moment, hei Teng had also seen it, but he did not say anything.
 Director Wang took a deep breath and looked at the red shadow and the floating body in the lake. He gritted his teeth and said,""What great courage, what great courage! You used the treasures in the star mineral vein to form the body of a King. Who are you?"

 The three monster plants were also slightly shocked when they heard this.
 He was going to form the body of a Heavenly King!
 This ...
 What was a Heavenly King?
 An existence above the Saint stage!
 During Silver moon's peak, other than the powerhouses passing by, the sword venerable who had been guarding the place, the principal of Yuan Ping martial arts university, and even the castellans of the eight major cities were only at the peak of Saint.
 As for whether or not he had entered the Heavenly King level, no one knew.
 And now, someone here, with the help of the Heavenly Star Mine, condensed the body of a Heavenly King. Was this ... A Heavenly King?
 In this declining era, if a Heavenly King appeared ... It would be simply inconceivable. It would not be difficult for him to sweep across the world, even if many saints joined forces.
 Hei Teng looked at it for a while, then said indifferently,"He didn't deliberately form the Heavenly King's body. He was just injured and had no choice! This person should be one of the experts who attacked the Heavenly Star Town back then, but was injured by Jiang Yu of the Heavenly Star Town. He had no choice but to stay here and recuperate. Later on, heaven and earth were separated, and the origin was destroyed, which made things convenient for him. "
  The red shadow condensed into a human form and looked at hei Teng. After a long while, he said,"Good eyes! Jiang Yu has indeed injured my core and even left behind an indelible wound. The rich energy in the Heavenly Star Mine should be enough for me to recover. "
 He then looked at hei Teng."You ... I'm not too familiar with you. But I do know Wang Ye. You ... Are you from Yuanping martial arts university?"
 "Not familiar with me?" hei Teng smiled. That's interesting. The top existences of the eight major cities should all know me. It seems that you didn't have a high status in the eight major cities back then. "
 The red shadow also laughed."You're not wrong. Compared to you, I'm just an insignificant person. But ... Times have changed. What about now?"
 "It doesn't make much of a difference now,"
 Hei Teng looked at him and said softly,"you've changed your appearance. Your origin has been destroyed. Even now, you're still so sneaky. It seems like someone still knows you!" "In addition, the Vice Commander-in-Chief outside, Sun Xin, has probably really betrayed us. What a pity. I thought that someone from the star Army had really survived and would continue to stay behind and guard the giant Mine!"
 Speaking of this, he continued."You should have been a group of people back then. I'm just curious. What did you rely on to dare to rebel against neo martial arts?"
 "You'd better ask in hell!"The red shadow laughed.
 In an instant, the world spun!
 The world seemed to have changed and returned to the primordial era.
 "Someone at the initial stage of martial arts?"
 "Spiritual domain?"
 At this moment, heaven and earth seemed to have returned to the chaotic world of the past.
 The red shadow smiled."If you think so, then so be it. I'm just curious about one thing. The space outside is unstable. How did you enter this place?" If you tell me, perhaps you'll suffer less!"
 "Suffering?"
 Hei Teng laughed."My heart is dead. But now that I see a rat like you living like a dog, I suddenly feel ... If you can live, why can't I?"
 In an instant, the sky split open.
 A long saber appeared in the sky.  As the saber slashed down, the others didn't even see anything. They only saw the primal Chaos split apart. At this moment, everyone's vision blurred, and hei Teng seemed to have disappeared. He had turned into a handsome young man with peerless beauty!
 At this moment, it was as if they had returned to the past.
 The young man held a long saber in his hand and was in high spirits.
 Red lips and white teeth, her appearance was slightly feminine and beautiful, but she was using a knife, which made her a little out of place.
 He looked at the red shadow with a smile."There are no Tigers in the mountains, so the monkeys are the Kings! I've seen the human King sweep across the world, but he wasn't so arrogant. I've seen my grandfather preach to the world, but he wasn't so arrogant!"
 "You rat, you dare to be so arrogant!"
 The blade fell!
 The firmament split open, and the chaos shattered.
 Yuan Shuo and the others felt their mouths go dry. Yuan Shuo suddenly wanted to pull Li Hao out and show him what a fight between two peerless experts was like!
 BOOM!
 In the void, the red shadow instantly enlarged by tens of thousands of times, like a giant who opened the sky. Holding a giant axe, he chuckled,""Perhaps ... I know who you are, but ... That was in the past. Now, you're just a broken Saint. You can use whatever means you have!"
 The sky-splitting giant axe chopped down, and the world turned into chaos again.
 "You sure have a big mouth!"
 Hei Teng laughed as he slashed the heavens and earth. In an instant, a book of the great Dao appeared in his hand. The moment the book was opened, the world began to spin, the sun and moon appeared in the sky, and thousands of stars shone.
 At this moment, be it director Wang or the monster plants, they all swallowed their saliva.
 The book of DAOs!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com BOOM!
  In a world of chaos, the darkness would give off light.
 The red shadow groaned. The young man reached out again and countless chaotic Qi turned into a blood-red bow. He pulled the bow and shot an arrow!
 The sky was torn apart!
 In the next second, a long spear appeared in the youth's hand. The spear tore apart the sky and earth, and the sky and earth split open again. Cracks appeared on the incomparably tall giant's body, and red blood continuously dripped down.
 "Hmph!"
 With a cold Humph, the red giant punched out and said coldly,""As expected of the descendant of a top expert, you know so many venerable sovereign techniques. But ... You've learned too many things. No wonder you weren't as famous as your sister in the past. At least your sister has reached the peak of the Heavenly King realm. You don't seem to have reached the Heavenly King realm yet. You can't bite off more than you can chew. A venerable sovereign's techniques are enough for you to enjoy for the rest of your life. I didn't expect ... You've learned so many venerable sovereign techniques!"
 He had learned too much!
 They were all top-tier venerable sovereigns 'techniques. The blood-red bow was from the blood Emperor, the sky-splitting spear was from the God-splitting Emperor, the book of Dao was from Supreme Zhang, and the saber technique might be from the human King ...
 There were too many!
 He was very strong. Every technique he used was the strongest among those of the same level. However ... After learning so much, how could he still have the mood to advance?

 The feminine-looking young man chuckled."That's true. My father once scolded me. My grandfather also said that I shouldn't do this. The principal also said that ... I shouldn't learn from her. She learned many things, but she could find Emperor Cang to refine everything. I can't ..."
 After saying that, he laughed."That's why I went to school and became a teacher with a peace of mind. It's a pity that ... You bastards didn't give me time. How hateful!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he slashed down with his saber and the red shadow split open again.
 The muffled groan was heard again!
 But right at this moment, a bright light suddenly burst out from the heaven and earth. In the blink of an eye, an incomparably huge golden giant emerged, and Wang Ye's face immediately changed.
 The red shadow was no match for hei Teng.
 However, the other party had been cultivating for many years and had cultivated an extremely strong body that had almost absorbed the essence of the entire mine. At this moment, the red shadow also knew that it was no match for this young man with a huge background, so it directly revealed its incomplete body.
 As soon as his physical body appeared, the world was shrouded in golden light!
 The red shadow's angry voice sounded,""The world is no longer recovering, so you shouldn't have come here. Only when my physical body is complete and the broken minerals explode and my physical body is born should the second recovery begin ... I'm very curious, How did you come in?"
 These words were filled with anger and unwillingness!
  It shouldn't have been like this!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com According to the plan, he had successfully formed his physical body and advanced to the Heavenly King true body. At that time, the broken mine vein would explode. He would appear as a Heavenly King and sweep across the world. He would instantly destroy the remnants of the major cities and quickly complete the plan.
 However ... A Saint had arrived in advance, and it was an extremely powerful Saint.
 One had to know that even if there were two of them, he wouldn't have to fear them and allow his physical body to be born.
 But now ... He had no choice but to do so.
 Even though the other party had learned a lot of things, it also depended on what he learned.
 Every single combat technique was at the venerable sovereign level.
 The more one learned, the stronger one was.
 "It's just a fake Heavenly King's body. You really think you're a Heavenly King?"
 The young man snorted and another book appeared in his hand. The book of Dao appeared and a person suddenly appeared in the void. Everyone's face changed."Blood Emperor ..."
 BOOM!
 A human figure appeared, and a bent bow shot out, shattering the world.
 The arrow pierced through the Golden body, and a bloody hole appeared.
 The red shadow groaned. At this moment, the red shadow quickly burrowed into the Golden body. In an instant, an extremely powerful aura overflowed and the bloody holes on his body recovered in the blink of an eye.
 He said coldly and angrily,"you think you can kill me with this method?" You're underestimating me!"
 The young man frowned slightly and opened the book of Dao again.
 In another instant, a human figure appeared. A long spear pierced through the air, shattering the void. The other party's axe came slashing over, but the axe shattered.
 The Golden body retreated again.
  The pages of the book kept flipping.  One after another, figures emerged. Wang Ye and the others were dumbfounded. Those were the shadows of venerable sovereigns. Of course, they were not real venerable sovereigns, but just the techniques learned by the young venerable sovereigns. Now, they had turned into the shadows of venerable sovereigns, and through the book of great Dao, they burst out with powerful strength.
 Yuan Shuo only felt that this was unreal!
 He felt the boundless aura, the magnificence of the beginning of the world, and the reality of Li Hao's claim that he would be blown to death in one breath.
 'Damn it!'
 These people, even in this era, were they still so powerful?
 It was too terrifying!
 He was too ... Excited!
 He widened his eyes and watched. At this moment, he even forgot about Li Hao's existence. He only watched in excitement, especially the young man who had transformed into hei Teng. He had many tricks up his sleeve, and this ... Was very much in line with Yuan Shuo's appetite.
 He had also learned a variety of skills, otherwise, he wouldn't have the technique of five birds.
 At this moment, this young man was the same.
 A book of the great path reappeared like a projection. Countless venerable sovereigns appeared. Some of them held huge hammers that cracked the heaven and earth apart. They used the Golden body as a weapon to hit.
 Someone was incomparably overbearing. With a punch, chaos exploded.
 There were also people who came out with swords and cut off the other party's arm.
 Yuan Shuo was in a carefree mood as he watched.
 Hei Teng sighed inwardly. His opponent was already covered in blood and in terrible condition, but the energy he had was too dense. What Li Hao had given him was really not enough.
 He did not have a physical body and only had some energy to sustain himself. The other party had pulled him into a chaotic space as soon as he had arrived. It was also a spiritual domain to prevent him from absorbing energy and constantly recovering.
 Obviously, the other party had also seen through his weakness.
  Now, he had the absolute advantage.
 No matter how strong the other party's body was ... If he was at his peak, he could even kill a real Heavenly King, let alone a fake Heavenly King!
 But now ... He couldn 't.
 He wasn't injured, and he didn't even let the other party get close to him.
 From an outsider's point of view, it was too easy to beat up the red shadow. However, he knew that this was under the condition that he still had energy in his body. Otherwise ... Once his pure mental power was exhausted, he would be in trouble.
 From the corner of his eyes, he glanced at Yuan Shuo, and then at Wang Ye. Seeing that they were so mesmerized that they seemed to have forgotten everything ... He really wanted to say,'have you all forgotten that I only have a broken body?'
 Have you seen enough?
 Wang Ye, that stupid brat, did you forget that you are an undying being, so you should at least be of some use if you come up to help. Or perhaps, Wang Ye saw that he was so relaxed and felt that he didn't need any help?
 A soft sigh sounded in his heart.
 Unfortunately, it was no longer the same.

 No matter how many tricks I have up my sleeve, my opponent's body, which has been nurtured for countless years, is unparalleled in strength and has extracted a large amount of mineral essence. It is not something that a cripple like me, who has been sleeping for countless years, can compare to.
 Hei Teng quickly pulled himself together.
 There was still hope!
 His opponent's body and spirit had not been completely integrated. As long as his body was greatly damaged and his spiritual power was weakened, Li Hao could still cut him off!
 He had asked Li Hao to hide just to be on guard. He was very confident that he wouldn't be afraid of Li Hao in a real spiritual power battle.
 But now ... Perhaps Li Hao could really be of use.
 As he thought about it, the book of Dao in his hand was still ever-changing.
 He had learned all the techniques in his life.
 From the great blade of the human King to the small Dao of the peak, they were all appearing.
 In the blink of an eye, all the figures merged into one, like a long Dragon, and turned into a long blade. The young man waved the long blade and slashed!
  BOOM!
 The other party also struck out with his axe. The giant axe was instantly shattered, and more cracks appeared on his body.
 The red shadow's voice came out with a smile,""Amazing!"
 He was indeed very powerful, there was no mockery.
 However ... He had already sensed that the other party's aura was weakening. If he had met this person at his peak, even if he had really become a Heavenly King, he might not be able to escape death. As expected of the direct descendant of a top-tier omnipotent expert.
 But now ... How long can you maintain this?
 "One hundred thousand years of decline, one hundred thousand years of hibernation, the disappearance of heaven and earth energy, and Yuanping martial arts University's energy supply has long been cut off. I don't know where you got the energy from, but how long can it last?
 The young man raised his saber and hacked at the man without saying a word.
 One slash after another!
 At this moment, Wang Ye also sensed that something was wrong, and his expression changed slightly. This ... The saber intent was getting stronger and stronger, but ... He also felt that the energy of this martial uncle was being consumed rapidly!
 If this continued, there would be problems.
 For a moment, Wang Ye was also somewhat anxious.
 His combat strength was also very strong, but now, the other party had the body of a pseudo Heavenly King, which was unparalleled. Even if he attacked, he might not be able to do anything.
 But ... He still had to make a move!
 In an instant, he held the city Lord's seal and a turtle shield appeared around his body. The seal turned into a pair of gloves and director Wang punched out. With a loud boom, the strength that exploded out was heaven-shaking!
 "Go!"
 Little tree and the other monster plants were also shocked. The next moment, the Imperial Palace appeared and suppressed the heaven and earth!
 However, the Imperial Palace that had always been successful had just appeared and was about to suppress it when the Golden body let out a violent roar. Its blood Qi rushed to the sky and earth, and with a boom, the Imperial Palace was shattered!
 "The Imperial Palace? Laughable. This Palace doesn't even have much of a great Emperor's aura. You can deal with ordinary people, but you want to deal with me? You're just a mere peak monster plant, you're overestimating yourself!"
  The red shadow sneered.  This was really overestimating his own ability.
 There was a huge gap between a fake Heavenly King and a peak-level Heavenly King. It was true that the origin was destroyed, but the gap was still huge.
 Do you want to hurt me with this?
 In the next moment, the Redwood tree and the date tree also made their moves.
 The branches pierced through the sky and earth. In the blink of an eye, they were chopped down by the axe. With a crack, the branches broke. The true bodies of the two demon plants trembled in fear. This person ... Was too strong!
 Yuan Shuo had long since avoided them and hid far away.
 At this moment, a single aftershock would be enough to destroy him.
 Yuan Shuo's only mission was to avoid the aftershock and listen to hei Teng's orders at the critical moment to pull Li Hao out. In truth, he felt that it was ... Useless.
 Even if Li Hao was more powerful than him, he could only reach the level of the small tree. However, the small tree's Imperial Palace had been torn apart. What was the point of Li Hao's appearance?
 It wasn't that they looked down on Li Hao, but a battle of this level was too far away from them!
 Yuan Shuo was also crying bitterly in his heart!
 This time, they might have to suffer a setback. They were not afraid of suffering a setback. What they were afraid of was that they would all die Here. It would be troublesome outside.
 The black-cloaked youth sighed and said slowly,""It seems that today is the day of my death. There's nothing to be reluctant about. I just want to know who you are colluding with in the outer realm. Was he a neo martial expert or an expert from a foreign world? If no one had colluded, how could you have isolated Silvermoon ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Let the dead have no peace, isn't that what the human King said?"
 "Even the dead can speak, so ... It's better that you don't know!" The red shadow laughed.
 "Are you even worthy of mentioning the human King?"
 The young man looked at him coldly. It seemed like the other party was not going to say anything.
 At this moment, he held the book of great Dao in his hand and snorted. The next moment, a figure appeared on the book. This time, it was different from the past. The figure this time was a little graceful. It was obviously a woman.
  The book of Dao suddenly burned!
 The young man looked at the figure that was becoming more and more condensed and felt a little sad. Looking at the figure, he smiled. Then, he looked at the Golden body of the red figure and laughed,""The principal ... He said that the heavens are no longer Fang 's!"
 In an instant, The Phantom's power increased dramatically!
 The young man transformed into a black banner once again and instantly became one with the shadow. He held the long saber and slashed down!
 "Life severing!"
 A low roar reverberated through the chaos!
 With a cracking sound, the huge body was cut in half. However, it was recovering at an unimaginable speed.
 In his body, a red shadow appeared. It was instantly weakened by the slash, but it still laughed. "You're quite capable to risk your life for this attack. Unfortunately ..."
 At this moment, hei Teng's voice rang in Yuan Shuo's ears.
 "At this moment!"

 Yuan Shuo didn't dare to delay any further. A mouthful of blood gushed out from his mouth.
 Five types of Shi instantly appeared!
 This time, it appeared near the red shadow. A stone blade was held in the mouth of five types of Shi, and a blood-colored path appeared between heaven and earth!
 The red shadow felt that something was wrong.
 But at this moment, he couldn't care about that. With one punch, he sent director Wang flying. A red shadow condensed and another punch sent Sequoia flying, causing the two immortal bodies to collapse.
 In the next moment, he threw a punch at the extremely weak hei Teng.
 This was a rare opportunity. He had to kill this person!
 The red shadow was a little excited. Even in the new martial era, it was difficult for such an existence to die. This person's status was extremely high. If he killed this person ... Perhaps he could completely break the fear left behind by the new martial arts.
 To break the fear in their hearts!
 Yes, none of the powerhouses who had survived from that era were not afraid of neo martial.
  At this moment, nine huge stars seemed to have appeared in the void!
 Li Hao's figure appeared in an instant. Nine big stars were revolving around him.
 Li Hao held the starry sky sword in his hand, still in a daze.
 It was only when he saw the red shadow throw a punch at hei Teng, who seemed to be on the verge of being killed, that Li Hao finally came to his senses.
 In the next moment, the nine great stars merged into one and disappeared, landing on the starry sky sword.
 Li Hao roared and slashed down with his sword!
 Seven of the nine super powers were strong and two were weak, but they were barely integrated into one. As the sword slashed down, a special force emerged. The red shadow seemed to change its expression and retreated quickly. Suddenly, it felt that the nearby void was locked!
 He was surprised and shouted,""Break!"
 BOOM!
 The space lock exploded. Li Hao's sword was shattered by the red shadow's powerful mental power. At the same time, the mental power was also shattered. The red shadow was surprised, but it also smiled.
 This ... Was the other party's backup plan?
 It was indeed dangerous!
 However, even if my spiritual power is not at its peak, it will still be difficult for this person to kill me!
 At this moment, he was even more curious about where the other party had been hiding.
 How did the power of the nine elements appear?
 He was very curious and even thought that if he captured this person alive, he might be the key to hei Teng's entry into this place. In an instant, he thought of many, many things.
 At this moment, Li Hao smiled.
 Under the red shadow's somewhat surprised gaze, his starry sky sword touched it lightly, and the stone saber that had just received him shattered instantly. Not only that, but the wind chasing boots under his feet were also instantly shattered!
 Of the eight divine weapons, two were broken.
 The Hong family's Divine Hammer had also been broken and the three divine weapons had disappeared.
 The starry sky sword instantly devoured it, and its aura skyrocketed.
 Li Hao's expression was cold. Countless techniques appeared on his sword again. At this moment, it was as if countless forces were gathering.
 Li Hao slashed down again!
 BOOM!
 In the sky, countless huge stars floated and locked onto the world. But it was not enough. Li Hao roared, and the stars in the sky turned into a long sword, which was instantly integrated into it!
 "Slash!"
 With a loud shout, the sword slashed down.
 The red shadow's expression changed completely!
 What kind of method was this?
 Never seen before!
 The starry sky sword, the Li family descendant ... But ... What kind of means was this?
 The stars in the sky were somewhat similar to the great Dao of origins, but ... They were completely different. He could not touch them, as if they were in a different world.
 His body that was split open quickly healed.
 It wanted to wrap the red shadow within it!
 As long as his mental energy was wrapped in his physical body, his strong physical body should be able to block this sword without any problem.
 However, just as his physical body was about to be wrapped in mental energy, a Thunderbolt suddenly appeared out of nowhere. Without a sound, the Thunderbolt struck his physical body, and his physical body froze for a moment.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, it did not heal at this moment.
 At the edge of chaos, a dog had already collapsed weakly on the ground. Its tongue was out, as if it had no more meaning in life. It only had one task, which was to act at its own discretion and choose the right time.
 It had determined that this moment might be the best opportunity.
 It only had the power to strike once, and it was a very powerful strike.
 Even though it had an extremely strong fake Heavenly King body, it was still a little sluggish from the attack. In fact, the damage was not too great. It was much weaker than the red shadow.
 However ... At this moment, it was as if he had frozen his opponent's body for a moment.
 In the blink of an eye, Li Hao's all-out attack shattered the other sword that had two divine weapons and fell from the sky!
 Buzzzzzz!
 Kachaa!
  As if something had been broken, the red shadow was cut by the sword, and its body instantly healed, wrapping the broken power of the red shadow inside.  Everyone's expression changed!
 Failed?
 This was already the best they could do. If they still failed ... Then this time, everyone would be finished.
 At this moment, even hei Teng's expression turned slightly grave.
 Although Li Hao's sword attack was powerful, it might not be able to completely annihilate his opponent.
 If there was any mental energy left, with his body fully recovered ... There was a high chance that all the weak guys present would be killed.
 He wasn't afraid, but it was a pity.
 At this moment, Li Hao grinned and suddenly roared.
 "Explode!"
 BOOM!
 Suddenly, a loud explosion came from his body, which had been healing. The divine runes seemed to penetrate the world and exploded instantly.
 A miserable scream came from his body!
 Li Hao's face instantly turned pale. Yuan Shuo's expression changed."This ..."
 The divine text exploded!
 This was Li Hao's force, Li Hao's path.
 Even though the situation was extremely critical, but ...
 Li Hao, however, smiled brightly and said softly,""The great Dao is in my heart. I can fuse with it whenever I want. Teacher, don't worry. As for this person ... Is he still alive?"
 He was on the verge of collapsing, and the next moment, the world began to collapse.
 "He's dead!"Black armor heaved a sigh of relief.
 The massive chaosworld began to collapse, and a massive body began to rapidly shrink. But it was still radiating golden light and was unparalleled in power!
 At this moment, a red light flashed from his body and shot toward Li Hao!
 Li Hao was overjoyed!
 A mirror appeared in front of him. The mirror was shining with an incomparably rich light, as if it had been waiting for a long time. In an instant, a crack opened, and the world in the mirror appeared. The red light directly rushed into it.
 Li Hao instantly closed the mirror and roared,"Quickly suppress it!"
 Everyone was stunned, and even hei Teng was a little distracted.
 He didn't die?
 艹!
 He had misjudged!
 How did Li Hao know?
 The mirror violently trembled as if it was about to explode. One expert after another rushed over and used their powerful strength to suppress the mirror. Li Hao laughed heartily."F * ck, we've caught a big fish. I was wondering why he didn't cry out in pain at the end and complain about the injustice of the world!"
 “……”
 Everyone was stunned. This ... Is the basis of your judgment?
 Li Hao, on the other hand, laughed wildly in excitement.
 He had really caught a big fish!
 As for why he thought that the other party might still be alive, he indeed thought so. If these existences of the ancient civilization were killed by a weakling like him, even if they died and turned into phantoms, they would still have to say a few words.
 But this guy didn't make any sound, only screamed. Do you think I'm an idiot?
 Do you have to accept it?
 In the mirror, a red shadow was charging at him and roaring furiously. Hearing Li Hao's voice, it went crazy. So ... This was what he had been relying on?
 Damn it!
 Who would have thought that he would have to give a death speech at this time?
 He was indeed too broken to support the body of a Heavenly King. That was why he thought of annihilating Li Hao and taking the starry sky sword. Perhaps he would have a chance ... But he had unexpectedly run into the wind and cloud Deputy mirror!
 This was a divine weapon forged by the venerable sovereign himself. He was in such a state that he could not break it.
 "Let me go, or else ..."
 BOOM!
  Countless energy exploded in the mirror, and the next moment, a small sword entered it and began to madly kill!
 The starry sky sword seemed to come to life as it destroyed the mirror madly.
 He did not know if it was to kill the red shadow or to take revenge for being sealed by the mirror.
 In the blink of an eye, the broken red shadow became even more broken by the starry sky sword.
 p After a long time, the mirror was silent.  As for Li Hao and the others, they were all panting heavily.
 No, there wasn 't.
 There were still some Red Shadows remaining on the mirror. Li Hao panted."He can't run away. This grandson ... Is so energetic!"
 In his heart, however, he was delighted. He had caught a big fish.
 The other party had only been beaten to death and was not completely dead. Just this point alone made the other party a super big fish.

 (A high-V must have sent out a monthly vote. I almost forgot. Uh-huh, you guys know what I mean!)
 "Hu!"
 Panting, the group of people looked at Li Hao, all confused.
 The way Li Hao determined that the red shadow was still alive ... Was too bizarre.
 The other party didn't say anything ruthless, so it was a trap?
 What kind of theory was that?
 Who made the rule that one had to shout a few words when someone died?
 This reason was simply invincible and unconvincing.
 At the current stage, this red shadow might be the most powerful existence in the current world that had already recovered. It was even stronger than the locust tree, and of course, it was also slightly stronger than hei Teng.
 However, the other party ... Was defeated just like that.
  Without a doubt, hei Teng was the main contributor.
 However, it was still unbelievable that Li Hao was able to catch the remaining mental energy of his opponent, even when hei Teng was certain that he was dead.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, didn't care about this.
 He was smiling so widely that his teeth were showing!
 He stared at the mirror with bright eyes, then at the Golden body on the ground, and finally at the lake that had just appeared. What was that Golden Lake?
 In the end, he looked around the huge mine and was instantly stunned.
 Countless divine power stones!
 The ground, the top of his head, and all around him were filled with divine power stones.
 No, it should be called an energy stone.
 The divine power Stone was just a defective product. It was trash, trash, something that people didn't want.
 During the ancient civilization, energy stones were used for cultivation.
 And now, they were here.
 At the core of the mine.
 "Will the outside world know?"
 Li Hao suddenly asked. Hei Teng shook his head slightly."He just condensed his spiritual domain, which is equivalent to the initial stage of martial world."
 "The initial stage of the martial world?"
 Li Hao was confused. What was that?
 "It's on par with your domain. "
 Hei Teng had no choice but to simplify it,"the beginning stage of martial arts is the beginning of heaven and earth, a stage in which martial arts first appeared, an era." "In that era, there was no great Dao of origin, and the universe of origin was not discovered by anyone. Hence, the beginning martial era appeared. The experts of the beginning martial era created the era of origin ... Which was the era of the nine emperors and four deities controlled by the celestial Emperor. Later, the human King ended this era and created the new martial era."
 "The beginner level world and the spiritual world are equivalent to your current world momentum domain. The two are actually of the same nature. The beginner level world is also a special space isolated from the outside world, as if it has returned to chaos."
 Li Hao understood. So that was the case!
  Hei Teng looked around and continued,"in addition, this is the core of the mine. There are already some arrangements and formations here, so the outside world can't sense this place unless there's a huge commotion. If the other party doesn't set up a spirit world, he'll be sensed because the commotion caused by our attacks is not small."  Li Hao kept nodding his head.
 In fact, he was a noob.
 He didn't know much about these things. He had only been in martial arts for a short time and had been studying modern martial arts and neo martial arts. He was only interested in the unique skills of Star Town City and the division method recorded in Yuan Ping's diary.
 "Who is this person?"
 "I don 't."
 Li Hao was startled. He didn't know her?
 How was that possible?
 "This person is a top-notch expert, right?"
 Hei Teng nodded."He's a Saint, and he's still condensing the Heavenly King's body. He's considered a powerhouse. Even in the new martial era, Saints can barely be considered powerhouses. Heavenly Kings are considered top-notch existences, and venerable sovereigns are invincible existences."
 "Then how could you not know him?"
 Li Hao was extremely surprised. How could he not recognize an expert from the new martial era?
 Black armor was speechless.
 After a long while, he said,"it's very normal. The world is very big. It's impossible for me to know everyone. If I deliberately hide it, it's even more difficult to know everything. If it's a Heavenly King or a venerable sovereign, of course, I know them all. But Saints ... There are many saints in the late-stage of neo martial arts. How can I know all of them?"
 Okay.
 It was a pity that he didn't know her.
 Li Hao was thinking that if they knew each other, he would know which main city the other party came from.
 Director Wang also coughed and spat out a mouthful of blood,""This guy must've been hiding something. This means that the other party's betrayal wasn't a spontaneous decision, but a premeditated one! I'm very curious ... It was premeditated ... Who would have the guts to do this? I would believe it if these people had an idea to close the Stargate suddenly, but it was premeditated ... How bold must they be?"
 At that time, the Stargate was still open.
 The sword Saint was personally overseeing the Silver Moon!
 Under such circumstances, the other party actually dared to plot a rebellion. It was simply unbelievable.
  Of course, this was Silvermoon. In the origin world, he probably wouldn't dare to do so.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Silvermoon also had a venerable sovereign.
 Venerable sword was one, and the principal of Yuanping martial arts university was another, but these two ... To be honest, they were not very reliable.
 Venerable the sword was focused on martial arts and didn't care much about other things.
 As for the principal, he was just a passer-by. He would run around here and there whenever he had nothing to do. He did not have the time to care much. In fact, the black armor was more in charge of Yuanping martial arts university. He would come back to visit when he had time, but when he did not have time, he would disappear.
 Li Hao didn't care too much. To be honest, he didn't really care which of the eight major cities had betrayed him.
 Even if heaven battling city had really rebelled ... He didn't care too much.
 This was a hurdle that new martial artists could not cross.
 It was not appropriate for Li Hao to say too much, but he could not provoke him or snatch his Silver Moon fief. As for the fact that the fief came from an ancestor of the new martial era ... Li Hao did not care about that. Double standards had always been his principle.
 At this moment, he didn't care about this. Instead, he quickly looked at the Golden corpse on the ground. It had already healed.

 "This body ... Is very powerful?"
 "Of course!"
 "It's extremely powerful. It's a human body forged from pure energy, large amounts of imperishable substance, spring water of life, and many other natural treasures ..."
 "That's not a weapon?"
 Li Hao was puzzled. Hei Teng shook his head."It's not a weapon. It's not impossible to say that, but this is indeed a physical body. It's no different from a real physical body."
 "I can also train my physical body?"
 Li Hao was even more confused."Does that mean that everyone can use it? or is it that only the red shadow can use it?"
 Hei Teng inspected the area and said,""This body hasn't been successfully cultivated yet. It's probably aiming for the Heavenly King level and hasn't been branded. Once it's branded, it'll have a fixed owner. If it's not, it'll have no owner."
 "Then why didn't the red shadow ... Brand him with spiritual energy?"
 Li Hao was like a curious baby, because according to his personality, he would only get what he had.
  Without a brand, aren't you afraid of being snatched away?
 Hei Teng saw that he didn't know anything and still liked to ask questions, so he felt helpless. However, at this moment, everyone was recovering, so he could only continue, "It's because the training hasn't been successful yet, understand? Now that he was branding it with his spirit, his body would be solidified! It's considered a semi-finished product, but if you enter the Heavenly King level and brand it again, it will be a finished product. It won't solidify the body, and the body can integrate with spiritual power and grow together without harming one's potential. "
 "However, if I imprint it now, my body will have no potential. If the progress of the half-finished product is interrupted, in the future, in my entire life, this body will only reach this level, the quasi-Heavenly King level. If I want to improve further, there is only one way ... To reforge my body!"
 Li Hao nodded.
 So that was how it was!
 "Half-finished product ..."
 He looked at his body and felt a little regretful.""So, if this body is to be refined by someone now, it can only be at the level of a fake Heavenly King at most and can't be improved?"
 "Yes,"
 That was indeed a pity.
 He was a Saint to begin with. He definitely didn't want the body that he spent so much time and so many treasures to create to become a fake Heavenly King's body. Wouldn't that be a waste?
 Indeed, it would take a lot of perseverance to directly imprint the spiritual mark at this time.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The red shadow obviously did not have such great perseverance.
 He could control it with a spiritual imprint.
 Li Hao glanced at hei Teng. This person's spiritual power was quite strong. If he was branded and had the body of a Heavenly King-to-be, wouldn't he be able to display the combat strength of a Heavenly King?
 That would be too powerful!
 Even if it was solidified, even if it could no longer be upgraded, an expert comparable to a Heavenly King, at the current stage ... Should be able to do whatever he wanted, right?
 "How long will it take to continue training?"
 Li Hao asked again. Hei Teng glanced at the lake and pondered for a moment before saying,""Soon. They've been nourishing their bodies all this time. When their physical bodies succeed, they'll be able to resuscitate for the second time. A long time ago, they predicted everything and made preparations. Whether it's the first recovery or the second recovery, it's all within their control. "
  He paused for a moment before continuing,"it's said that one of the resurrections destroyed one of the ruins in the Silver Moon. If I'm not mistaken, there must be a powerhouse like the red shadow in that ruin. However, I don't know if he has nurtured his physical body, but there must be some spiritual energy there. Perhaps he went out with the people who were resurrected, or he didn't go out and stayed in that ruin!"  Li Hao's heart moved.
 The first revival was broken by Ying Hongyue and the others.
 There was also a red figure beside Ying Hongyue, which Li Hao had seen with a mirror before.
 However, the other party was outside ... A spiritual force clone?
 Origin avatar?
 It was also possible!
 In that case, a resuscitated place was actually similar to this place, so ... The so-called energy recovery was all under the control of the opponent.
 Li Hao frowned.
 Extracting energy and letting all the powerhouses die before recovering their energy and controlling the revival in advance ... Perhaps the other party had made preparations long ago and had left a large number of treasures. While others were sleeping, they were reviving.
 If that was the case ... It would be terrifying.
 Had he delayed for so many years just to exhaust those powerhouses to death?
 Even if they were resurrected, those experts would be in tatters. They would not be as well-prepared as them.
 At this moment, Li Hao vaguely understood.
 This also showed that the other party's strength should not be as strong as the eight major cities at their peak. Even if the eight major cities were left behind, the other party was not confident in taking them down. Therefore, they could only delay and exhaust them to death.
 However, didn't the powerhouses of the eight great main cities all leave?
 The remaining experts were at most Saints.
 Could it be that the other party didn't even have a few Saints?
  Many doubts appeared in his mind.
 Moreover, Li Hao was certain of one thing. There should be another expert in the remains that had been revived. Putting aside the others, Ying Hongyue, the flying sword immortal, the heavenly Mountain Master, and Yama were all existences that had broken the remains during the first revival.
 These guys all knew where the ruins were.
 It was wrong!
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly remembered what director Zhou had told him. During the first recovery, many people had participated. Other than the few that Li Hao knew, there was also the general of the Wei Wu Army!
 Who was it?
 Director Zhao!
 Yes, it was director Zhao, the general of the Wei Wu Army, hahaha.
 Director Zhao ... Knew!
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly. If an expert was controlling it, then had director Zhao seen that expert before?

 This was what director Zhou told Li Hao a long time ago when they were on the way.
 Li Hao had almost forgotten about this.
 Today, he suddenly recalled that hei Teng had mentioned that the resuscitation was planned. That was why he remembered that director Zhao knew where the remains were and had participated in the resuscitation.
 "Li Hao!"
 Yuan Shuo shouted. Li Hao suddenly fell into deep thought. He had to interrupt him."What are you thinking? Are you alright? Why did you blow up the Holy prose?"
 "I'm fine. "
 Li Hao shook his head and smiled."I've gained some insight. I'm just cleaning up the impurities. I'll just condense it again and sort out the new system. It'll save me a lot of trouble."
 These words!
 Everyone had a strange look on their faces.
 There's such a person?
  At this time, he had revealed his strongest technique and acted as if nothing had happened. He said that he was sorting out the new system ... Was this something that a human could say?
 Li Hao saw that everyone was looking at him and said seriously,""It's nothing. I was clueless before and cultivated randomly. It's only been five months since then. My cultivation is a bit messy. I don't have any experience in the early stages and I don't have enough resources ... Now, I can sort it out successfully in a month at most and improve further. It's no big deal."
 Everyone was silent.
 Even Yuan Shuo, who had cultivated for the shortest amount of time, had been practicing martial arts for decades. Five months ... To hell with that!
 Li Hao laughed again and said,"besides, we've gained a lot this time ..."
 "Don't forget that there are still two saints outside!"
 Director Wang couldn't help but remind him,""This big mine is not yours!"
 What was this guy thinking?
 Li Hao looked at hei Teng."If I give this body to senior, how many times will you have to attack me?" he asked.
 Black Phoenix remained silent.
 Li Hao smiled,"senior, you don't want it?" Do you dislike your body for being too weak?"
 Hei Teng thought for a moment."The body of a Heavenly King is more valuable. It's too wasteful to imprint my spirit at this stage. I might not want this body in the future."
 The quasi-Heavenly King level was actually about the same as his physical strength back then.
 Most importantly, he didn't have any potential ... He really didn't care.
 But now, it would take several years to cultivate the body of a Heavenly King. According to his plan, the second recovery would only happen after a few years when the body succeeded.
 That was why the other party had been stopping rose thorns and the others from destroying the mine.
 "Why?" Li Hao frowned and asked,"why does it take so many years to successfully train him?"
 "I can't extract too much. This mine is related to the time of the second recovery and is a catalyst. In addition, the energy from the outside world has been extracted, so it can only be nurtured bit by bit, which is why the speed has slowed down. In addition, these years, this red shadow might have only awakened after the first recovery. During this period, it has probably been nurtured naturally."
  Hei Teng's words roughly explained the situation.  At this moment, Li Hao looked at his body and fell into deep thought.
 Hei Teng felt that the body of a quasi-Heavenly King was ordinary. He could give it to her, but wouldn't it be a waste?
 But if he didn't give it to him, what was the use of this body?
 To make soup?
 Or give it to the ninth master?
 That was the first person that came to Li Hao's mind, but he realized that he might not want it.
 Moreover, with a strong body, he might not be able to bring it out.
 At his current stage, Li Hao might not be able to protect such a powerful body while traveling.
 As for bringing the ninth Division commander here ... Would he be willing to leave heaven battling city?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 He then thought of the two saints outside ...
 The ninth master wasn't too powerful. According to what he said last time, 10 pieces of immortal wood would be enough to restore his physical body, and that was only in the early stage of immortal realm. What if it was a piece of saint's Wood?
 Would he be able to recover his own body directly? then why would he need other people's bodies?
 Thinking of this, Li Hao said,"I'd better give this body to you, senior. You can use it as a temporary transitional item. I'll brand it with my mind directly so that my mind won't be destroyed by others in the same way."
 "For me?" hei Teng was surprised and asked softly. To be honest, it's a waste. I don't like to use a body that isn't my own. If you give this body to any undying, they'll treat it as a treasure. At this stage, many people only have spirit energy left. An undying can control it and won't be weaker than any Saint. You can say that if you give this body, they'll be willing to give everything ..."
 As for giving it to him, he would at most use it as a transitional body.
 He wasn't that grateful.
  "Just treat it as a puppet weapon," Li Hao said with a smile,"it's not a big deal ..."
 It's not a big deal?
 Director Wang couldn't help but say,"Li Hao, this is a real treasure. If you want to exchange this for the spring of life ... Let me see. It's not too much to say that a pond of water contains one million drops, right?"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 1 million drops?
 He quickly did some conversion. The cost of the divine power stones was 3000 Yuan per drop. Three billion divine power stones?
 He swallowed his saliva.
 So many?
 Director Wang complained,"that's still too little. In this body, there are some things that are already extinct. There are no more, such as large amounts of imperishable substances, like soul-hooking grass, soul-locking incense ... Actually, if they were successfully cultivated, they can't even be exchanged for the spring of life. Heavenly King, do you know what this means?"
 He couldn't help but say,"Heavenly King, the Lord of Heaven battling city, the unparalleled existence of my Wang family. I'm not talking about venerable sovereigns, but the Wang family of heaven battling city. When the Lord of the Wang family was at his peak, he was only a peak Saint, not a Heavenly King ... I don't know if he advanced later, but even if he did, even if he became a Heavenly King ... In the Silver Moon world, other than your family's venerable sword, a Heavenly King is also an unparalleled existence!"

 Did Li Hao not know the meaning of a Heavenly King?
 He actually looked down on the body in front of him.
 He wanted to hit someone when he heard this.
 Li Hao shook his head."I know. I'm not looking down on Heavenly Kings, nor am I qualified to. What I mean is that this thing is not our own body, so it doesn't have great potential. The potential of a human body doesn't lie in an external body or the number of treasures. At least for us, the treasures of the human body lie in ourselves. Even if the body of a venerable sovereign is not our own, its value is limited."
 The moment he said that, director Wang froze.
 "How about this?" Li Hao said."If you like it, you can destroy your own body and change into this. I'll agree!"
 Director Wang looked at his body that had just recovered and then at the Golden body on the ground.
 If he changed into it, his quasi-Heavenly King body, coupled with his immortal spiritual power, could probably unleash the power of a Saint.
 He had become a saint expert in an instant!
 As for the lack of potential ... Wasn't a Sage the peak?
  Silver Moon didn't have many saints back then. The big families didn't think that Saints were very strong because they had seen venerable sovereigns. However, to the Wang family, the strongest was only a Saint.
 He was suddenly in a daze.
 I'll be a Saint if I change into it!
 After a long time, he suddenly shook his head."No, no, no. I still like my own body. I don't really like other people's bodies ..."
 "You don't like it?" hei Teng laughed. You should know that you're not young anymore. Although you're a genius of the Wang family ... You've only entered the early stage of immortal realm after many years. It'll be difficult to become a saint even if the origin era still exists ... There's almost no hope in this era ... You'll become a saint Just by changing! In your heaven battling city, the only one who can match you is general Huai, right?"
 Director Wang was silent.
 He looked at his body for a while before finally gritting his teeth and shaking his head.""No, I don't want to! My physical body has recovered, and it's not like it was before. Before, I wanted an undying body, but now ... I don't want it!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At the side, the Redwood ridiculed in his heart."Don't want them one by one, give them to me!"
 I want it!
 A human body, and a quasi-Heavenly King at that. In a few more years, he would be a Heavenly King. This was simply a dream-like treasure!
 Each and every one of them treated it like trash.
 No, I want it!
 Unfortunately, he didn't dare to say this.
 Neither hei Teng nor director Wang could afford to offend this place. As for Li Hao ... It felt that it couldn't afford to offend him either. It wasn't that Li Hao was stronger than it, but that Li Hao was becoming more and more mysterious.
 That feeling ... Was hard to describe.  For example, this time, he quickly defeated the red shadow, walked out of the special space, exploded his nine divine abilities, and shattered the eight divine weapons ... All these methods made it feel a little afraid.
 The last time he was so afraid was a long time ago. It was a long time ago when he saw the sword venerable from afar.
 This time, he actually felt it from a young man. At this moment, the Sequoia tree did not dare to speak carelessly.
 Li Hao didn't say much. He quickly looked at hei Teng."Senior, please use it first. Besides, even if it's broken, the imperishable substance is still there. When needed, just break it and resurrect 100 students. Even if I don't talk about undying, can I reach the peak level?"
 " 100?" hei Teng was taken aback."If you add in some other things, 100 is a lot, but ... Dozens won't be a problem ..."
 Li Hao wanted to use the Heavenly King body in exchange for resurrecting those weak paragons.
 This ... Even he was a little surprised.
 Li Hao smiled."That's it. It can be recycled. That's a good thing!" "Senior said that every time he makes a move, he can resuscitate ten students. This time, I'll count it as 100, which means 10 times! There's nothing wrong with that, right?"
 Blackpeak was speechless.
 Li Hao continued,"although you killed him, you were hired by me. So, the loot is mine. That is to say, after this one, you still need me to kill you nine times. Am I right?"
 Hei Teng was silent for a moment, then nodded.
 Li Hao grinned."That's good. Senior, I'll make do with it for now."
 "Do you know that with this body, I'm almost as strong as a Heavenly King?" hei Teng couldn't help but say,"in this era ... If I have this strength, you won't be able to defeat me no matter how many experts you summon ..."
 Aren't you afraid?
  Li Hao took a deep breath."Now?" he asked."Can I rival you, senior?"
 Li Hao laughed,"I have to take a gamble!" Given senior's wealth in the past, I don't think you'd be interested in this small world, right? I'll take a gamble! Wasn't this gambling nowadays? When the Stargate opens one day, we'll find the origin world and I'll send senior away ... Wouldn't that be a happy ending for everyone?"
 Hei Teng was silent for a moment before he nodded and didn't say anything else.
 He reached out his hand and the body fell into his hand.
 "In the end ... He still has to recover!" He sighed.
 "Senior, why do you want to die?" Li Hao laughed.
 Black Phoenix didn't say anything.
 He didn't want to die. He just felt that ... The future was very dark.
 As for director Wang, he was a little envious. Although he didn't want it, when he saw that his body was gone, he was so envious that he drooled.
 Hei Teng suddenly looked at Li Hao and said,"this pool can still be used. It's used to nourish the Heavenly King's body. It just so happens that 90% of its energy has been consumed. Go in and take a bath. With the bodies of modern people like you, your bodies will be 30% stronger after a bath! After soaking for a day, his body would be twice as strong! After soaking in it for three days, my body can be compared to a rank-9 of the past ..."

 Li Hao's eyes lit up."That good? Treasure! Is the effect very strong?"
 "Of course, it's much better than the spring of life. The spring of life can be formed by just a monster plant. This thing ... Is made with many other materials. Perhaps, this pool is the only one in the world today."
 "I can hook up with a lot of people, right?" Li Hao hurriedly asked.
 "Yes, even if it's only one-tenth of the power of a Heavenly King's body, it's still shocking! It's not a problem for someone like you to make a hundred or so. "
 Li Hao's eyes were bright as he looked at Yuan Shuo.""Teacher, if we put all the Silver Moon martial masters in, will we be able to create a bunch of seven-elemental abilities?"
 “……”
 Everyone was extremely surprised.
 "What about you?" hei Teng could not help but ask.
 You gave me your body and the pond to the Silver Moon Martial Master, but what about yourself?
 Li Hao ... This person is very interesting.
  Li Hao grinned."I have my ways. I don't like to force myself to improve. Right, teacher?"
 Yuan Shuo glanced at him and was a little puzzled.""You said double space, but ... The speed isn't that fast. It's better to just go in and take a bath."
 "Teacher, this isn't right."
 Li Hao laughed,"teacher only has Five Forces. I'll soon have nine. It's different!" Besides, I've found another way to make better use of it. Also, that's not called the second layer space, it's called the bright star World!"
 "What?"
 "Luminous moon's luminous, starry sky's star, boundary domain's boundary ... Luminous star boundary!"
 Yuan Shuo was stunned for a moment. After a while, he patted his head and said regretfully,""I forgot about this. It should be called the big star realm!"
 The group of people was rendered speechless by the two of them.
 We're talking business!
 The two of them ignored the treasures on the ground and were talking about this. One must know that even director Wang was drooling over the treasures here, yet Li Hao and Yuan Shuo didn't seem to care.
 This feeling ... Was equivalent to a beggar seeing a million Yuan and treating it like trash.
 Did he not know how precious it was, or did he really think that he could surpass it?
 Li Hao, on the other hand, laughed for a while, then looked around and said,""Where is the self-destruct device?"
 Hei Teng waved his hand, and a transparent light barrier appeared in the void. It was like a tree root that spread in all directions. Black holes appeared on the light barrier, and hei Teng said,"Pour energy into this black hole, probably equivalent to the peak of the undying realm, and this thing can blow up the entire mine."
 "But there are also counter-measures. That guy didn't use it just now, but if he did, I could counter it!"
 "How do we counter-attack?"
 Hei Teng glanced at Li Hao. This was a secret from back then.
 But now ...
 Forget it, it didn't matter.
  "It's simple. It's actually not difficult, but the enemy won't think of it, and those who aren't high-level won't know either ..."  Black Phoenix nagged for a while but did not get to the point.
 Even Li Hao was getting impatient. Director Wang was also speechless. Tell me, I'm also curious.
 Only then did hei Teng open his mouth. He coughed awkwardly and said in a low voice,""Within this device, there are some ... Some special devices. When the enemy is about to detonate it, you can shout at the device ..." The human King is benevolent and kind, loves the people like his children, long live peace, and the human race will always prosper ..."" Just these few words, and the device will automatically stop activating. "
 “……”
 The group of people looked at each other.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Everyone was a little shocked!
 Don't mess around!
 This works too?
 Hei Teng coughed again. It was not easy to simulate a cough with his psyche. He said in a low voice,"This is a counter-measure set up by the human King himself. He said that at a critical moment, saying this would shock the enemy ... So he gave you time to counter."
 At this moment, the few monster plants swayed their tree crowns frantically. There was nothing wrong with it.
 We were all stunned when we heard this, let alone the enemy.
 When you're done, everyone will probably think that you're talking in your sleep, and you can indeed ... Retaliate, right?
 Hei Teng coughed again."That's it. Back then, only a small number of people knew about it. The main reason was that they were worried that it would be too weak and that it would be useless to retaliate. With the presence of a strong person, we could prevent the giant Mine from being blown up."
 Li Hao sighed.
 Alright, this was a brilliant move, and the enemy was stunned.
 The human King!
 At this moment, Li Hao once again thought of the expert who killed one person with a single slash and said that they wouldn't take the initiative to commit suicide after killing them. This person ... Was kind?
 Long live peace?
  Just like this ... Loving the people like their children?
 Well, this might be true. Li Hao didn't doubt it for the time being.
 However, the first two points were absolutely nonsense!
 He shook his head and did not know whether to laugh or cry. He did not say anything else. This might be the only big mine in the Silver Moon world.
 Even if they knew the countermeasures, there was a high probability that they would not be used.
 At this moment, Li Hao looked outside. Although he couldn't see or sense anything, he still said,""So that means that the Vice Commander-in-Chief ... Is in cahoots with this person? What about the others? What about the regimental commanders and soldiers? Have they all betrayed us?"
 Hei Yao looked outside and shook his head,"I don't know, but this vice Commander-in-Chief sun ... He probably knows the situation." As for rose thorns, they might know that the reason these monster plants are still alive is because they are intentionally preventing some people from entering this place after their first recovery. "
 There were a few entrances, and monster plants were present at every one of them.
 The humans were all dead!
 From the looks of it now, the other party had intentionally stayed behind to block some unexpected factors. The other party knew that the monster plant could survive, but it would also be weak. Even so, he would not let anyone interfere with the red shadow's cultivation of the body.

