fileno%d
ang Ying, li, and the others, none of them had recovered their peak battle prowess yet. At this moment, there were no cultivators who had barely broken through to the sun Moon realm.
 Director Wang and Jiang Ying both wanted to say something but stopped.
 Maybe ... He could call some people from heaven battling city and other people from Yuanping martial arts university. In this way, their combat strength would be even.
 But just as they were about to speak, Li Hao said,""If the Dali King, Jiang Li, and Empress Dowager shuiyun are willing to join us, they will all have the battle power of the middle stage of the sun Moon realm. They also have some special circumstances that make them extremely powerful. They can even deal with late-stage or even peak-stage immortal realm beings ..."
 The addition of these three people would be of great help!
 The premise was that they would come.
 Li Hao had also sent a message to shuiyun. He only said one thing: come to the Silver City tonight. As for whether the other party would come or not ... It was hard to say. If they didn't come, then just pretend they didn't exist.
 "Governor, they ..."
 "They...Aren't reliable!"Yu Luosha couldn't help but say.
 p Li Hao smiled."He's usually unreliable. But he'll definitely be reliable once he's in!"   Once he entered, it was useless even if he was unreliable.
 They wouldn't care if you were on their side.
 Alright!
 Hong Yitang said softly,"currently, there's at least one Saint. What if there are two or three ... Even if the undying and Paragon levels are balanced, what about the battle power of the Saints?" Even if you can deal with one ... What if the commander or the Vice-commander revives?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This was the key to this battle!
 As for fighting, no one had any objections to Li Hao's suggestion. They had already discussed it before, and no one was unwilling.
 Li Hao laughed."Nothing is perfect. If we can crush the ancient city, what's the point of fighting?" He would just crush them directly! It's a gamble if you can't win! I'll try my best to kill that monster plant as soon as possible. As for the other Sage level Masters, it's best if they don't have any, but if they do ... I'll see if I can give it my all!"
 How could he be so confident?
 If there were ... They would kill their way in.
 He wanted to be safe and secure, but ... If that was the case, he would have made his move long ago. Why wait until now?
 Everyone's feelings were complicated, but they didn't say anything.
 Just as Li Hao had said, it was precisely because they knew that they couldn't win that they decided to fight for a chance of survival.
 Li Hao continued,"then this time, Qian Wuliang will lead the team and pretend to be the messenger. As for us ... I'll take you into the bright star sector first and stay there for a moment. Qian Wuliang, take my starry sky sword. I'll locate the location and land accurately to launch a surprise attack."
 No matter where it was hidden, it would not be safe.
 Only the bright star sector, where the other party could not sense, was the most secure place.
 The surprise attack would definitely succeed!
 This was also the opportunity to take the initiative to attack.
 "I'll complete the task!"Qian Wuliang said in a hurry.
 He was leading the team to locate the starry sky sword. This was not an easy task. He had to achieve a precise location and dispel all the suspicions of the other party.
 "Everyone, is there anything else you would like to add?"
 "There are!"
 Nan Quan immediately asked,"how many more super bombs are there?" If they couldn't win ... They would self-destruct and detonate their bombs! We'll kill one of them ... Neo martial artists like to self-destruct, so we're not afraid of him!"
 He grinned."I'm a neo martial artist. It's said that I defeated the celestial Emperor back then and a large number of late-stage powerhouses have been resurrected ... Governor, we're not afraid of death. One day, you'll be in control of the world, the rotation of life and death, and the transformation of yin and yang ... We'll come back! If you can't ... Then die early and reincarnate early. Maybe we'll still be heroes after 18 years!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat, but he didn't say anything.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo said,"that's right ... Collect all the city-destroying bombs and super bombs. Hurry up and divide them up into a batch each. If the neo martial artists can blow them up, so can we!"
 "There's no need to exaggerate," he said."If the divine text can escape, we can try to escape into the bright star World behind the Dao Meridian. As long as the divine text is not destroyed, Li Hao will divide the great Dao in the future. Perhaps ... We can return!"
 He chuckled."Divine text fuses force, Dao, and vitality ... If the divine text can escape into the bright star World, it might not really die. It'll be the same as the origin of the great Dao not being destroyed ... We're not afraid of death, but if there's really no other way, we can try ... Maybe it won't take 18 years, maybe a few years ... And we'll come back again?"
 He looked at Li Hao and chuckled."You said before that we would become Dao Masters sooner or later. If anyone is finished and the divine text fuses with a certain area ... You ... Give us some space!" Perhaps ... We can recover from the great Dao!"
 Everyone burst into laughter.
 "Yes, yes, yes, my fire element fist has already reached the perfection of martial arts!" Nan Quan said excitedly. If my divine text can't be destroyed and can merge with the fire element region, then ... The fist area will do too. Anyway, choose one of the two and give one to me!"
 "The sword doctrine area is mine," Tian Jian said calmly.
 "You're the only one who practices the sword?"
 "Little he, you're the only one practicing?"
 “……”
 The crowd suddenly became noisy. Some said that he also practiced boxing, while others said that he also practiced swordsmanship.
 Endless debate!
 Li Hao didn't say anything.
 Look at them. Are you ... Sure that we will die?  Are you sure I can survive?
 Or ... Are you just trying to comfort me?
 Could he really be resurrected after merging with the bright star Universe?
 Li Hao didn't know if they had taken Yuan Shuo's words seriously or if they were comforting themselves and everyone else.
 Someone had been resurrected in the new martial era.
 But ... This wasn't neo martial!
 The bright star Universe was not the universe of origin.
 Was there really such a thing as the cycle of life and death?
 At this moment, Li Hao's heart suddenly softened as he watched them laugh. His cold heart suddenly softened. He didn't care at first. So what if he lived or died?
 Yes, he was actually ... Very heartless!
 He was not a Saint!
 He wasn't a hot-blooded teenager either!
 He just wanted to do what he thought he could do, could do, and should do. In fact ... He had thought that if he failed this time, many people would die ... But if they died, then so be it!
 However, at this moment, these people were fighting over it, saying that they wanted to occupy a certain path and become the path master of a certain path. He suddenly felt a little impulsive and somewhat conflicted. Why did he have to attack the ancient city?
 Why did he have to do this?
 "At most ... We'll just let the second recovery begin and stop fighting!
 It doesn't matter if we hide, hide, kill some weaklings, or deal with the four kingdoms ... Why must we attack the ancient city and put ourselves in the most dangerous position, just to make the world of Silvermoon safer?
 Why?
 Li Hao clenched his seat tightly, crushing the corners of the seat into powder. He looked at the crowd in silence.
 At this moment, his eyes revealed some emotions that he should not have revealed.
 He didn't know where he was leading them to ... Was it right or wrong?
 In fact, I don't know what the future holds!
 I'm just ... Fooling you!
 How would I know what the future holds?
 How would I know what the big Dao organization is like?
 How would I know what the martial world will be like?
 I'm only 21 years old, I actually ... Just want to take revenge!
 Do you all believe whatever I say?
 Are you all so stupid?
 A bunch of brainless martial artists!
 He clenched his fists tightly. He wanted to stand up and shout,"I'm not fighting anymore! Let's go!"
 At this moment, he heard Hong Yitang's smiling voice.""The world is the pugilistic world. Military governors and pugilistic martial masters are never afraid of death or challenges. They defeat the strong with the weak. All heroes yearn for this!"
 "Fight, let's fight the strongest!"
 At this moment, Tian Jian's face was cold. He would fight the strongest!
 Not far away, hou Xiaochen looked up at Li Hao and chuckled."We'll get as much as we pay. It's an Equal Exchange. It's not our style to take the benefits without working, except for the southern Fist."
 "I'll kill you with one punch!"Nan Quan sneered.
 Perverted Thunderbolt kick swallowed his saliva.""If we win ... Can we be friends with city Lord Lin?"
  Lin Hongyu was stunned. She looked at him and smiled, but her eyes were cold.
 Thunderbolt kick, a bunch of wives and children, and the most lecherous and shameless among the Silver Moon martial masters!
 At the side, Chen Zhongtian touched his beard and felt a little emotional. How bold, I didn't even dare to mention this topic.
 Director Zhao chuckled."Alright, that's enough ... It's just a battle. Silver Moon martial forest has never stopped fighting since the ancient times. It's better to fight an ancient expert than to die in Yuan Shuo's hands ... That's not bad."
 Then, he looked at Li Hao."Commander, the target has been set. It's time to ... Fight!"
 Let's fight!
 Li Hao's expression changed from complicated to firm. He shouted in a low voice,""Since you're not afraid ... Then ... Let's fight!"
 "Fight!"
 A deep shout resounded throughout the hall.
 Dark clouds covered the sky, and the sky was already dark. There was no light at all. It was already dark.

 (I'll watch it tonight, in case you scold me.)
 ? He had made up his mind and was going all out.
 At this moment, no one said anything more. They had to prepare and sharpen their knives.
 All the city-destroying bombs and super bombs in the warehouse were transported over.
 A large amount of the spring of life was scattered down.
 Everyone knew that if this battle was won, heavenstar would inevitably usher in a turning point. The second recovery would be delayed again, the traitors would be suppressed, and the four countries could be killed at any time. Whether it was new martial, the traitors, or the red moon ...
 At that time, heavenstar was fearless!
 He no longer needed to rely on neo martial and ask for help. Every time he asked neo martial for help, he might return more in the future.
 As Silver Moon martial masters, they didn't want to do this.
 Since that was the case ... He would gamble with his own people!
  There was no help in this battle.
 After Li Hao took away the divine character "Dao," Zhang an couldn't get out even if he wanted to. At this moment, Li Hao had thrown him into the remains of the administrative Bureau.
 Li Hao was also playing with the starry sky sword in silence.
 The wind and cloud treasure mirror's Auxiliary Mirror appeared in his hand.
 These were the two most powerful divine weapons he had on him.
 One attack and one defense, both very powerful.
 He looked around. He could keep the sword. The wind and cloud treasure mirror might be able to save one person's life.
 At the very least, it could block a blow from an expert at a critical moment.
 Who should I give it to?
 A teacher was naturally the best choice.
 However, Li Hao looked around and finally waved at Zhao Shuguang. Director Zhao was a little confused and took a step forward.
 "Director Zhao ... Take this."
 Director Zhao received the book of wind and cloud and was a little surprised."This ... Why are you giving it to me?"
 "Take it."
 Li Hao smiled."Your defense is not weak. I'll help you complete the fusion of your other clone and the octagonal seal before we enter the relic. The octagonal seal is mainly used for battle, and this item is mainly used for defense. When you two combine, you should be able to reach the fifth level of the sun Moon tier, or even ... The sixth level! Of course, it's very difficult, and the possibility of breaking through my limits isn't high. However, opening 24 meridians and reaching the peak of the fifth level of Sun Moon is still very possible. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Zhao frowned.
 He wanted to say more, but Li Hao ignored him. He walked to the crowd and took out a large amount of good wine. He smiled and said,""I got this wine from the royal family ... Have a little, everyone. It's delicious!"
 "Hahaha, I was wondering why I didn't find it. So you took it!"
 Everyone laughed and took out wine.
 A moment later, in the hall, everyone was drinking and singing, feeling very satisfied.
 As for Li Hao, he looked at the time and took a sip. It was already 10:00 pm. He would leave on time and arrive at the Zheng family's remains in an hour.
 It might be a little abrupt to go on a mission at night, but once it was daytime, the disappearance of Li Hao's group might be even more abrupt. Many people might be watching them right now. It was best to end the battle quickly while the communication was cut off.
 There were still two hours left. As for whether the king of Dali and the others would come, Li Hao didn't care too much.
  Come, the future might be different.  If he didn't come, it was hard to say whether his choice was correct.
 ……
 Time slowly passed.
 The Li Dynasty's military camp was not far from Li Hao's group.
 To experts, it was a matter of instant arrival.
 At this moment, the king of Dali was sitting in the military tent, silent and silent. Sometimes he would look at the opposite side and remain motionless.
 Li Hao ... Gathering all the experts tonight, and even sending someone to invite me ... Are they really going to attack the ancient city?
 Wasn't this a joke?
 Li Hao had mentioned it before, but he had also thought that it might be one day in the future, not now. A relic was bound to be guarded by a Saint.
 Could it be ... That he had to rely on Zhang an?
 He thought to himself.
 Was Li Hao really going to attack the ancient city?
 Countless thoughts appeared in his mind. He was struggling and conflicted. If he was a lone traveler, he would naturally participate in such a grand event. The collision between the new era and the old era was so exciting.
 'But ... I'm not.
 I'm the king of Dali!
 There were still hundreds of millions of people in the Li Dynasty.
 Dali was weak, and once it failed, the ancient warriors would not be polite to Dali for the sake of a second recovery.
 Too many thoughts made it difficult for him to move.
 And now, among the powerhouses of the various countries, Li Hao was perhaps the most difficult to deal with, followed by Shui Yun, and then the Li Dynasty.
 The great wilderness had desolate beasts, so they could attack or retreat.
 The Western side had the revival of gods, and a second revival. The other side also had a large number of powerful gods who could recover their combat power.
 Only the Li Dynasty and shuiyun dynasty did not have much confidence.
  As for the God of beginner martial of Dali ... It was uncertain whether he was Dead or Alive. If he was really alive, it had little to do with the king of Dali. He was not part of the temple system and had politely declined the God of beginner martial. He had even suppressed the temple. Perhaps when the other party came out, he would find trouble with him at the first moment.
 Shui Yun was similar, but the other party was even weaker. Only Empress Dowager Shui Yun had some strength left.
 His heart was filled with restlessness.
 Beside him, Jiang Li was also in a daze.
 After a long time, the king of Dali stood up. Jiang Li's expression changed slightly. The king of Dali walked out of the military tent and looked at the Silver City. At this moment, there were countless tents outside the Silver City and they were all brightly lit.
 But he didn't even look. It was as if he had seen through the tent and saw the Silver City.
 "Jiang Li,"
 "King!"
 Jiang Li responded softly.
 The king of Dali was silent for a moment."The Dali dynasty is ruled by the temple. It has continued to this day. Since ancient times, the power of the monarch has been bestowed by the gods!" It's only in my generation that I'm unwilling to accept this. Coupled with the recovery of the world, this King has a chance ... I've broken this tradition and seized the power of the temple. Do you hate this King?"

 "Your Majesty ... You're overthinking."
 "Maybe,"
 The Dali King smiled faintly."If that's the case ... I'll go out. If I don't come back, I'll return the power to the divine Hall. The God of Chu Wu will still be the faith of Dali!" You, Jiang Li, will still be the officiant of your temple, the number one person under the gods. You can just find any king of Dali to take the position. "
 "Great king ... You ..."
 "Let's do this. "
 The king of Dali looked into the distance and said lightly,""This King also wants to take a gamble! "However ... It's just me, not the Li Dynasty! Dali, without the king, was still Dali! Dali, however, can't lose the temple and officiant, so you should stay! If I don't return by tomorrow night, go to the great wilderness and participate in the five-party conference!"
 "Of course ... We might not need it."
 "The five-party conference ... Might not be necessary," he sneered.
 If Li Hao failed in his attack on the ancient city, would there still be a need for the five-party conference?
 By that time, Li Hao's bones would probably have turned to dust.
  "My King, I ... I'll go!"
 "Let's go!" Jiang Li said in a deep voice,"I can use the divine bones to break the restrictions once we enter the relic!"
 He looked at the king of Dali, who shook his head.""You can 't!"
 Jiang Li was slightly dazed.
 The Dali King sneered."If you're gone ... Chuwu and I won't be able to get it. If you piss me off, I might just tear down his temple!"
 Jiang Li was slightly shocked.
 The Dali King did not say anything more. He held the king's seal and threw it to the other party. As for himself, a glove appeared in his hand and he said,"The other glove is suppressed under the palace of Dali, and I can't use a pair. If this one doesn't come back, the next king of Dali can go and get it when he is strong enough."
 "King!"
 "Alright, that's enough!"
 "The temple's officiant is a good man, but you have to act like a little girl. It's disgusting!" The Dali King said coldly.
 As soon as he finished speaking, he instantly disappeared.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Jiang Li's expression changed slightly as he watched the king of Dali leave. At this moment, he felt extremely complicated.
 This was the king of Dali.
 It was an existence that could suppress the temple, complete the change of royal power, and surpass theocracy.
 Even though they knew that this trip was extremely dangerous, they were still willing to take the risk. However, they were still unwilling to risk the life of the temple, which was usually at odds with them. If the temple officiant died, Dali might lose the protection of the God of beginner martial.
 Jiang Li took a deep breath and stood there silently, waiting for the return of King Dali.
 ……
 Silver City.
 11 points.
 The king of Dali appeared. He glanced at Li Hao without saying a word.
 The others were surprised, but Li Hao wasn 'T. He only nodded slightly.
 The king of Dali did not say anything and just waited in silence.
 After half an hour, he said,""Who does this King need to deal with?"
 He didn't ask about the situation.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said, can he fight a peak-stage immortal?
 At the peak of immortal realm, he was at least at the sixth or seventh level of the sun Moon realm. If he was slightly stronger, he would be at the eighth or ninth level of the sun Moon realm.
 The Dali King was only at the fourth level of the sun Moon tier, close to the fifth level, and that was even with the blessing of heaven's will. Otherwise, under normal circumstances, he would only be at the fourth level of the sun Moon tier.
 Of course, the opponent had the boxing gloves of celestial ruler Batian Emperor, which was not ordinary.
 "Where's Zhang an?"the king of Dali asked calmly.
  "In the ruins. This is the Silvermoon people's business."  "Die?" the Dali King frowned.
 "I'm killing a Saint!"
 "Savage!"
 The Dali King's eyes were cold. He thought that Li Hao was joking.
 He had thought that Zhang an was involved in dealing with the enemy Saint, but it turned out to be Li Hao ... Did this guy really think highly of himself?
 "Why not?" Li Hao's expression was calm.
 "You want this King to die?"
 "We can leave!"
 Li Hao looked at him, still calm."At least one person!"
 The king of Dali took a deep breath and calmed himself down. He looked around at the martial masters and saw the provocation and arrogance on their faces. This was the normal state of a Silver Moon Martial Master.
 I, the Silver Moon Martial Master, shall rule the world!
 Insufferably Savage!
 The king of Dali suppressed the anger in his heart and did not say anything.
 Since Li Hao dares to ... Why wouldn't this King dare?
 He stopped talking and waited with Li Hao and the others.
 Who was he waiting for?
 He did not know.
 Perhaps ... Empress Dowager Shui Yun?
 It could only be her.
 The Grand desolate plateau wouldn't come out of the four-nation organization, and the Queen of the West wouldn't cooperate with Li Hao at all. Even if they were to revive a second time, the Western divine Kingdom wouldn't suffer much loss. Their deity had revived to the Saint-level, so they weren't necessarily afraid of anyone.
 Therefore, the Western divine Kingdom and Li Hao did not share any common interests.
 That could only be Empress Dowager Shui Yun!
 Would the other party come?
 She was just a woman!
 If he really had the courage, he would have become the Emperor himself long ago. Why would he need to support a puppet emperor?
 In the eyes of the king of Dali, women just couldn't do great things.
 What was the point of letting a child be the Emperor when he was the number one person in the country?
 He was just taking off his pants to fart!
  Time slowly passed again.
 Soon, it was 12.
 Li Hao didn't wait any longer. His battleship appeared."Board the ship and set off. We are one hundred miles away from the ruins. Qian Wuliang will lead the team!"
 "Yes!"
 Everyone boarded the ship, and the king of Dali instantly appeared on the deck. He sneered,""You're actually counting on a woman ... Ridiculous! The day after tomorrow, no, tomorrow, the five parties would hold a meeting in the vast wilderness! I'm afraid that Empress Dowager Shui Yun has already set off for the great wilderness!"
 "It doesn't matter."
 "I'm just trying," Li Hao said calmly."Aren't you here?"
 The king of Dali frowned slightly and ignored him.
 The battleship pierced through the void.
 Everyone was silent.

 Everyone was lost in their own thoughts.
 After an unknown amount of time, Li Hao's eyes flickered, and the king of Dali's heart also moved. The void suddenly split open, and a figure appeared. With a gentle voice, he chuckled and said, "I've been waiting for a long time. The governor's speed ... Seems to have slowed down."
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 The king of Dali was also a little surprised. He glanced at the woman who controlled shuiyun in the South.
 One was in the North, while the other was in the South. As the Overlord of the North, he didn't think much of the southern kingdom of shuiyun.
 However ... He had not expected that this watercloud master would actually dare to come.
 On the other side, Empress Dowager Shui Yun also saw the king of Dali. She bowed slightly and smiled,""Greetings, Your Majesty. I've long heard of your great name!"
 The king of Dali looked at her and nodded slightly without saying anything.
 Seeing this, Empress Dowager Shui Yun didn't care. She looked at Li Hao and the people around him again, and finally said in a soft voice,""Only ... Us?"
 "Yes."
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, Empress Dowager Shui Yun had the same thought as the king of the Li Dynasty ... Li Hao had gone crazy.
 Before they had come, they had all thought that Zhang an would participate, so they had given Li Hao the confidence. Besides Zhang an, there were also the several hundred puppets that were comparable to apex experts, and perhaps heaven battling city would also fully support them.
 In the end ...
 With a glance, other than director Wang who had decent strength, the others ... Were all old faces. There were also a few unfamiliar faces, but their auras were weak.
 This ... Was all of them?
 There was no existence that could go against the Saints!
 Empress Dowager shuiyun was a little helpless. At this moment, she suddenly felt as if she had boarded a pirate ship and was a little bitter."Governor ... You're really courageous!"
 His courage was commendable, and he was being polite.
 She wanted to say, you really don't know how to spell the word 'death'.
 If I had known, I wouldn't have come.
 Li Hao laughed."I didn't expect the Empress Dowager to come. Together with the king of Li Dynasty ... This fits my expectations."
 The two of them came.
 Although Jiang Li didn't come, Li Hao could guess what the king of Dali was thinking, so he didn't say much.
 At this moment, everyone was ready.
 And this place was not too far away from the ruins of boundless city.
 "You two don't mind coming with me to the bright star sector for a while, do you?" Li Hao smiled.
 When the two of them heard this, their eyes flickered and lit up.
 Neither of them was a neo martial artist. Empress Dowager shuiyun walked the neo martial path, while the king of Dali was more of a beginner martial artist. Both of them focused on strengthening their bodies, qi and blood, and spirit.
 Now that there was no great Dao of origins, it was not easy for these people to break through their limits and reach this point.
 "The king of Dali is fine," Li Hao said."The Empress Dowager seems to have absorbed a lot of Origin Energy ... Let's try."
 Aside from Empress Dowager Shui Yun, the Imperial Guards had also come along.  They were all cultivators of the origin source.
 Although he didn't have much Origin Energy left, he still had one. Li Hao also wanted to see if the bright star Universe was very specific to Origin Energy, or was it extremely specific, like the Crimson Moon's power?
 Director Zhou also walked the path of origin, but he was not as strong as them.
 "I'll do as you say!"
 "Then ... I'll have to trouble you!" Empress Dowager Shui Yun smiled.
 It was a blessing to be able to see the Dao universe.
 As for Li Hao's adventure, the two of them were also prepared. Since Li Hao was not afraid, there was no need to say anything.
 "Wuliang,"
 "You, my teacher, director Zhou ... You three, go to the boundless city!" Li Hao looked at Qian Wuliang.
 "Location, next to The Guardian monster plant!"
 "You'll be in charge of time and timing. Once you feel that the time is right, you'll trigger the starry sky sword and I'll make my move!"
 "I'll do my best!"Qian Wuliang said seriously.
 "I believe you."
 Li Hao smiled and nodded slightly. At this moment, he slashed out with his sword, tearing the void apart. The warship directly rushed into the bright star Universe.
 p As for the starry sky sword, it was left behind.  Qian Wuliang took a deep breath and reached out his hand to grab the starry sky sword. At this moment, the sword was trembling a little as if it was not happy, but it finally quieted down.
 Qian Wuliang took another deep breath and said,"seniors, this time ... We bear a great responsibility. I apologize for my rudeness." This time, listen to my command. "
 Yuan Shuo and director Zhou looked at each other and nodded their heads.
 "In addition, our strength has increased by leaps and bounds ... It'll be easy for the other party to sense us!"
 "So, professor Yuan, you have to be careful. Director Zhou is still safe ... Also, we need the help of the ancient city for the five-party conference. We can use it as an opportunity to enter the ancient city!" Qian Wuliang said.
  The two of them nodded again.
 Qian Wuliang rubbed his cheeks."You are both my seniors and are better at controlling your emotions than I am. At this moment, we should be more anxious, anxious, and eager. We should be anxious about the five-party conference and desire for support ..." He said.
 As he finished speaking, the mood of the two changed. One was an old demon who had dominated the martial arts world, and the other was an official who had been in politics for decades. These things were easy to capture.
 Qian Wuliang was also amazed.
 Silver Moon martial masters indeed had their own strengths. With just a casual remark, the other party acted as if he was the real deal.
 "Hurry up and move faster ... Travel-worn ..."
 As soon as he finished, three figures quickly flew out. Qian Wuliang kept talking, but the two didn't express their opinions.
 ……
 And in the bright star sector.
 When Empress Dowager Shui Yun entered, she felt a little suppressed. However, the great Dao universe did not suppress her.

 Seeing this, Li Hao was slightly confused.
 Was it because ... The Silvermoon world and the new martial arts were one, so the great Dao universe was actually somewhat related?
 The king of Dali was no exception.
 In that case, the bright star realm was actually only targeting the Crimson Moon universe because the great Dao of both sides were very different. And did the great Dao of origins and the bright star great Dao have some similarities in essence?
 When director Zhou entered, he wasn't suppressed. Li Hao thought that it was because he didn't have much Origin Energy.
 But now it seemed ... That might not be the case.
 He then thought of the grafting of the great Dao of origins. The targeting of the bright star field was not that strong, allowing director Wang and the others to succeed easily. Clearly, the bright star field had a high tolerance for the great Dao of origins.
 At this moment, not only the Dali King and Empress Dowager shuiyun, but many others were also entering the bright star Universe for the first time. They all felt like they were in a dream.
 The starry sky, the Galaxy!
 Countless stars!
  At this moment, the universe seemed to have gathered into many regions. They did not know that this was Li Hao's doing, because it was their first time here, and they thought that it had always been like this.
 "I seem ... To have sensed my own starry sky ..." Someone mumbled.
 They were the reflections of their Dao meridians, the stars in the great Dao.
 However, the distance was very far.
 "Is this the Dao universe?"
 It was the first time for most of the martial masters to enter, so they were all shocked. The feeling of insignificance made them feel at a loss.
 At this moment, suddenly, a small lightning bolt swept over.
 The king of Dali's expression changed, but Li Hao said softly,""It's fine. Everyone, don't worry. This is the baptism of heaven and earth. It's good for you!"
 Everyone was relieved to hear that.
 On the battleship, at least a dozen people were struck by the lightning. Some were confused, some were surprised ... But not everyone?
 Li Hao took a look.
 Many people were attacked.
 Among them, Liu Long of the Demon Hunter Army suffered a lot from the power of the lightning. Li Hao's eyes flickered, and he frowned slightly. The Silver City ... Might have been invaded. That venerable sovereign might have seeped into it. The rain in the Silver City ...
 He was slightly enlightened.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was also a little cold.
 There was something wrong with the Silver City's rain. It wasn't rain, or rather, it was the rain mixed with the power of the Crimson Moon. The reason why the rain could stimulate the bloodline power of the eight great families was because the bloodline power of the eight great families could automatically resist the invasion of the rain and the power of the Crimson Moon.
 In other words ... The millions of people in the Silver City, who had been living in the Silver City for a long time, were most likely greatly affected.
  Everyone had some of the Crimson Moon's power.  Most likely, it was because he had stayed in the Silver City for a period of time. Liu Long, a Martial Master who had lived in the Silver City for many years, had suffered the most.
 Li Hao was a little scared!
 If that venerable sovereign were to invade the entire Silver City and break the seal, millions of people in the Silver City would become his subordinates and puppets in an instant. It was a terrifying thing.
 However, this was a good thing.
 The power of the red moon invaded and was wiped out by the power of the great Dao, leaving behind some power of the great Dao. For these people, it was a rare improvement.
 Li Hao looked at director Zhao.
 He didn't care about those who were struck by the lightning. The lightning didn't want to kill them, but just helped them destroy the power of the Crimson Moon.
 There was an advantage to this ... If someone was really infiltrated, he would be able to tell.
 It could keep the team clean!
 Seeing this, director Zhao did not say anything. A seal suddenly appeared in his pocket. The seal quickly turned into a human figure that looked exactly like director Zhao. That seal was the eight direction seal of Silver City martial Sciences University.
 Li Hao sensed that it indeed had the bloodline power of the eight great families. He sensed a familiar fluctuation.
 As for this clone, it should have been modified and was not weak.
 It was roughly at the third level of the sun Moon realm!
 As for director Zhao, he was currently at the fourth stage of the sun Moon tier and had 20 opened meridians. With two bodies as one, there was a high chance that he could reach the peak of the fifth stage with 24 opened meridians, the same as Li Hao.
 The king of Dali and the Empress Dowager of shuiyun had a strange look in their eyes.
 A clone?
  It was not strange to have an avatar. Who had not seen an origin avatar before?
 However, Zhao Shuguang's clone ... Was a little different. Both of them appeared, and it was difficult to tell if they were real or fake.
 Director Zhao also revealed a smile,""In the past few years, the clone wasn't actually strong. It was only when the governor's divine text Dao was spread back that I combined the Dao Meridian technique and the divine text technique and the clone became much stronger."
 "With the eight-direction seal as the foundation, the divine text as a supplement, and some Dao meridians stripped into it ..."
 Li Hao's eyes flickered,'you ... Stripped your Dao Meridian? What do you mean by that?"
 "I just have to move some of my Dao meridians inside ...." He thought.
 Seeing Li Hao's curiosity, he explained,"there are many Dao meridians in the human body, but one's energy is limited. I can't cultivate all of them. So, I separated some Dao meridians and transplanted them into my body. It's different from the governor creating them out of thin air. The Dao meridians of my clone are also the Dao meridians of my main body. It's just that ... My physical body is weaker when the two bodies are combined. Some Dao meridians will probably close up automatically."
 Li Hao's expression changed."The Dao Meridian is invisible. How can I transplant it?"
 When he created bodies for director Wang and the others, he had created Dao meridians out of thin air. He had used energy and life force to create bodies instead of transplanting other people's Dao meridians.
 He had never thought about transplanting the Dao Meridian.

 Director Zhao added,"it's just a clone to another clone. I'm not just transplanting it to someone else. That's too difficult. It's very difficult to do!"
 He explained,"I use my own flesh and blood. Just like how I recover from my injuries, I use the spring of life to recover my body. For example, if I cut off an arm ... I will use the spring of life to recover my arm. Then, I will use the spring of life to cultivate the broken arm. I will try it bit by bit ... To make a copy!"
 Everyone took a deep breath. This ... Was really cruel to himself.
 The king of Dali looked at him strangely. Dali and the Silver Moon had fought many times in the past. Of course, that was a long time ago. The people of the Silver Moon had been ruthless since ancient times.
 However ... This Zhao Shuguang, a scholar, was actually so ruthless.
 "Then ... What about the head?"
 The Dali King could not help but ask,""Could it be that you cut off your own head and made a copy of another head? in that case, wouldn't it be ... A narrow escape?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Previously, he did not have that much spring of life and did not have strong mental strength. If he cut off his head, the probability of death was extremely high.
 Director Zhao smiled."There was danger ... But it wasn't that dangerous."
 Clearly, he was doing so.
  Kong Jie couldn't help but say,"you're so cruel!" You cut off your own head ... You're a ruthless person! Old Zhao, after all these years, I have never realized that you are so cruel to yourself. You have used all the spring of life for yourself. No wonder we want it and you only gave us so little. "
 That time was not now.
 The fountain of life was rare and it wasn't very powerful. Back then, there wasn't any Dao Meridian and it was treated as a Super Lock. Director Zhao wanted to cultivate the Martial Master path and the Super path.
 Therefore, he purposely copied the Dao Meridian, or rather, the Super Lock.
 Later on, he changed to cultivating the Dao Meridian.
 Director Zhao laughed."I can't help it. Moreover ... I have to have some confidence. My clone's main cultivation is the path of superpowers. He trained to break the superpower lock, so his combat power has always been strong."
 Li Hao nodded and didn't say anything.
 It was not too surprising that director Zhao would be so ruthless to himself. It was already unbelievable that this man had managed to manage Silver Moon for 40 years and deal with all sorts of people while maintaining the balance.
 It was just that it was almost invaded by the earth glory.
 Of course, at that time, director Zhao might not care about this.
 "Then ... Let's fuse!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. Taking advantage of the fact that there was almost no suppression in the bright star sector, they might be able to fuse and have another fifth level Sun Moon cultivator.
 The two figures didn't waste any time and quickly walked together.
 However, there was a slight rejection between them.
 The eight direction seal of the clone seemed to be unwilling to merge with the other party.
 Li Hao saw through the problem at a glance. He suddenly snorted and spat out a mouthful of blood. A sword intent surged out, and a sword light appeared on the all-way seal and collided with it.
 With a boom, his opponent's sword radiance was shattered, and Li Hao's blood instantly invaded his body.
 Within the eight-direction seal, a small Eight Trigram-like object appeared. It seemed to have eight shadows, but they were extremely weak. This was probably used to suppress the students from the Eight Families!  Soon, as Li Hao's blood seeped into it, the shadows were shattered one by one and suppressed by him.
 The octagonal seal could not suppress Li Hao at this moment.
 The Li family's bloodline was one of the eight great families "bloodlines, the noblest and most powerful.
 In just a moment, the eight direction seal became obedient.
 The resistance from before disappeared.
 Director Zhao was a little surprised, but he could understand. He sighed. The Li family bloodline was really strong. If not, it would be really difficult for him to merge with his clone.
 This time, the two figures merged and no longer repelled each other.
 The eight direction seal clone slowly merged with director Zhao's body. In that instant, the number of Dao meridians opened increased by countless times. In the blink of an eye, it reached 30.
 However, in an instant, the other party's physical body shattered. Not only that, but the great Dao also seemed to be stopping him.
 It seemed that he was not allowed to break through his limits!
 In just a short while, several Dao meridians began to close.
 Director Zhao's body also slowly recovered.
 The Dao meridians in his body had also opened up a little more than before. They opened up bit by bit and gradually, they reached 23 and started to advance towards 24.
 After a few minutes, the 24th Dao Meridian was opened.
 The current director Zhao had officially entered the peak of the 5th stage of the sun Moon realm.
 However ... At this point, he was no longer able to open his meridians.
 That was because Li Hao had only opened 24 Dao meridians.
  Inside Li Hao's body, the divine character "Dao" trembled slightly. It seemed to have become stronger, but it was not obvious.
 At this moment, a seal appeared in director Zhao's hand.
 He opened his eyes and looked at Li Hao.""Thank you for your help, commander!"
 Li Hao smiled."Director, you cultivated it yourself. What does it have to do with me?"
 The Dali Prince and the Dali Prince also felt the change in each other's aura and were a little shocked. Zhao Shuguang's aura seemed to have surpassed theirs in an instant. This was too unbelievable!
 However ... That was all there was to it. The fact that there was no further increase made the two of them feel relieved.
 The others were a little envious.
 This weird hahaha was still well hidden.
 The commander of the Wei Wu Army was indeed extraordinary.
 Nan Quan was a little curious."Old Zhao, hahakkus has been famous in Silver Moon martial arts for many years, but we don't know what hahakus is good at. Could it be that he's good at laughing?" Huang Yu the ogre, an expert in spearmanship! The sickbed ghost Marquis Xiao Chen is also skilled in spear...What about you?"

 Of the three great commanders of the Wei Wu Army, hahagui was the most mysterious.
 If Huang Yu and the others didn't reveal their identities and director Zhao didn't reveal his strength, it would be hard to link him to hahaha.
 Back then, many people suspected that Yuan Shuo was the one!
 But hahaha, strange, what was he good at?
 Saber, spear, sword, halberd, or Zhao family style?
 Or something else?
 "You'll know soon enough. "Director Zhao smiled.
 Nanquan snorted. He was still hiding it ... Who would care!
 At this point, everyone's combat strength had been raised to a peak.
 ……
  At this moment, in boundless city.
 A golden-armored man appeared beside the monster plant and said coldly,""It's very strange. Silvermoon and the others have come again ..."
 "Should we let them in?"
 "Let him in!"
 Jin Jia's tone was calm and fearless.
 Indeed, he didn't need to fear anyone.
 In the ancient city ... Putting everything else aside, just the fact that the Saint monster plant had been revived was not something that anyone in Silver Moon could withstand.
 At this moment, the three of them appeared in a flash. Qian Wuliang quickly patted his clothes and looked a little anxious. But soon, he calmed down and said with a smile,"Senior, I'm really sorry for disturbing you so late at night!"
 "It's fine. What's the matter?"
 Qian Wuliang said in a hurry,"here's the thing. I've brought back the words of the seniors. The governor said that there is a high chance that someone has framed the Zheng family, so he hopes to have a good talk with the Zheng family and call senior Zhang an, senior Wang Ye, and the others to clear the name of the Zheng family!" However, I hope that the Zheng family can sign a non-aggression agreement with the governor ..."
 "In addition ... The true traitor has already surfaced and called himself the red dust!" "Now, they're even holding a meeting between the four countries and the traitors in the vast wilderness to prepare to join forces to invade Heavenly Star and deal with the Heavenly Star military governor's office. It's also to deal with all the neo martial seniors ..."
 "The military governor sent us here this time in the hope of joining forces with all parties to resist the strong enemy together. Be it the Western divine Kingdom or the traitors, they are all great enemies of the new martial arts!"
 He spoke very quickly, as if he was afraid of being interrupted, and said everything he wanted to say in one breath.
 "If senior can't make the decision, can you let us have a talk with senior Guardian?" "This time, the monster plant clan has Imperial Palace guards, base station guards, and powerful monster plants like general Huai are involved. They're all willing to stop the five-party talks ..."
 The gold-armored man's heart trembled. The five parties would join hands to annihilate Li Hao's side?
 No wonder these people were so anxious in the middle of the night.
 Qian Wuliang continued in a hurry."This time, we suspect ... We suspect that the traitors have gathered in thunderstorm city of the Hong family. This is the only main city that we haven't been able to contact. Sword city has disappeared. It is said that it is near the Stargate."
 "Senior Wang Ye said that the master of the Hong family isn't someone from the early stage of neo martial arts, but someone who rose up in the later stage. So, we speculate that this person may have framed the master of the Zheng family and framed him. No matter what ... This time, I think it's necessary to stop the other party from forming an alliance!"
 "Senior ... In order to express our sincerity, the governor asked me to present 100 million divine energy stones to help the Lord Protector recover!"
 With a respectful expression, he hurriedly handed over a storage ring to the Golden armor.
 The Golden-armored man examined it and was secretly shocked.
 There really was!
 This wasn't a small matter.
 "By the way, I'd like to have a few words with you, Guardian ..." Qian Wuliang continued.
 He was very anxious."According to general Huai, The Guardian monster plants of the eight main cities know a set of joint attack formations. Now, general Huai would like to discuss with the senior Guardian if we can eliminate two of them and rehearse the formation with our clones ..."
 "The Hong family has betrayed us?" the Golden-armored man asked. You guys always like to make wild guesses! Of course, anything was possible! The peach Guardian has just recovered and is still very weak ..."
 At this moment, the old voice of the peach tree came from behind with a hint of gentleness.""It's fine. Let them come. General Huai, we haven't seen each other for many years. Since you've recovered, why didn't your clone come?"
 "General Huai's clone is currently absorbing the power of the mineral veins in the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town. I hope that senior will separate your clone and go to the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town to absorb some of the mineral veins to speed up your recovery. Your clone will become stronger and be able to resist the gods of the Western divine Kingdom ..."
 Qian Wuliang answered quickly as he walked over with respect,""I also hope that this time, the endless city can mobilize some of the endless Army to fight together. Seniors, cut off your clones. The star military governor's office will be responsible for providing the energy for recovery!"
 Jin Jia saw that he was talking non-stop and wanted to ask a few more questions, but he couldn't interrupt.
  In the distance, a man's face appeared on the big tree. He looked at Qian Wuliang and interrupted him,""General Ying seems to be much stronger than before ..." This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Qian Wuliang nodded."The military governor has been preparing for the war. He has tried his best to improve everyone's combat strength. However, his combat strength is still a bit weak, and he has used up countless spring of life and divine power stones. This time, he is going to cut off all means to kill the rebels!"
 He then gritted his teeth and continued,"as you know, the governor has always had some misunderstandings with the seniors of the Zheng family. Previously, he had even damaged the reputation of the Zheng family. This time, there's one more thing. Let us apologize to the seniors on his behalf. We've especially given you a generous gift!"
 "A generous gift?"
 The Golden-armored man also came over at this moment. He was curious about what other gifts there were besides the one hundred million divine power stones.
 "Yes!"
 Qian Wuliang gritted his teeth in the end."Starry sky sword!"
 As soon as he said that, both the giant tree and the Golden-armored man were stunned.
 What?
 "What?"
 "Starry sky sword!"
 Qian Wuliang said helplessly,"the military governor knows that he has a deep misunderstanding with the Zheng family. He's afraid that there will be more misunderstandings between the seniors, so ... I'm offering you the starry sky sword." I only hope that ... For the sake of the fact that you are the descendant of venerable sword, boundless city can ... Do something!"
 After saying that, he took out a small sword that wasn't very bright.
 The next moment, he walked toward the tree with his sword and gritted his teeth.""This is the starry sky sword. The protector is very knowledgeable and should have seen it before. He should also be able to tell whether it is real or fake. This time, the governor is very sincere and there is no falsehood!"
 At that moment, both the giant tree and the Golden-armored man stared at the starry sky sword in a daze.
 At this moment, a sense of greed rose in the hearts of the man and the tree.
 The Li family's sword!
 This was the starry sky sword, the sword of the sword Saint, forged by the human King, and the key to the Stargate. It had extremely high authority and could even control some important places in the main city ...
 They ... Could get the starry sky sword?
 At this moment, they couldn't believe it. They were stunned.
 No one could suppress the excitement and greed in their hearts.
 The peach tree also trembled a little, and its voice changed slightly, but it was still friendly.""How can this be? this is the inheritance of the sword Saint ... You can't do this ..."
 It stretched out its spiritual force, and soon, a Phantom appeared. It took a step forward, as if it wanted to push him away.
 He attached his mind power to the starry sky sword, trying to check if it was real.
 It was unbelievable!
 Li Hao had actually taken out the starry sky sword just to clear up the misunderstanding with the Zheng family ... This ... Was too shocking!
 At this moment, Qian Wuliang was extremely nervous.
 He didn't care about that and forcefully pushed the starry sky sword forward."Senior, please don't refuse. This is the governor's kind intention ... If senior suspects that it's fake, Wuliang can prove it for senior ..."
 After saying that, he injected some energy into it and said,""Those who are not from the Li family can't activate the starry sky sword ... However, it's not that there are no other ways. Using the current Qi breaking art, it can actually be activated a little ..."
 The starry sky sword exuded a faint glow, as if it was trembling.
  At this moment, the peach tree and the Golden-armored warrior were all staring at the scene. Their greed and desire even terrified Qian Wuliang.
 As expected ... No one could suppress the greed in their hearts!
 ……
 p And at this moment, in the bright star sector.  Li Hao and the others were all extremely nervous. At this moment, a crack seemed to have opened in the bright star Universe, and they seemed to see a towering tree vaguely!
 He was really close to the other party's Guardian plant!
 At this moment, everyone was so nervous that they were suffocating.
 The next moment, the crack opened completely.
 Qian Wuliang turned on his GPS.
 The great battle had begun!

 Boundless city, beside the peach tree.
 The starry sky sword flickered.
 A crack suddenly appeared between heaven and earth. The peach tree and the Golden armor were still attracted by the starry sky sword. The Golden armor had not come back to his senses and was only focused on the starry sky sword, not noticing the crack.
 However, the peach tree was a Saint after all.
 In an instant, he suddenly felt a sense of danger.
 The mysterious man's expression changed and he disappeared in an instant. The greed in his heart disappeared in the blink of an eye.
 However, it was too late.
 It did not matter if the peach tree was really not revived or if it was pretending to be. The peach tree's main body was too big and too close. The crack was just beside the peach tree's main body, less than three meters away.
 Such a close distance, to experts, was equivalent to no distance.
 "Kill!"
  A low shout reverberated in everyone's ears.
 At that moment, the Golden-armored man seemed to see the roar of a Tiger, the crushing of a mountain, the destruction of heaven and earth, and the arrival of ... The sword Saint!
 The starry sky sword, which had been flashing, instantly fell into the hands of one person.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com That person was extremely young and was obviously not revered sword artist. However, at this moment, he seemed to have transformed into a sword and became one with the starry sky sword. As he stabbed out, his intentions were revealed!
 The longevity sword!
 The Golden-armored man was in a daze. Revered sword artist ...
 As this thought flashed through his mind, the huge peach tree beside him burst out with a bright golden light. Like an immortal and undefeatable body, the golden light shone on the heaven and earth. In an instant, its aura rose sharply!
 But ... It seemed to be too late.
 Kachaa!
 With a slight cracking sound, the tiny human stabbed a small sword into the trunk of a huge tree. This attack was filled with killing intent. Li Hao didn't even need to predict, wait, or seize the opportunity.
 The other party was right beside him!
 The sword pierced through the tree!
 With a cracking sound, the giant tree was instantly pierced through. Sword Qi burst out from the giant tree's body, destroying everything and cutting off its life force. The giant heart of life was like a Crystal House, but it was broken by the sword Qi in the blink of an eye!
 At this moment, the peach tree's true body went berserk, and a scream rang through the world.
 "Bastard!"
 They hunted geese all day long, but today, they were pecked blind.
 Li Hao was right. It had been too many years since he had made a move. Even though the peach tree was a Saint and had sensed something, it did not have the time to react. It only had time to scream and a loud boom was heard.
 The heart of life was instantly shattered.
 Countless springs of life emerged from the huge tree and drowned Qian Wuliang in an instant. How much spring of life had a living saint's tree accumulated over the years?
 And this ... Seemed to indicate that this tree might have been awake the entire time.
 However, he pretended to be very weak.
 To the monster plant, the heart of life was the source of its body's power, followed by its mental energy, and then its source called the bed. However, on this day when the source called the bed was cut off, as long as its body was broken and its mental energy was destroyed, it would mean death and there was no way to reverse it!
  The peach tree's powerful main body had been shattered by Li Hao's sword!  In an instant, a shadow appeared in the void. It was old, angry, and crazy!
 That was the spiritual power of the peach tree!
 It had never thought that it would be attacked while it was in the main city. This was almost impossible. Furthermore, the second recovery had not yet begun. The world could not accommodate Saints.
 But today, its body had been cut into pieces by a sword.
 An illusionary figure appeared and transformed into a human figure. The old peach tree was slightly deranged. Its powerful spiritual energy swept across the heaven and earth in an instant. It was a Saint. Even if its physical body was shattered, it was still a Saint!
 He had disguised his physical body to be weak, but his mental energy ... Was definitely not weak at all. With just one sword, it had been torn apart.
 At this moment, the pale-faced Li Hao didn't hesitate at all.
 All of a sudden, many of the Dao meridians in his body shattered.
 Instead of opening his apertures, he directly broke his Dao meridians and expanded his body. A powerful energy instantly emerged again. Li Hao, who was holding the starry sky sword, instantly reached his peak and even surpassed his previous strength.
 "Slash!"
 He slashed out with his sword!
 The illusionary peach tree was shocked. It had thought that this person had reached his limit. Who knew that he could still attack a second time? it turned around and wanted to escape. It had sobered up from its anger and was somewhat afraid!
 It had lived in peace for too many years, and it was afraid of death.
 But no matter how fast he was, how could he be faster than this sword?
 BOOM!
 An earth-shattering sound rang out. With a crack, the void seemed to turn into glass. The entire world, including the shadow, was shattered and shattered by this sword in an instant!
 What an incredible second sword!
 At this moment, a warship appeared behind Li Hao. What came into everyone's eyes was a towering tree that had been shattered by a sword strike.
 It was the spiritual energy of a Saint that had been shattered by a single sword strike.
 At this moment, Li Hao wasn't tall at all. Instead, he was so weak that you could stab him to death at any time.
 Young and insignificant.
  However, Li Hao, who was holding a longsword, stood still. With two slashes, not the expected three, he killed a Saint, or even a complete Saint, on the spot!
 "That's impossible ..."
 The illusionary mind power was instantly shattered, and the human body that was transformed from the peach tree was shattered into countless pieces. It was still a little unconfident.
 All of this happened too quickly.
 It was a Saint!
 How could a Saint die so easily?
 "You're Li Hao ..."
 "You're courting death. I'll return ..."He mumbled.
 With some unwillingness, the heaven and earth exploded with a boom.
 A great Dao appeared and disappeared in an instant. It was dead, but it was not dead in the strict sense. The great Dao of origins had not been completely cut off. As long as someone was willing to help it, or the great Dao of origins appeared again, it had hope of being reborn!

 It was only at this moment that the Golden armor came back to its senses.
 In an instant, he turned around and fled without looking back.
 At this moment, someone made a move. Qian Wuliang had already made a move from the back. All kinds of super powers burst out, and it was as if demons and ghosts surrounded the opponent.
 Beside the Golden armor, there were two people, Yuan Shuo and director Zhou.
 Director Zhou was slightly weaker. At this moment, he revealed his golden body and punched out. Yuan Shuo turned into a giant bear and smashed down with his palm.
 The three of them were already prepared.
 The Golden armor had just come back to his senses. The moment the battleship completely appeared, BOOM!
 Another loud sound rang out, followed by the Golden armor's painful wails.
 "It hurts!"
 "No, I won't die ..."
  The pain seemed to be magnified a hundred times in an instant. At this moment, the Golden armor of immortal force suddenly felt an indescribable pain, which was amplified by Qian Wuliang's super power.
 Fear and cowardice were all magnified!
 As a neo martial artist, even if he was attacked by an unexpected surprise attack, even if he was hit by a punch, he would not easily cry out in pain. But at this moment, the other party shouted, wailing in pain!
 He was in so much pain!
 The immortal body's golden armor was shattered by a single punch, and Yuan Shuo's fist landed on his chest. Hong long, a loud sound rang out, and his chest was pierced through ... Blood spurted out.
 Blood!
 Yes, this was not an air armor. Blood actually splattered out.
 Yuan Shuo and the others had grave expressions!
 As expected!
 Both the peach tree and the Golden armor were in disguise. The Golden armor actually had a physical body, but it looked weak.
 The Golden armored man howled in pain and wanted to fight back.
 At this moment, countless air-rending sounds came from behind him.
 Kachaa!
 The sword arrived first. It was not Li Hao, but the heavenly Sword, faster than the others. The heavenly Sword fell and pierced through the Golden armor with a boom. Then, countless powerful attacks came.
 The Golden armor was completely shattered, and a human body appeared. In the blink of an eye, it was split into pieces.
 As soon as his mental energy emerged, it was torn to pieces with a loud rumble.
 An expert at the middle stage of immortal realm was completely torn apart and shattered under the attacks of the crowd. Before he died, he was still a little unwilling, a little scared, and all kinds of other emotions were magnified infinitely!
 At this moment, BOOM!
 The world seemed to be shaking!
 Li Hao's team was fast, but they were in a main city. The moment they killed the two experts, a ray of light rose in the city.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The next moment, figures appeared one after another.
 However, there weren't too many powerful beings. From their auras, the strongest was only undying.
 At this moment, a sigh resounded through the world,""Father was wrong ... He shouldn't have been soft-hearted ..."  At this moment, the entire boundless city seemed to have been magnified countless times.
 It spread across the world!
 The originally dark area emerged in an instant.
 The main city was originally huge, but due to the lack of energy, it had been compressed. However, at this moment, the darkness subsided, revealing the true appearance of the ancient city.
 It was incomparably huge!
 In the darkness, a golden-armored figure without a helmet stepped out of the darkness. His voice was filled with regret and regret."He was actually killed into boundless city. What a pity!"
 It was a pity that it was a Saint-level Guardian monster plant.
 As for the immortal level golden armor, he was a director of the endless city. If he died, so be it. But the Saint level peach tree died with too much regret.
 "Boom boom boom!"
 In the city, it was as if the Army had awakened. In the darkness, tens of thousands of armored soldiers appeared in an instant. Silver-armored soldiers appeared one after another, and there were also golden-armored soldiers.
 Not only that!
 At this moment, an expert in sky-blue armor appeared.
 Li Hao knew that commanders and commanders could customize their armor at will, regardless of its color. Whether it was sky blue or any other color, as long as it was not gold, it probably meant that the armor was beyond the level of a commander.
 As for the other golden-armored man, although he was still in golden armor, his aura was extremely powerful. He was probably already a Saint.
 This person might be the son of the Zheng clan's patriarch.
 It was either the second son, Zheng Gong, or the third son, Zheng Yu.
 The one in sky-blue armor was either the commander of the reserve guards or the Vice Commander-in-Chief of the boundless Army.
 That person ... Had a powerful aura. He was also a Saint!
 The worst case scenario ... No, it was slightly better. The head of the Zheng family did not seem to be in the city.
 Including the giant tree, there were a total of three saints guarding this place.
 Even though the three saints weren't the worst of the three, they were still one more than they had expected.
 Li Hao chuckled in his heart. Fortunately, there was no fourth one.
  He felt a little helpless, but he didn't regret anything.
 At that moment, director Wang's expression changed. He gritted his teeth and hollered,""Zheng Gong!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he looked at the sky-blue armored expert and became even crazier.""General Hanjiang of the boundless Army! You guys have really betrayed us!"
 The system was still there, all recovered, and the physical body was not broken!
 Maintain the battle prowess of a Saint!
 At this moment, what else was there to say?
 He didn't need anything!
 Also, the peach tree was overflowing with countless springs of life, almost covering them. This amount of spring of life was definitely not something that could be done in one or two days. Perhaps, it had been revived a long, long time ago.
 The darkness receded, revealing the true appearance of the ancient city.
 Zheng Gong, the second son of the Zheng family, was wearing golden armor. He ignored him and looked around with a serious expression."Director Zhang, why are you hiding?"

 This was the reason why he didn't make a move at the first moment.
 Since Li Hao dared to attack ... Everyone thought that he must have obtained the support of Zhang an and heaven battling city.
 They were still a little afraid of Zhang an.
 Beside him, Han Jiang, who was in sky-blue armor, was the Vice commander of the borderless Army. At this moment, he didn't say a word. He sent a message to the Army who had stayed behind. In an instant, the Army moved out. The sky-covering shields appeared one after another, sealing the entire heaven and earth.
 The keyhole chain was originally meant to prevent the enemy from escaping. At this moment, it appeared instantly and locked up the void. They were worried that Zhang an would suddenly appear and break through the void.
 The two saints instantly made all the necessary preparations.
 At the same time, golden armors were gathering in the city. One, two, three ...
 In the blink of an eye, at least 30 golden armors had gathered together.
 Golden armor almost all represented immortality.
 This wasn't all. Some of the silver-armored captains in the Army seemed to still be alive. Their qi and blood soared to the sky, and their auras weren't any weaker than those of the undying.
  At a glance, there were at least tens of thousands of people in the densely packed Army.
 However ... It seemed that not all of them were alive. Many of them, like heaven battling city, were not alive, but rather dead. However, some of the copper-armored and silver-armored people seemed to be alive.
 A few of the Golden-Armored Division commanders were also alive.
 In an instant, they formed a defensive formation.
 Not only that, at this moment, rays of light appeared on the huge city walls around the main city. A huge light shield covered the entire city and countless super cannons suddenly appeared on the city walls.
 They aimed at Li Hao's group.
 "Director Zhang, do you still have to hide after becoming a Supreme martial artist?"
 The young-looking Zheng Gong was on guard, but he remained calm.""Boundless city has only recovered a few years ahead of schedule. The division Chief didn't ask any questions and just let Li Hao kill The Guardian monster plant. I think the division Chief has betrayed us, right?"
 "The division Chief is in hiding, is this the style of a Supreme Being?"
 He was sure that Zhang an was here.
 Even though he didn't know where he was hiding, he was still extremely vigilant. This Zhang an, even if he didn't have a physical body, even until today, he was still so terrifying. He was hiding in his body, and he couldn't even detect him.
 But Li Hao didn't say anything.
 Their physical bodies were crumbling, but there was too much spring of life nearby. It almost covered them, as if they were sinking into a River of Life.
 At this moment, Li Hao's broken body was rapidly recovering.
 He had not expected that the other party would mistakenly think that Zhang an had come and had been on guard. After he had killed a Saint, the other party did not take advantage of the situation to attack, but instead passively defended!
 This ... Was beyond his expectations!
 There were two saints, dozens of undying, and tens of thousands of soldiers. The other party had actually chosen to defend against Zhang an because they had not noticed his existence.
 Li Hao naturally wouldn't tell them that Zhang an wasn't there.
 Thus, he absorbed countless amounts of life force at a crazy pace.
 Not only him, but the others were the same. It was not just the life energy, but also countless imperishable substances that had been shattered. There was also a large amount of origin that was overflowing. Whether it was King Dali or Empress Dowager Shui Yun, they did not say a word or make a sound. They just absorbed it silently.
  His heart ... Was filled with wild joy!  A saint's legacy!
 Under normal circumstances, even if you killed one Saint, there were still two more. If they attacked in an instant, there would be no time for everyone to absorb and digest these things. Who would give you this opportunity?
 But ... No one expected that the other party would misunderstand.
 At this moment, Zheng Gong, the second-in-command of the Zheng family, seemed to be a little angry. His voice became low."Zhang an, you're still so weak! Everyone says that you're the most useless person in the Zhang family. You're weak and useless, not as good as Zhang Peng and Zhang Xue. Even today, you're still the same!"
 "Do you think that I won't be able to find you if you hide?"
 As soon as he finished speaking, a beam of light suddenly appeared above the huge ancient city. This beam of light pierced through the sky and earth, instantly sweeping through the surrounding void!
 As a main city, how could they not have any tricks up their sleeves?
 How could they not take any precautions against an enemy invasion?
 As the light swept past, even Li Hao and the others were covered, and even the space behind them was covered. However, as the light swept past, Zheng Gong's expression changed in the distance.
 What was going on?
 How was that possible?
 Zhang an ... He did not find Zhang an.
 Did they not come, or did they not find him?
 He didn't come ... That's not possible.
 If Zhang an didn't come, could it be that Li Hao was here?
 But Wang Ye was here!
 Li Hao was strong. He had just seen Li Hao suddenly appear and instantly kill the peach tree with two slashes. However, he also knew that those two slashes seemed to be Li Hao's limit. Even his body had been shattered.
 It was already extremely terrifying for the human race in the new era to reach this stage.
 However, if they were to conclude that the Zheng family had betrayed them, Li Hao alone would not be enough. He would be courting death.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com What about Zhang an?
 Beside him, vice Commander-in-Chief Han Jiang's expression changed. He looked around coldly, and when he finally looked at Li Hao's group, his expression changed. Could it be ... That they were really the ones?
 Was that even possible?
 ……
 Li Hao quickly absorbed a large amount of the spring of life.
 At this moment, a voice rang in everyone's ears,""I didn't expect that there would be two sages overseeing things. Of course, it seems that there are only two sages overseeing things. This is better than the worst case scenario I had expected ..."
 "Even better, they didn't come at us just now, giving us a chance ..."
 This could be considered as the help of the heavens!
 The more he thought, the more timid he became.
 If these people were all boorish and charged at him without thinking about Zhang an, Li Hao would have only been able to strike once just now. He definitely wouldn't have been able to do anything to the two saints. But now, he had recovered his physical body and sealed his Dao meridians again.

