fileno%d
rried an old man's head and said in a low voice,""The North Sea Administration Director has been executed! Governor, I'm going to take over the military camp now ... There's some movement in the North Sea ..."
 Li Hao's voice was heard."Go on. Hurry up. Don't worry about this. It's better to be chaotic than to have the world in chaos!"
 "Yes!"
 Very quickly, the camera shifted to the direction of the military camp. There were also shouts and shouts.
 At this moment, all the screens were showing the high-level officials of the three provinces being killed. Some of the people in front of Li Hao were so scared that their faces turned pale.
 Li Hao sipped his tea, looked at the crowd, and smiled.""General Yue, what do you think of the situation now?"
 Yue Hongchang opened his mouth and only spoke after a long while,"Good kill ... But ... There were also innocents ..."
 "Who's innocent?"
 Li Hao smiled."You're still not willing to do anything at this moment. How can there be any innocent people?" If they were ordinary people, it would be fine. But they were all high officials, and their salaries were all the People's lifeblood! If they're not willing to contribute ... What's the point of keeping them?"
 "This is only the beginning. After we take over the three provinces, we'll kill those who cause trouble and those who rebel. The rest will be taken to the Cang mountains ... What do you think, general Yue?" he added.
  Yue Hongchang's face was also pale."Rely on them ... To resist the Li Dynasty?"
 "Can't I?"
 "This ..."
 Yue Hongchang looked at Li Hao, whose expression did not change. After a long time, he said,""Governor ... As expected of the demonic sword!"
 This person was more ruthless than anyone else when he needed to be ruthless.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao, on the other hand, looked at the big screen and the rivers of blood everywhere. A large number of experts were killed, including some restless soldiers. When experts attacked, they would easily kill hundreds or thousands. Even if tens of thousands of people rebelled, they were all killed in an instant!
 A douqian Martial Master could fight against a thousand people, not to mention these people, who were far more powerful than a douqian.
 At this moment, the three provinces of land were already covered in rivers of blood and corpses.
 Li Hao just watched in silence.
 Some of the people in front of him were so scared that they almost lost control of their bladder.
 After a long time, Li Hao said slowly,"tomorrow, we'll make this public. It's up to them whether they choose to rebel or do something else." The 19 provinces in the North will send at least 100000 soldiers and 1000 transcendents ... Anyone who doesn't show up will be killed without mercy!"
 "Yes!"
 Very quickly, someone replied and passed down the order.
 He was waiting for the news tomorrow.
 ……
 At this moment, in the Linjiang governor's mansion.
 Qian Wuliang also gave out a lot of treasures with a smile, which dazzled fan Chang and made him swallow his saliva.
 On the other hand, Qian Wuliang looked at some people in the crowd and judged the situation. Then, he looked at Tian Jian who was as still as a mountain and sent a message to him, telling him who should be killed and who should not be killed.
 "General Ying, what do you mean by this ..."  Fan Chang didn't expect that Li Hao would send someone to send gifts, hoping that he would send troops to help ... It was simply ridiculous.
 "Your Excellency, please accept it. It's just a small gift ..." Qian Wuliang said with a smile.
 After saying that, he transmitted a message.
 The next moment, the heavenly Sword slashed through the sky!
 Fan Chang's expression changed drastically. Just as he was about to counterattack, a sword suddenly pierced through his waist from the person beside him. The sword carried a hint of ruthlessness. Fan Chang's expression changed immediately. He turned his head to look and saw that the heavenly Sword had already slashed down!
 The man beside Qian Wuliang looked at Qian Wuliang with both fear and ecstasy. Qian Wuliang smiled brightly and said,"You can take thirty percent of the treasures here ..."
 "Many thanks, general!"
 At this moment, the other people in the hall also reacted instantly. Some of them wanted to escape, but they were instantly killed on the spot by the people beside them.
 As for Tian Jian, he slashed down with his sword. With a boom, fan Chang's head fell to the ground with a look of disbelief.
 Qian Wuliang looked around with a bright smile.""Everyone will benefit. As long as you help us take over the military camp ... This is just the beginning!"
 "After you take over the camp, kill everyone here except for a few!" He said to skysword through voice transmission.
 Tian Jian's expression changed slightly. This ... Was going back on his words, alright?
 "None of them are good ... Besides, it was my order, so what does it matter? This has nothing to do with the governor!"
 Qian Wuliang laughed and pointed out the few people who could be spared.
 He could see through emotions. He could clearly see who was greedy and who was hostile.
 It was also because of this that he was able to easily convince some people to help him get rid of fan Chang.
 Tian Jian was also a little shaken.
 This person ... If he was an enemy, it was best not to leave him alive. Today, he had personally seen how this person had used a glib tongue to easily convince some of fan Chang's confidants to betray fan Chang!
  Such an ability ... Was too terrifying!
 If he could treat fan Chang like this today, he could treat Li Hao the same way tomorrow.
 He knew which people were greedy, which people were timid, which people were afraid of death, which people were half-hearted ... These were very terrifying things.
 The governor's decision to send this person to Linjiang ... Was indeed effective.
 Fan Chang's Governor-General's mansion was heavily guarded. Although he was very powerful, there were many experts in the Governor-General's mansion. But now, there was an internal strife, and his own people killed his own.
 Qian Wuliang picked up fan Chang's head and shook his head,"He really doesn't know what's good for him. At this point, he still has the intention to collude with the Li Dynasty. He's really looking for death!"
 With that, he looked at Tian Jian and smiled. "Don't worry, senior. I can only see through the minds of the weak. I can't see through the minds of the strong. You don't have to worry about what I'll do. Moreover ... The governor is wise and powerful. I think the soldiers under him are convinced. He will definitely be able to create a great era that will surpass neo martial!"
 Tian Jian did not say a word. He was not of the southern style, so he had no interest in listening to such nonsense.
 He would pass on everything that happened today to Li Hao.
 Whether this person could stay or not would depend on Li Hao's own choice.

 The four provinces were peaceful in a day.
 The higher-ups of the four provinces were almost wiped out in one fell swoop.
 The Army was also taken over in an instant.
 On Li Hao's side, the sky screen team immediately followed. Very soon, sky screens were set up everywhere.
 ……
 One night passed.
 The sky had just turned bright.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Some of the residents of the four provinces who were still trembling in fear heard a loud shout.
 "Citizens of the North Sea, Heyuan, Linjiang, and fog province, I am Li Hao from the star military governor's office. I am also a Northerner, Silver Moon Li Hao!"
 A huge sky screen appeared instantly.
  Li Hao's figure reappeared everywhere.
 At this moment, Li Hao was wearing golden armor, and a fierce tiger flag was fluttering in the wind behind him.
 When many people looked over, Li Hao said loudly,""The North has been in turmoil for more than half a year, and the three northern provinces have been in turmoil. Now that the Li Dynasty has invaded, everyone is responsible for the rise and fall of the world! The higher-ups of the four provinces are not listening to orders and are insistent on starting a civil war. This is intolerable!"
 "Last night, the star military governor's office launched an attack and killed the higher-ups of the four provinces who insisted on infighting! Today, the troops of the four provinces have also been taken over and will be heading to Silver Moon!"
 "Recently, the four provincial capitals have been in a period of chaos. There's no government, no organization, no army ... The star military governor's office is also short of people and can't replenish manpower quickly. Social development will inevitably stagnate, and there will be unrest!"
 "Li Hao, I implore all the fellow villagers to form a group of villagers to protect your hometown, protect your loved ones, and dare to resist those thieves and bandits!"
 The townspeople group!
 As soon as these words came out, the four sides were in an uproar.
 Li Hao's voice continued,"the rise and fall of a country; the rise and fall; the rise and fall; the common people suffer. The fall; the common people suffer!" Now, with the promotion of martial arts, there were people everywhere who had become martial masters. They spontaneously organized themselves to protect their hometown and family! Why do you want to learn martial arts?"
 "If you can't protect your family, what's the point of learning martial arts?"
 "I'm not asking you to go to the front line and fight against the Li Dynasty's strong enemies, but ... You must also pick up your weapons and say no to the enemy!"
 "The brave will win when we meet on a narrow road! Stealing your wealth, killing your wife and daughter, and not having enough to eat, are these what you want to see?"
 "I didn't want to take the troops from the four provinces ... But I know that these troops are even worse than bandits! If they are left behind, they will only bring disaster to the village!"
 "I will leave 10 demon hunters in each city. All the elders in the area can register themselves, form a militia, collect weapons, collect food, and collect some clothes ..."
 "If there's a big matter, you can report it to the Demon Hunter Army's personnel. If there's no big matter, guard the village!"  "At this moment, those who commit crimes are no different from traitors! All those who broke the law would be dealt with severely! Kill without mercy!"
 Li Hao's voice was cold."Cultivate, cultivate. When you have the strength, burn, plunder, bully the weak ... If you don't die, who should die?" If you really have nowhere to vent your energy, if you really need it, and if you don't have the resources to cultivate, you can come to the Silver City at the foot of the Cang mountains and participate in the battle against the Li Dynasty!"
 "To kill the enemy, one must rely on one's own abilities. One must seize treasures, obtain resources, cultivate, and strengthen oneself! Kill your enemies, kill other countries "powerhouses, strengthen yourself, and become a demon Hunter's Dao protector!"
 "He killed his own people and weak civilians. This is the reincarnation of a devil. He must be killed!"
 Li Hao's voice was loud and clear."My fellow villagers, I have killed everyone, but I can not quickly calm the turmoil. I can only beg you to take action to protect yourself. I am sorry! "However, the world is in turmoil. We must strive for self-improvement and independence. Only then will we have hope for a better future for the next generation!"
 "Of the 19 northern provinces, apart from the four major provinces and silver Moon, the other 14 provinces can immediately send troops to reinforce Silver Moon. They will have at least 100000 soldiers and over 1000 transcendents ... The star military governor's office will bear all the supplies!"
 "If there are disobey...The four provinces will be the examples!"
 "Next, the governor's office will announce the scene of yesterday's enforcement. It was a little bloody, and it was not suitable for children to watch ... Everyone else, watch! It doesn't matter if it's bloody or cruel, in this world, how can a coward protect himself?"
 "If you want everyone to be extraordinary, why can't you see blood?"
 "The world is in turmoil and there are countless enemies. I just want you to see, not do it yourself ... If even seeing is cruel ... Once the country is broken, we will be even more pitiful. The people of Li Dynasty are more brutal than wild beasts!"
 "At that time, you will be even more miserable!"
 As soon as Li Hao said that, yesterday's scene appeared on the big screen.
 Slaughter!
 Endless killing!
  The higher-ups of the four provinces were killed one after another. A large number of rebels were killed, and some of the rebel armies were annihilated in an instant. There was even a massacre. Some of the rebellious armies, despite their large numbers, were directly bombarded by the Super cannons and turned into meat paste.
 The images of the heaven battling Army and the Demon Hunter Army also appeared for the first time.
 ,m The ninth Division commander led one thousand heaven-battling troops and, like a killing machine, killed more than ten thousand soldiers in the blink of an eye. This terrifying scene shocked the people of the four provinces.  Shock!
 That's right, it was not just to intimidate the other provinces in the North, but also to intimidate some of the experts or those who had the intention to do evil in the four major provinces.
 For a short period of time, the four provinces would be in an anarchic state.
 Although Li Hao had asked the various parties to form a militia, there were always people who did not care about this.
 At this moment, he ignored the opposition of others and broadcasted these scenes for the first time. Endless killing, a large number of soldiers were killed, and a large number of high-level officials were beheaded.
 The battleship was still flying in the air.
 The others were a little uneasy.

 At this moment, someone saw the airship. Suddenly, someone knelt down and shouted,""Divine might of the governor! Long live the governor!"
 Indescribable excitement and joy!
 Some people might not understand, but some people had enough of all this. The higher-ups were incompetent, corrupt, dark, tyrannical ...
 The Army rotted, and the soldiers passed by like a homunculus!
 The three provinces were in turmoil, and Linjiang was actually darker than the three major provinces.
 Today, Li Hao had killed the high-level officials of the four provinces and taken away their troops. This made some people even more ecstatic, and the numbness in their eyes disappeared.
 He didn't think that those scenes were cruel!
 He only felt ... Very happy!
 It should be like this!
 He should have done this long ago!
  At this moment, the sound of a tsunami reverberated in all directions. Some people followed and shouted,""Divine might of the governor!"
 "Governor, I want to join the army ... To kill the Li Dynasty!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com “……”
 Below, a young man was chasing after the warship, shouting,""Go to the North and kill the enemy!"
 "Go to the Cang mountains, make a name for yourself, and protect the country!"
 On this day, the four provinces were shaken. Countless people cheered. The numb look in their eyes disappeared and was replaced with some excitement and agitation.
 In the sky, the scene played on loop didn't scare them. Instead, it made them even more excited and excited.
 A good man should be like this!
 Countless young men carried their bags and all kinds of weapons, such as hoes and machetes, and chased after the battleships, running toward the North.
 Behind him, his elderly parents 'exhortations could be heard.""Go, don't learn from those soldiers ... Learn from Governor li and the Demon Hunter Army!"
 "Don't worry, I'll take care of the family. The child will go to school ..."
 "I'll wait for you to come back!"
 There was his wife's advice, and his child's crying farewell.
 On this day, tens of thousands of young people from the four northern provinces bid farewell to their families and chased North with passion.
 The Northerners had suffered too much.
 The northern barbarians, this was what the central region called them. In this world, they couldn't live happily anymore. Now, the darkness at the top of the mountain had been broken, and the powerful figure of the Demon Hunter Army was imprinted in their hearts.
 Go to the North and kill the enemy!
 Otherwise, once the Li Dynasty came, the darkness that had been driven out with great difficulty would quickly cover the northern lands again.
 ……
 On this day, the entire northern continent was in turmoil.
 Li Hao's words and the killing scene were being broadcasted in every province.
 The various provinces could only watch helplessly as the number of sky screens increased, but no one dared to stop them. They allowed the sky screen teams to set up sky screens in the sky above the major cities without any restraint.
 In fact, it was right under their eyes.
 But ... What could he do?
 He didn't dare to do anything.
 On this day, the other provinces were all afraid, afraid, timid, and terrified.
 Li Hao ... Was not a Saint!  He just didn't want to use such a method, but if he was forced into a corner, all those who resisted would be killed.
 The northern regions were once again in chaos.
 "Go to Silver Moon, join the army, and kill the enemy!"
 "Go to Silver Moon and seek refuge with Governor li. Bring your troops back and kill our brutal director!"
 "My fellow villagers, although the four northern provinces have no government and have only just set up the villagers 'groups ... We have to set them up too to protect ourselves and our families. If those soldiers dare to come again, we'll fight them to the death!"
 "Let's go all out!"
 “……”
 On this day, the fluctuations that were set off surpassed those in the past.
 The news quickly spread throughout the North.
 The sky screens were everywhere.
 Seeing that scene and hearing everything ... The numb citizens finally couldn't take it anymore.
 Strong or not, they couldn't even withstand a single blow.
 When Governor li arrived, he would soon sweep away all the darkness.
 All of them were killed!
 Now, let's make our own decisions.
 For a time, in all places, from all directions, the village groups quickly appeared. If it was in the past, there would be no such Foundation, but now, the whole country was promoting the new martial arts. Even the women had good talent. After opening their aperture acupoints and entering the tenth realm, they could at least carry knives and guns and could kill people!
 The power of the masses was the most powerful.
 In some places, some people even started to attack the official residences.
 Let them send out their troops to defend against the Li Dynasty's invasion.
 There were also groups of villagers who directly raised the fierce tiger flag and requested some unscrupulous merchants and wealthy people to open their warehouses and release grain.
 The North ... Began to shake violently.
 Some high officials even fled in fear and didn't dare to go to their offices again.
 Such fluctuations began to spread.
 It crossed the northern continent and spread to the East, West, and South.
 Send out the Army!
 Since the North had sent troops to attack the Li Dynasty, the other parties should also send troops to resist the possible invasion of the three big countries.
  Li Hao said that popular sentiment was the most terrifying.
 In the past, many people didn't think much of it.
 However, on this day, all the overlords finally witnessed the rapid establishment of the thousands of civilian groups. A large number of martial artists who had opened their apertures joined them, and they began to disobey the government's orders and become autonomous.
 Some of them even began to recruit villagers to join their teams and head to Silver Moon to participate in the war.
 The entire North, the entire dynasty, was in an uproar.
 Li Hao had yet to arrive at Silver Moon, but the people of Silver Moon already knew that they were about to arrive.
 If even those foreigners were so supportive of it, what more in a place like silver Moon, which valued martial arts?
 ……
 White moon City.
 Tens of thousands of people, under the organization of some people, formed into groups and shouted,""We want to join the army, we want to kill the enemy, we want to protect our country!"

 "Director of state affairs, hurry up and organize the troops. We're going to battle in Silver City!"
 "The foreigners are almost here. Am I, a Silver Moon citizen, inferior to the foreigners?"
 "Kill the Li Dynasty, destroy the Li Dynasty, and follow the governor to trample the Li Dynasty! Trample the Cang mountains!"
 The sound of a tsunami resounded through the White moon City.
 Some of them had complicated looks in their eyes.
 Li Hao, demonic sword.
 The sky had changed even before they arrived.
 Everyone in the world now knew about the demonic sword, Li Hao, and Governor li. In one day, the higher-ups of the four provinces were all killed, and there was no government at all!
 Out of the millions of soldiers, almost 100000 were killed. The remaining people were forced to enter the Silver Moon land.
 They had thought that the ruthless Li Hao would anger many people.
  But ... He didn 't.
 Because he hated her too much!
 In Linjiang, the sound of firecrackers was even more intense than during the new year. In their eyes, those soldiers were even worse than bandits. Now that a bunch of them had been killed, the rest had to rush to the front line to kill the enemy ... The people of Linjiang were more than happy. Why would they think that Li Hao was cruel?
 ……
 In a Mountain Valley.
 Ying Hongyue and her group looked into the distance. Someone sighed,"F * ck! The three major organizations have killed countless people, but are we killing as many as he has killed in a day?"
 Li Hao killed more than 100000 people in one night.
 Although they had killed many people and many more people had died because of them, the number of people who had been killed directly was not that many.
 They all wanted to beat him up, but what about Li Hao?
 The crowd cheered!
 Good kill!
 Even deep in the mountains, they could hear the cheers clearly. The entire North was in turmoil, and countless people's blood was boiling. Thousands of young people left their homes and chased after Li Hao, only willing to follow him and kill the Li Dynasty's powerhouses.
 This was clearly an invasion ... But now, it was completely different.
 Ying Hongyue said softly,"Li Hao ... Good move!" I'm afraid it might not be unintentional, but intentional. They used the higher-ups of the four provinces to stir up the hearts of the people to resist and stir up their blood ..."
 Was Li Hao's broadcast really just a threat?
 Not necessarily!
 Perhaps ... It was to break the fear in people's hearts. No matter how terrifying the enemy was, they were nothing more than this.
 He could have gone straight to Silver Moon, but he did not.
 He had wasted an extremely crucial day at this time ... It seemed that he had only taken away the disobedient troops, but in fact, he had inspired the hearts of billions of people.  The three great organizations were all hated by everyone.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was like a Saint.
 "Hypocrite!"
 The flying sword immortal suddenly laughed."This fellow is actually very hypocritical. However, his methods are really good. We kill people, so we are evil!" He kills for justice, for demon hunting, and even his Army is called the Demon Hunter Army!"
 "However, everyone is used to this. You have heard the sound of the mountains and seas ... The North is about to celebrate the second New Year. Why are you even a little nervous about the Li Dynasty's invasion?"
 After saying this, he looked at Ying Hongyue and asked,"what should we do?" Li Hao has come to the North, and the Li Dynasty has also come ... Now ... Should we organize our forces and join forces with the Li Dynasty to launch a pincer attack on Li Hao and deal him a heavy blow?"
 At this moment, the other people all looked at Ying Hongyue.
 This was also an opportunity.
 The three great organizations and the clear sky divine mountain had quite a few experts. There were tens of thousands of transcendents and hundreds of people at the transcendent realm.
 It was an extremely terrifying force!
 If they worked together with the Li Dynasty and attacked Li Hao from the front and back, they might be able to deal Li Hao a heavy blow.
 "The Li Dynasty will be defeated!"
 At this moment, Ying Hongyue suddenly said,"Do you know how many experts Li Hao has?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He looked into the distance."I'm afraid that Li Hao has received the blessing of heaven's will. He's making it sound so serious that he's deliberately stimulating the People's desire to protect their homes and defend their country. In fact, even now, he still has the intention to have people guard the central part of Heavenly Star ... Which means that he's not afraid of the Li Dynasty's invasion!"
 At this point, he took a deep breath."Those guys are hoping that the Li Dynasty can cause Li Hao a lot of harm ... But it might not be effective. Of course, they might have their own reasons for letting the four big countries invade ... Too many people die ... Perhaps the result will be different."
 At this point, he already had a vague idea of the situation.
 Even if all the people of Dali died, the people behind the red robes would not care.
 They were more concerned about the second recovery!
  It didn't matter who died.
 Would attacking Li Hao from both the inside and the outside cause much damage?
 If they couldn't kill Li Hao, everything would be in vain.
 The few of them looked at Ying Hongyue. Yama said in a deep voice,"Then what do you want? Should he just watch Li Hao defeat the Li Dynasty? To put it bluntly, even if Li Hao doesn't kill everyone, he won't let you off. You've been hiding from him ... This isn't a good idea!"
 Ying Hongyue seemed to have been avoiding Li Hao.
 This was not a good sign!
 Ying Hongyue suddenly laughed."You're right ... So, while Li Hao is being held back here, we should do something else! Let's fight them. What we need to do is to strengthen ourselves and gather the strong!"
 "In addition, we still need resources ... So, while this guy is being held back, let's go ... To the mainland of Dali!"
 Everyone was shocked!
 Ying Hongyue's eyes flickered."The king of the Li Dynasty personally led the expedition and took away a large number of experts. There are very few experts left in the kingdom ... The Li Dynasty has a lot of resources. Some ruins, monster plants, and even some treasures from the early martial era ... They are all left in the Li Dynasty! While the two sides are fighting and there are no powerhouses in Dali ... Let's go over there and take all their treasures!"

 Everyone swallowed their saliva.
 "Aren't we helping Li Hao?"the heavenly Mountain Lord said in a deep voice.
 "No, no, no..."
 Ying Hongyue smiled and shook her head,"this is forcing the Li Dynasty to fight to the death with Li Hao. There's no way out!" We've cut off their path of retreat, they have no way out! Let them fight to the end in the Silver Moon of the Cang mountains! If Li Hao only wants to defeat them ... Then I'll let him know that the Li Dynasty is still very powerful!"
 "If we don't break into the Central Plains, the king of Dali will be attacked from both sides ... Do you think he still has a way out?"
 "There's no way out!"
 "The three major organizations have tens of thousands of superpowers and many powerhouses ... If they take all the resources of the Li Dynasty and leave them with nothing, do you think the Li Dynasty will be able to retreat?"
 Their eyes flickered.
 The four of them were also extremely powerful.
 It was naturally impossible for him to face the Li Dynasty head-on.
  But now, the people of Dali had all run away, and there were very few powerful ones left. At this moment, if they took the back road and took everything from Dali ... To them, it would be a huge gain.
 Ying Hongyue smiled,"Li Hao is very difficult to deal with. There's only one thing we need to do, and that's to continuously strengthen ourselves!" Only then would he have a chance! "In addition, the underground Forbidden Sea runs through the sky and the earth. I've discovered that the source might be in the Li Dynasty. If we can ignite the forbidden Sea and release some old fogeys in advance ... There might be a good show to watch. Of course, we need to seize the opportunity. Otherwise, the gap between the two sides is too great. Li Hao's team will be annihilated in an instant ... And we won't have a good end either!"
 "Compared to Li Hao, we have a great advantage-mobility!"
 Ying Hongyue's smile was brilliant. At this moment, she seemed exceptionally bright."We can leave at any time and go anywhere ... But he can 'T. He needs to stabilize the star dynasty! So, don't create too much trouble for heavenstar ... Otherwise, if you force him to his limits and he directly gives up on heavenstar ... At that time, he'll be very difficult to deal with!"
 Everyone nodded slightly.
 Ying Hongyue didn't say much."Hurry up! Take everyone and evacuate to the North. We'll secretly cross the Cang mountains at the end of the North ... Destroy everyone who sees us and enter the Li Dynasty!"
 A moment later, a huge Palace rose into the air, followed by a divine mountain and a Red Moon.
 Since Li Hao had come ... They would retreat.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Dali, they're here.
 Moreover, there was another great benefit this time. The Li Dynasty was dealing with the Cang Mountain Demon tribe. The demon tribe was in a fierce battle with the Li Dynasty and had no interest in them. A large number of demon tribes had left, giving them a chance to sneak in.
 Otherwise, there were many demon clans in the Cang Mountain. Once he sneaked in, he would attract the attention of the demon clan. It would be difficult to keep it a secret.
 Just like how the Li Dynasty sent out their troops, the Cang Mountain demon race was also the first to know about this.
 He could not avoid it!
 ……
 On this day, the three major organizations and the clear sky divine mountain once again crossed the void and left.
 He did not follow the ancient city's orders to give Li Hao a thunderous blow on the Silver Moon. Instead, he silently disappeared from the northern lands.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao was also on guard against the three major organizations that had retreated to the North.  However, the whereabouts of Ying Hongyue and the others were secretive, and it was impossible to find them.
 Even clairaudient could no longer detect their location.
 At this moment, Li Hao was on his way to Silver Moon.
 The sound of the mountains and seas could be heard no matter where one went.
 This also made the others extremely shocked.
 So ... Killing people could also achieve such an effect?
 They all thought that Li Hao's killing of so many people would cause some commotion, but nothing happened. Even if some of them felt that something was wrong ... Most of them suppressed it.
 At this moment, whoever dared to say anything bad about Li Hao would immediately be condemned by countless people.
 "This is the first time I've learned that killing ... Can also make one a Saint!" Yu Luosha couldn't help but say.
 Yes, she had heard it all. Many people were calling Li Hao a Saint.
 However, how could there be such a Saint?
 At least 100000 people died last night.
 ,m And now, an Army of nearly two million soldiers, escorted by tens of thousands of demon hunters and thousands of heaven battling Army soldiers, was heading to the Silver Moon. Once they joined the battle, there would definitely be countless casualties. This demon who could slaughter millions of people at any given moment ... Could he be called a Saint?  She found it unbelievable!
 Compared to Li Hao, she felt that Yuan Shuo was really wronged.
 How many martial masters had Yuan Shuo killed?
 300?
  In the end, Yuan Shuo was a publicly acknowledged demon in the martial arts world, while Li Hao ... Was a Saint!
 She was really ... Speechless.
 This pair of master and disciple should have their titles reversed.
 As she thought about this, Yu Luosha didn't say much about this. Instead, she asked,""Sky sword sent me a message earlier and talked about Qian Wuliang. How do you think we should deal with him?"
 "Deal with?"
 Li Hao laughed,"why should I?" He made a great contribution by taking down Linjiang without shedding a drop of blood and killing fan Chang, that bastard who was planning to collude with the Li Dynasty. Why should he be punished?"
 Yu Luosha was a little uncomfortable.""He ... He's terrifying! Right now, he's only at the sunrise level ... Once he enters the mountains and seas, or perhaps ... He'll be even more terrifying!"
 She felt that Li Hao was taking a risk.
 Qian Wuliang's super power was really terrifying.
 Li Hao shook his head,'divine powers aren't scary, what's scary is the human mind! All human beings have emotions and desires, and it depends on whether they can control them or not. Anger, joy, greed ... All of them are normal, but don't be swallowed by these desires. If you can control them, Qian Wuliang won't be able to bewitch you!"

 He said it so simply!
 Yu Luosha couldn't help but say,"but the governor also said that the human heart is the hardest to fathom!" Some people just think about it and might not really do it, but they can amplify the evil in people's hearts!"
 Such an existence ... Was really too dangerous.
 Li Hao nodded and said,"you're right ... But this is his Dao!" His Dao controls the seven emotions and six desires ... It's actually very complicated. I can't judge and deduce which Dao meridians caused the changes ..."
 "He didn't do anything wrong, so why should I punish him?"
 "If he makes a mistake one day, I'll naturally punish him, not now!" Li Hao continued.
 Chief Steward Yu sighed with emotion,"alright ... It's just that this person makes me a little afraid!" "The governor thinks highly of him now, but he might explode with strength in the future. At that time, he'll be even more terrifying!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao nodded. He had to admit that this person's ability was terrifying.
 He could see through people's emotions.
 Killing intent, greed, lust, and even the authenticity of words ... Even Li Hao himself didn't realize that such an ability matched the Dao Meridian. It must be a great Dao, and Li Hao guessed that it was a special great Dao.
  However, Li Hao wasn't afraid. As long as he didn't feel guilty, didn't fear, and didn't do evil, what was there to be afraid of?
 He could understand why the others were afraid.
 When a person spoke insincerely and was used to it ... If you had to expose him face to face and knew that someone had seen through him, how terrible would that be?
 Qian Wuliang ... I hope you can also restrain this divine power.
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 This kind of magical power should be used with restraint and not all the time. If that was the case, one would also fall into a kind of desire and eventually be unable to extricate themselves. If one completely believed that the magical power would not lie to you ... You would have been deceived.
 By then, Qian Wuliang would be in trouble.
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 Of course, no matter how powerful a sacred art was, it was still based on one's strength. Controlling one's seven emotions and six desires and controlling one's mind were just minor tricks.
 However, the Dao had no size, it still depended on how it was used.
 As these thoughts flashed through his mind, someone suddenly shouted,""Governor, there's a demon flying over. It's a Golden Eagle!"
 On the bow of the ship, Li Hao's junior Sister, Li Meng, had opened her third eye and was looking into the distance. She could see very far, and could even see through some maze formations.
 Li Hao also looked into the distance. Golden Eagle ... So, it was the people from the Cang Mountain?
 Previously, director Zhao had also sent a message saying that the demons were leaving Silver Moon ... And had only just flown here?
 This place wasn't far from Silver Moon and was within the borders of Linjiang.
 "Old friend!" Li Hao smiled.
 The four demons were indeed old friends.
 Moreover, he also had something to ask his old friends.
 For example ... The forbidden Sea.
 The sky Gold lotus that these people had raised had come from the forbidden Sea. Why was there a Forbidden Sea near the Cang mountains?
 The great demon from the North Sea said that the forbidden Sea ran through heaven and earth, and there were faint signs of an eruption ... Why was this happening?
  Where was the source?  "Also, what's the actual strength of the Li Dynasty? these few people should have gone to the Li Dynasty before.
 Furthermore, these people ... Were all old acquaintances of his teacher. His teacher was still in stellarsky city at the moment, but he had already told Yuan Shuo to put aside the matter of compiling the teaching materials and meet up with Silver Moon first.
 Perhaps, he would be able to meet these old friends soon.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao said, let's go and fight them!
 "Yes!"
 The battleship immediately flew over.
 Li Hao was a little regretful that the Black Panther was not here. Otherwise, he could have a chat with the demons. That guy was still cultivating in the huge mine in Heavenly Star Town. He might want to open the Dao Meridian of the demons ... But the key was, did he have it?
 If there wasn 't, then it would be lonely.
 ……
 In the distance.
 The Golden Eagle grabbed the snake and complained that the snake was too slow.
 Down below, The White Tiger and giant ape were running wildly. At this moment, they actually heard some howling of the mountains and seas, but they deliberately avoided the human cities. They were not sure why exactly.
 They only knew that these humans seemed to have gone crazy. They were still so happy about the Li Dynasty's invasion.
 Behind the four great demons were a large number of demons.
 They were all from the Cang Mountain Monster race!
 The Golden Eagle's spiritual power fluctuated."We're already out of the Silver Moon. Let's go to the North Sea ... The stupid snake is the Overlord of the sea. Let's go and let it see the real ocean ... So that it won't only know what a stinking ditch looks like!"
 "The four Seas will be ours in the future. We'll divide the four Seas equally. The four Seas are incomparably huge, so we won't be associated with those humans. In the future, we'll charge all those who cross the sea ... It'll be enough for our cultivation!"
 The Golden Eagle had a beautiful plan.
 The four Seas were said to be very rich.
 How cool would it be to dominate the four Seas?
  "I can also soar across the four Seas. If I have time, I can go to the central region of Heavenly Star. Even if the Li Dynasty really breaks through Heavenly Star, it won't be a big deal. There aren't many people in the four Seas anyway. Are you going to come to the four Seas to capture and kill us?
 Just as he was thinking, the void suddenly fluctuated.
 A battleship appeared.
 The great demons were stunned. The next moment, they were surprised. What a fast ship, what a big ship!
 "Such a big ship ... Is it a divine weapon or treasure?"
 "Where did you get it?"
 "I don't know,"
 As the demons were communicating, someone laughed and said,""Great kings, do you still remember me?"
 Li Hao rose into the air.
 Seeing Li Hao, the Golden Eagle and the other great demons were stunned. They ... Knew this man!

 That's right, they had seen it before. In the end, they were unlucky enough to encounter the earth overturning sword and the southern Fist. They had no choice but to give up half a heavenly Golden Lotus.
 At that moment, the snake was the most furious,'demonic sword? I was too lazy to find you, but this King is asking you, where is your master?"
 "Snake tribe?" Li Hao was stunned for a moment and then laughed."I remember that my teacher's five birds technique doesn't have a snake tribe."
 Why are you so angry?
 The Python was extremely angry. 'That's why I'm looking for him. Why isn't my Snake Race included?'
 Is my Snake Clan not worthy?
 Last time, it had been ridiculed by a few great demons, saying that it was weak, so Yuan Shuo didn't think highly of it. That was why ... That person had only copied the Golden Eagle and the other two, but not the snake tribe.
 Wasn't this infuriating?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The snake was furious. Last time, it had almost been beaten to death, so it had no choice but to compromise. After seeing Li Hao today, it roughly knew that this guy was going to Silver Moon to fight the Li Dynasty. It felt that he was going to die.
 When he thought of this, he immediately sent out a mental wave,""You're going to Silver Moon to fight the Li Dynasty? Then you're dead ... Why don't you follow this King and bring this King to find your teacher? then you'll still have a chance to live ... Kid, come quickly ..."
  Li Hao was dazed for a moment, then laughed.
 Interesting.
 This great demon was afraid that he would die. What a good demon.
 He did know one from the snake Race, the Snake King of Mount kui.
 He didn't know how that person was doing, but he should be stronger than this one.
 Before Li Hao could speak, the experts behind him glared at him.
 "How audacious!"
 In an instant, many auras charged into the heavens and earth. Yu Luosha flew out instantly and berated,""You demons, we know that you came from the Cang mountains and brought back Jin gun and the others. That's why Silvermoon allowed you to travel ... But you can't be rude to the governor!"
 At this moment, Yu Luosha was about to switch sides to Li Hao. How could she tolerate these demons looking down on Li Hao?
 At that moment, auras locked onto the few great demons.
 In an instant, the great demons felt that a disaster had arrived.
 The Golden Eagle and the others were all stunned.
 The human race ... Had so many powerhouses?
 'How ... How is this possible?'
 They knew that there were many powerful people in the Li Dynasty, but the Silver Moon martial masters had ordinary golden Spears.
 Why ... Why are there so many experts here?
 Yes, many.
 Although many of them were not present, there were still many mountain sea level experts on Li Hao's side.  In particular, there were still some puppets from the Academy in the team, and they were all extremely powerful.
 Li Hao chuckled and said,"alright. These demons are all friends of the human race. They've contributed greatly to the human race. However, it's not very peaceful outside right now, and the four continents are not at peace either. There are a lot of things waiting to be done in the central region ... There's nowhere for you to go even if you go there. Besides, the world can now accommodate some experts. If you run around, you'll be easily killed and eaten by these guys. "
 He was serious.
 Now, some existences in the ruins could release avatars. They were very powerful, comparable to the peak of the seven elements. These demons with three or four magical powers, once seen by others ... Were full of qi and blood, and neo martial artists loved to eat them.
 Li Hao chuckled."Why don't you come with me to Silver Moon first? after the Li Dynasty is pacified, I'll show you around ... It just so happens that my teacher will be coming soon. You can meet your old friends."
 The great demons were all extremely shocked.
 At this moment, the Golden Eagle was a little confused. It looked at Li Hao."You ... Are you the person from the Cang Mountain?"
 "It's me. "
 "You ... You ... These people, are they your subordinates?"
 "I guess so."
 "What?" the Golden Condor was shocked."They're very strong ... Are they the so-called divine powers you're talking about?"
 "It's almost the same. "
 Li Hao laughed."Time is of the essence, so let's not chat. I still have to go to Silver Moon ... My old friends, why don't you come back with me? don't run around. I'm serious; it's too dangerous outside! I'm in Silver Moon right now, so I don't have the time to care about those old antiques. They'll easily be eaten up!"
 "I want to take you away, and you want to take me away ..." The snake said angrily."It's extremely dangerous over there, and there are countless powerful cultivators in Dali. If you take us back, aren't you just sending us to our deaths?" Do you think this King is as stupid as you!"
 This snake ... Didn't seem to be very smart.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. He reached out and shattered the void. The great demons 'expressions changed. In the blink of an eye, the Golden Eagle was in Li Hao's hand. The next moment, The White Tiger roared and was caught by Li Hao.
 The giant ape turned to run, but Li Hao stopped it.
  A divine rune flew out and fixed the snake in the void. The thousands of demons behind were dumbfounded. Li Hao reached out and his five elements domain appeared, trapping the demons. In the blink of an eye, a large group of demons was captured and brought back to the warship.
 Li Hao threw them onto the warship and released them. He smiled and said,""Alright, don't mess around. Just stay here with us! I'm doing this for your own good. You can't go to the North Sea. There's a powerful ox in the North Sea, and it just so happens to be a demon. It lacks qi and blood now. If you go ... I'll catch you and eat your meat. It'll replenish your qi and blood. "
 At this moment, the few great demons were dumbfounded.
 The Golden Eagle was stunned. After a long while, it said,""You ... Are you the reincarnation of a powerful being?"
 "What?"
 "You're ... An ancient civilization expert?"
 "No."
 "Then why did you ..."
 "Just cultivate."
 Li Hao chuckled. He sighed with emotion when he saw the demons."When I saw you at the Cang mountains that day, I felt that you were extremely powerful and had broadened my horizons. You've helped me unintentionally by killing those people who were after me. This time, you've brought back the news of the Li Dynasty's invasion, which has been a great help to me ... You won't suffer losses if you come with me. Although your divine abilities are strong, they're nothing. When my teacher comes, I can chat with you. "

 The giant ape was tactful. It sat down obediently and looked at Li Hao and the others with curiosity in its eyes."These people ... Are all your people?"
 "Yes."
 "Very powerful ... But the Li Dynasty is even more powerful. They ... They have hundreds or thousands of people who are at the same level as us ..."
 "Is that so?"
 Li Hao nodded slightly."That's good. Only a small part of my crew is on the ship. By the way, do they have any experts who can tear the void?"
 "Ah?"
 "Did I?"
 "This ... There is, right?"
 "Many?"
 The great demons didn't know how to answer, so how would we know?
  If he knew, would he still be alive now?
 From what he said, it seemed like only those who tore the void were experts?
 "Previously ... Silver Moon didn't seem to be too powerful ..." The Golden Condor could not help but say.
 "Yes, I'm strong now! The few of you should be between the third and fourth levels of the mountain sea realm. There are nine levels of the mountain sea realm, and above them are the sun and moon. At the seventh level, you should be able to tear open the void ...."
 The demons were confused.
 Third or fourth level of the mountain sea realm?
 We ... Why do we feel so weak?
 However, something was wrong.
 We were clearly very powerful before!
 That stupid snake couldn't understand."How did you become so powerful?"
 "Because I'm talented."
 Was it?
 Li Hao chatted with the demons and looked at the demons they had brought. He smiled and said,""Are you interested in working with my Demon Hunter Army? If there are benefits, we can fight together. We don't lack divine power stones, and we often have the spring of life. "
 The few great demons were a little angry."A Mount, right? just say it!"
 How was that possible?
 Just as he was thinking, Li Hao suddenly said,"forget it. They're too weak. I can see that there are some demons who have just broken through the 100-point threshold. They're too weak ... And they're not very intelligent. They might even drag down the Demon Hunter Army ..."
 The great demons were even more speechless.
 At this moment, Li Hao had already entered the Silver Moon realm.
 The moment the warship appeared, deafening shouts suddenly rang out in the first city. In the city, some of the upper echelons stood in the air with hundreds of transcendents.
 When he saw Li Hao's warship, he immediately shouted,""Beidang city's administration, military law, patrol, and night patrol all pay an audience to the governor! Beidang city has organized 5000 militia and is willing to follow the governor to conquer the Li Dynasty!"
 Below them, thousands of militia who had changed into battle armor shouted,""Follow the governor and hunt demons in all directions! The Silvermoon people are fearless!"
 At this moment, the entire city cheered!
 "Follow the governor and protect our country!"
 Li Hao looked down and smiled. The Silvermoon people ... Were very brave.
 "Let's set off. We'll meet up with the Army behind us. We'll hurry to Silver City!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 The higher-ups were overjoyed. The next moment, the thousands of soldiers set off to meet up with the troops behind them. More and more people joined the expedition.
 ……
 Before they arrived at the Silver City, Li Hao's warship had already appeared in the sky.
 Not only that, behind them, millions of soldiers, packed like ants, were also rushing toward the Silver City under the "escort" of the heaven battling Army and the Demon Hunter Army.
 Their speed was very fast!
 Although there were many ordinary people, they all had some fighting power. The heaven battling Army and the Demon Hunter Army didn't expect them to join the battle at all, so they used up all their energy on the journey.
 As long as these people came to the Silver City and didn't cause trouble elsewhere, it would be the best thing.
 ……
 At this moment, not only were the people of the Silver City watching, but countless people were also watching because the sky screen began to show the scene of the Silver City.
 On the other side was the grey Mountain!
 Not only that, at this moment, illusionary figures also appeared in the sky above the ancient cities.
 Heaven battling city, the Zhao family's main city, the Zhang family's main city, the Hong family's main city ...
 There were even experts appearing in some unknown ruins.
  They felt it!  He felt his blood and Qi rush to the sky!
 He could feel the killing intent and also a monstrous force that seemed to be mixed with heaven's will coming from the south.
 At the same time, there seemed to be a great force coming from the north of the Cang mountains.
 In the sky above heaven battling city, in the cross-section Canyon.
 The old turtle and general Huai's projections appeared. The Army was crossing the transverse Canyon.
 The battleship sailed across the sky!
 Li Hao also saw the two and nodded slightly.
 The two old men also looked at Li Hao and sighed. The next moment, thousands of soldiers walked out of heaven battling city under director Wang's lead.
 They joined the ranks of the Army.
 The old turtle's voice rang out."I wish Governor li victory. Heaven battling city ... Will stand on the side of justice!"
 Li Hao smiled."Justice ... Belongs to us!" He said.
 His voice was not loud, but it spread in all directions. "I'm willing to live in peace with neo martial. This war is related to the fate of the star dynasty. I hope that all the strong people can abide by their own path and not move around randomly, causing unnecessary trouble! "Li Hao thanks everyone for your help, but I don't want the relationship between new martial arts and silver Moon to end here. Li Hao will kill anyone who helps the Li Dynasty, no matter how strong they are!"
 As if the will of heaven had descended, Li Hao's figure shook the void!
 Li Hao's figure seemed to appear in the sky above some ancient cities, and the sound of the great Dao shook!
 Some of the experts were shocked.
 This Li Hao ... His every word and action can actually attract the will of the heavens ... What level has this person reached?
 It was simply unbelievable!
 The old turtle and general Huai were also slightly shocked!
 Li Hao ... Had the help of the heavens!
 Even if the king of Dali was stronger than Li Hao ... He might not be able to defeat Li Hao. How did he change so much in this period of time?
 It was simply unbelievable!
 ……
 In another ancient city.
 At this moment, there were also people peeking at the outside world. The ancient existence also sighed,""The Son of Heaven ... He's somewhat similar to the heavenly Emperor from back then. Although he doesn't have the power of a heavenly Emperor, he has the blessing of the Silvermoon heaven's will ... If he doesn't die, he'll definitely be a huge problem in the future!"
 He had made the right choice. He didn't choose to send people to fight with him at this moment.
 Otherwise, he would not gain any advantage.
 On the other hand, if the four countries of Dali invaded, regardless of the outcome, it would be beneficial for their side.
 ……
 At the same time.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In the Cang mountains, the Army had gathered. A large number of demons had been killed and captured. At this moment, there was a hubbub of human voices and the roars of beasts.
 At the front of the crowd, the Dali King seemed to see through the Cang mountains and into the distance.
 After a long time, he snorted coldly,'I've met a strong opponent! This King also wants to see what kind of heroes will appear in the Central Plains this time and whether they can fight with this King!"
 "Let's advance. We'll enter the land of Silver Moon before dawn tomorrow!"
 The Army quickly moved out. Millions of soldiers and tens of thousands of demons rushed out of the Green Mountain.
 As for the black-robed priest, he looked into the distance and frowned.
 In his eyes, what appeared was not the Cang mountains, but the rolling momentum.
 It was as if they had seen a man in golden armor, with tens of thousands of people prostrating before him. That ... Was like a human Emperor out on an inspection tour. Was a human King and human Emperor about to be born in this land of heavenly stars?
 How was that possible?
  After new martial arts, there were no more human Kings and human emperors. In the land of Silver Moon, there were no such signs in the past Kings.
 At this moment, the black-robed priest's expression turned serious.
 The Li Dynasty had worked hard to rule for 200 years, and martial arts flourished. There were countless experts, and they had been using the Cang mountains to train their soldiers all these years. All of their soldiers were strong and unparalleled. This time, they had gathered all of the country's elite soldiers with the intention of breaking through the Silver Moon stronghold of the star dynasty in one fell swoop and charging straight into the Star City ...
 But now, it seemed to be very difficult.
 "Li Hao?"
 He muttered in his heart. Is this the Li Hao that those guys were talking about, the guy who has obtained the approval of the will of heaven?
 If that was the case ... This battle would be a little dangerous.
 No wonder these ancient existences dared to betray the human King back then. Now, they were so anxious. If the Silver Moon land really gave birth to a human King, or even a world Lord, then these powerful existences would not have a good ending.
 It would not be a good thing for the Li Dynasty if the Silver Moon Kingdom were to be United once again. The Li Dynasty did not want to continue to live in a corner and be associated with the tigers and leopards.
 He didn't have a chance at the initial stage of martial arts in the origin world, but he might have a chance here.

 (I've been really busy these few days. I'll be fine once my wife is discharged from the hospital.)
 Silver City.
 The northernmost city of the star dynasty.
 ,m Originally, not many people cared about a small city with a population of a million.  However, with the rise of the Silver City's experts and the spread of news from the eight great families, the Silver City quickly became the target of many people's attention.
 Ying Hongyue of the three great organizations, Li Hao, who was in charge of the Heavenly Star military governor's office, Yuan Shuo, who had been teaching in Silver City for many years, and Liu Long, who commanded the Demon Hunter Army ...
 These people were all from a small place like silver City.
 It was just a small city with a population of one million.
 The land of bitter cold, the land of extreme north.
 But today, the Silver City had once again become the center of attention.
  That was because ... Li Hao had arrived.
 Not only Li Hao, but the Li Dynasty, which was opposite the Cang mountains, had also come.
 ……
 As the saying goes, one is afraid of approaching home.
 As the warship approached Silver City, Li Hao stood on the deck and looked into the distance. Desolation and loneliness were the characteristics of Silver City. In the past, he had thought that it was a small city, but after seeing the prosperity of the central region ... In comparison, Silver City was really too desolate.
 There was not a single tall building in the huge Silver City.
 In the city, there were not many small cars. Most people rode cars and walked.
 Silver City stood alone at the foot of the Cang Mountain.
 It was said that this place was the core of the world a hundred thousand years ago. Sword city was said to be here in the past. However, the Silver City today was not sword city, but a city that was built on the original site of sword city.
 At this moment, Li Hao had a lot of people with him.
 Director Wang was also on the deck.
 At this time, he looked into the distance and saw the shadows of the Silver City. He sighed and said,""Sword city ... Has indeed disappeared."
 It was the head of the eight cities back then, the center of the world.
 Now ... There was only a small, Lonely City standing there.
 Li Hao didn't reply. Instead, he raised his head and looked at the sky.
 When he returned to the blizzard Silver City, he saw the eight trigrams diagram again. It was even clearer than before. This time, he didn't need the red shadow's power to stimulate him. He could see it directly.
 His eyes were shining.
 It was a huge Eight Trigrams diagram that covered the entire Silver City.
 Eight lines!
 One of them was connected to Li Hao, and it was rather thick. The other ones were connected in another direction ... Li Hao frowned slightly. Some of them were a little weak, probably because their divine weapons were broken.
 But ... The direction of the line was wrong.
 Li Hao frowned and didn't speak.
 The direction of the red line pointed to the opposite side of the Cang Mountain.  Ying Hongyue ... Was not in Silver Moon or the three northern provinces?
 He was in the Li Dynasty, opposite the Cang mountains?
 Or should he act together with the Li Dynasty?
 Many thoughts flashed through Li Hao's mind. At this moment, the eight Trigram was not very clear because he was outside the Silver City, but Li Hao could still see him. He looked carefully, but because he was too far away, he couldn't see The Phantom of his ancestor or the gate in the deeper part of the starry sky.
 He knew what it was-a Stargate.
 It was said that it was the passage to leave this world and lead to the origin world.
 Back then, he had seen something or a monster sitting cross-legged near the Stargate. At this moment, Li Hao was a little suspicious. What was that?
 Also, what exactly was the eight trigrams of the Stargate?
 "Director Wang," Li Hao said softly,"I've told you about the eight trigrams above the Stargate, but you didn't tell me what it is ..."
 Director Wang hesitated before saying,""I'm not too sure. A Stargate is a Stargate ... But the eight trigrams you mentioned might be the eight trigrams heaven suppressing formation of the Silver Moon! It's a formation formed by the eight cities, but it was broken in the past, causing the eight main cities to lose contact ... Why did it appear here ... It could be because of sword city, or it could be a sub-formation. "
 The heaven and earth Eight Trigrams heaven suppressing formation!
 Li Hao knew that the eight main cities had used this formation to suppress the world. The blood Emperor had cut the Silver Moon land into eight parts.
 He didn't want the world to give birth to a consciousness so as to avoid leaving the origin world.
 But now, this Eight Trigrams diagram was floating above the Silver City.
 There was a lot of meaning behind this.
 There were many good things in Silver City, including the stone gate, which was said to be the land of inheritance of the eight great families. Li Hao had found one before.
 As for the energy inside the stone door, it was a mixture of the eight great families "energy, but now it seemed that it was the power of the Spirit array, which had a special effect on the red shadow Force.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The red shadow Force was created by Ying Hongyue.
 Yuan Shuo had once said that the red shadow was a type of puppet power.
 The strength of the eight great families was against this kind of strength.
 At that time, Li Hao had caused an explosion in the Silver City. He had thought about meeting Ying Hongyue and using the power of the eight great families to blow her up ... But in the end, he discovered that Ying Hongyue didn't have any red shadow power on her.
 Now that he was back in the silver Blizzard city, many thoughts flashed through Li Hao's mind.
  He looked at the Silver City.
 Beside him, there were a few people looking out.
 Many people were actually very interested in the Silver City, but they didn't have the chance to see it. Now that they had seen it, it was completely different from what they had imagined. It didn't have the magnificence or the ancient aura.
 There was only ... Desolation.
 Was this the Silver City?
 The battleship flew toward the Silver City. Behind it, millions of soldiers were like locusts. They stomped on the ground, causing the ground to cave in. They were also rapidly approaching the Silver City.
 The earth quaked and the mountains shook!
 ……
 Silver City.
 Director Zhao was at the broken city gate. Not only him, Jin gun and the other martial masters all had pale faces as they looked into the distance.

 Beside Jin Jin, an old man said with a strange expression,""That's yuan Shuo's disciple?"
 On the deck, a man stood there for a long time.
 The golden light on his body could be seen from far away.
 Yuan Shuo naturally knew that these people had gone to the Li Dynasty a few years ago, but he did not expect that Yuan Shuo's disciple would be able to create such a great career in such a short time.
 Those countless troops ... No matter how strong they were, they at least looked intimidating.
 On the huge warship, there were many armored soldiers.
 Some of his old friends from back then could only act as his assistants now ... It had to be said that the Silver Moon Martial master's view of the pugilistic world was indeed different from Li Hao 's. They had never thought that a pugilist could reach such a level.
 Jin Jin's eyes were a little complicated as he nodded, "It's him, the demonic sword Li Hao. Three years ago ... Or rather four years ago, he was the last disciple that Yuan Shuo took in. However, at the beginning, he only studied literature ... Now, he has embarked on the path of martial arts."
 The old martial masters also knew some things about Li Hao. In the past two days, the entire Silver City had been talking about Li Hao.
 However, they also felt like they were in a dream.
  Half a year ago, Li Hao was still a patrol officer in the Silver City.
 Half a year later, he had led millions of troops back to fight against the Li Dynasty. It was simply earth-shattering.
 The few of them were just talking when a figure soared into the sky from the warship.
 p The void seemed to tremble slightly, and Li Hao's figure appeared. He smiled.""Director Zhao, senior golden spear, seniors ... Li Hao pays his respects!"  Director Zhao sighed.
 He glanced at Li Hao, coughed, and smiled.""In the short time we haven't seen each other, you've become even more brilliant and heroic."
 "Director Zhao, you must be joking."
 Director Zhao was still smiling."This is the truth, but now is not the time to talk about this. The governor has called for all the northern regions to gather in Silver City to fight against the Li Dynasty. The Silver Moon Administrative Bureau, Zhao Shuguang, has also come under orders. Please give us your instructions!"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 He glanced at this old official Huan hai. Having been in power for almost forty years, it had to be said that the speed at which he changed his attitude was extraordinary.
 It was not a derogatory term.
 He just felt that this director Zhao was really interesting at such a crucial moment.
 Zhao Shuguang had always been the highest-ranking leader in the land of Silver Moon.
 Director Zhao had been in this area for decades and had been preparing for it. But now, Li Hao had just arrived. He first called him the governor, then said that he would listen to his orders ... Previously, Li Hao had some ideas, but now, this person had paved the way.
 "Director Zhao, You must be joking!"
 Li Hao laughed."The land of Silver Moon is what it is today all thanks to director's hard work. In the North, there are many frozen bones, but in Silver Moon, everyone can at least eat and wear warm clothes. Director's contributions can't go unnoticed."
 "Everyone's doing their best. "
 Director Zhao laughed and looked at the people who had arrived. He didn't bother with the formalities,""Governor, you've come all the way here. We should have a welcome ... But the situation is urgent. Why don't we have a meeting first?"
 "Sure!"
 Li Hao nodded slightly. Then, he looked at the sky.  At this moment, the sky seemed to be drizzling again.
 The bloodline in Li Hao's body fluctuated slightly.
 In the next moment, Li Hao's powerful aura suddenly disappeared, as if it had vanished into thin air. Above the Silver City, the eight trigrams seemed to tremble slightly, giving off a feeling of confusion.
 Li Hao looked up at the sky again. At this moment, some people were also looking at the sky.
 At this moment, the sky above the Silver City seemed to be in turmoil, and dark clouds gathered.
 It's going to rain?
 The rainy season had just passed.
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly spat out golden light, and a sword intent overflowed from his body.
 Under the shocked gazes of countless people, a sword light pierced through the world!
 BOOM!
 The dark clouds crumbled and turned into raindrops. However, in the blink of an eye, a divine rune flashed, and all the dark clouds and raindrops disappeared. The scene shocked gold spear and the others to the extreme!
 Even director Zhao's expression changed.
 This ... Was too powerful!
 How far had Li Hao reached?
 Under the sword, the sky was clear, and the Silver City, which was about to rain, had no clouds.
 As for Li Hao, he raised his head and looked at the sky again. The dark clouds seemed to be gathering again.
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
 A golden light flickered in his eyes as he looked up into the sky. He seemed to have seen a door, but it was not very clear. He did not follow the blood line as it was dangerous every time it spread.
 The others followed him and looked up into the sky, but they did not see anything.
  Director Zhao, on the other hand, felt his blood tremble. He glanced at Li Hao and said slowly,""I met Ying Hongyue here once before, and he said that there was a formation here that could absorb the bloodline power of the eight great families, but also weaken it ... It would be unsealed sooner or later."
 The seal.
 While Li Hao was deep in thought, director Wang said,""The Stargate should be nearby ... But now that it's sealed and its aura has dissipated, we can't see or sense it anymore."
 "The Stargate was created by the strongest weapon forging expert in the new martial era, the God forging Emperor!" He added.
 In the past, they didn't dare to call out the title of venerable sovereign.
 Now, he had less to worry about. He thought that if he could really sense it and come over, it would be a good thing.
 Of course, in the past, it was also out of respect.
 Now ... It didn't matter. It was good that they came.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com God-casting Emperor ...
 Li Hao had heard of this title before. Many powerful weapons were said to have been forged by him, including the starry sky sword, which was said to have been forged by the human King and the God-casting Emperor together.

