fileno%d
tely had The Power of Six elements, or even the peak of six elements. There was no problem with the ranking given to him by the Billboard. He really had the qualifications to enter the top ten. In fact, it seemed that he was even stronger than Chen Zhongtian, who was ranked ninth.
 Chen Zhongtian was also a little surprised and shocked!
 This guy was so powerful?
 At this moment, Li Hao shouted,"Secretary Chen, let me see your strength. It's just a clone. If this is all you've got ... It's not worth the price!"
 Chen Zhongtian cursed in his heart!
 In the next second, he also turned into a golden light and disappeared. In the blink of an eye, he appeared beside director Zhou. He struck out with his palm and the branches of the coconut tree clone shot out. A strong mental energy swept out in all directions.
 Chen Zhongtian shouted and grabbed a branch. A powerful inner force burst out. BOOM!
 The branch exploded!
 This was the second person after director Zhou to be able to break a tree branch. The others needed to cooperate.
 Li Hao's eyes flickered. Very strong!
  At this moment, the mentality of the coconut tree fluctuated wildly, and the voice of the other party's angry roar appeared in everyone's mind.""A group of ants, you dare to ambush this Lord? you're courting death!"
 BOOM!
 At this moment, the sky darkened.
 A towering tree seemed to have appeared from another space. In the blink of an eye, it turned into countless clones and appeared in everyone's mind!
 Little tree also burst out instantly, and his spiritual power fluctuated violently.""Essence technique, be careful. Protect your divine intent and use force to block it!"
 Everyone's divine intent burst out instantly. Divine runes were retracted instantly and entered their bodies. Martial power erupted!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The trees in their minds exploded one after another. They could have destroyed everyone's mind power directly, but at this moment, they could not do it. The sudden explosion caused many people to vomit blood, and the divine runes even began to crack.
 But ... He still managed to block it in the end!
 Li Hao was also attacked by the tree's mental power. He instantly slashed his sword and destroyed the tree's shadow!
 "Impossible!"
 The big tree was a little shocked and instantly dimmed a little.""How could this be ... These words, what are they ..."
 It had actually retracted all of its mental energy and force within it. It was just about to destroy these people's mental energy, but without their mental energy, these people instantly became the Living Dead.
 To it, it was impossible to block these guys who were much lower in level than it.
 But ... They had all blocked it!
 Not just one or two, but all of them.
 What kind of freaks were they?
 Behind them, hei Teng was also surprised. He thought to himself,"this divine text is interesting. It actually hides the mark of life and stores everything into the divine text. As long as the divine text is not destroyed, it means that it will not die."
 This was somewhat of a counter to the Dao of origin. Or rather, it was extremely effective against experts who cultivated the Dao of mental energy.
 Even in the new martial era, spiritual power attacks were terrifying.
 But in this era ... An absolute nightmare realm's mental power was actually blocked by a group of weaklings.
 In the past, a large number of them would have died!
 Even hei Teng was a little surprised, let alone the coconut tree. He was also shocked beyond words. How could this be?
 He had expended a great deal of energy just to kill these people.
 In the end, none of them died!
 ……
 "So this is an essence Dao attack?"
 Li Hao smiled. He suddenly felt that ... It was not bad.
 He had been observing the tree and trying to figure it out. At this moment, Li Hao stopped watching the battle. He instantly appeared in front of the tree and poured divine runes into his sword.
 It was silent!
 As he slashed out with his sword, the wind, Thunder, water, fire, metal, and earth divine arts were unleashed!
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, the tree was directly penetrated as if it had become solid!
 However, it healed instantly.
 But this time, the tree grew even gloomier. The next moment, the coconut tree suddenly shrank to the size of a man and charged at Li Hao with a hint of madness. Damn it, it's all this bastard's fault!  I'll kill you even if I have to destroy my clone!
 Li Hao flickered and disappeared, but his opponent was also astonishingly fast. In the blink of an eye, he reappeared, and a branch turned into an arm, which punched at Li Hao's head.
 Just as Li Hao was about to retreat, someone suddenly appeared, one on the left and one on the right, it was Chen Zhongtian and director Zhou.
 The big tree was about to break through their defense, but in the next second, the word "sword" appeared in front of it and turned into thousands of sword auras that enveloped it!
 The small tree also had tens of millions of branches that pierced through.
 Seeing this, Li Hao no longer dodged. He charged for a moment, roared, and slashed out!
 The void seemed to be torn apart by this sword.
 Divine texts also appeared around the others as they unleashed their most powerful attacks with all their might!
 BOOM!
 An explosion sounded!
 The big tree struggled intensely and shattered the thousands of sword attacks. It forced the small tree's branches back and even pierced through director Zhou's golden body ...
 But at that moment, a sword was heading straight for its core!
 Bang! Bang!
 The starry sky sword pierced through its body, and its origin shook violently. The five Forces instantly exploded, and a lifeless sword intent burst forth. Boom ... Violent explosions kept ringing out.
 A moment later, the tree was in ruins. After retreating a hundred meters, a face seemed to have appeared on the coconut tree. It said with some resentment,""You want to ambush me and seize my origin? Delusional!"
 A wave of Origin Energy began to fluctuate violently!
 Li Hao knew that the other party was going to self-destruct!
 At that moment, the little tree's Origin Energy fluctuated violently. In an instant, the projection of the Imperial Palace appeared. With a loud boom, the corner of the Imperial Palace pressed down!
 Bang! Bang!
 The source of the wave was instantly suppressed. The coconut tree once again looked in the direction of the small tree in disbelief."The Imperial Palace ..."
 Bang! Bang!
 In an instant, all the branches exploded!
 In the blink of an eye, they were all devoured by the Imperial Palace.
 The little tree seemed to be a little too full. The palace shook and a thick source energy surged towards director Zhou. Director Zhou didn't hold back and directly swallowed it.
 He walked the path of ancient martial arts, so it was suitable for him to absorb it.
 Li Hao and the others landed on the ground one after another. The others were overjoyed, but Li Hao frowned.
 Everyone was more or less injured, but that wasn't important. What was important was that it was so difficult to kill an avatar ... If little tree didn't use the Imperial Palace projection, he couldn't stop him from self-destructing.
 This won't do!
 To deal with the main body in such a state ... Was simply courting death.
 The key was that no one could kill in one strike!
 Li Hao frowned. A moment later, he relaxed his brows slightly. Taking a deep breath, he suddenly said,""I'm going to condense the last wood Word divine text. Please wait for a moment and recover!"
 Everyone's expression changed!
 This ... Seven elements?
  Li Hao did not speak. He could sense that it would be difficult to kill his opponent without seven elements. Outside, seven elements could tear space apart. However, his seven elements might not be pure. At the very least, the wind and thunder were somewhat weak.
 As for whether his physical body could withstand it ... As long as he could withstand the condensation period, he could restrain himself and consume more lifeforce and sword energy when he unleashed his power.
 Li Hao felt that he was too weak to deal with his clones alone, let alone his main body.
 The next moment, a wood element aura burst out.
 Everyone looked at him worriedly. The joy they felt earlier had disappeared. He was still too weak!
 The group of them working together could only deal limited damage to the coconut tree clone.
 At that moment, a few of them sat down quietly with their legs crossed. Divine power rippled through their bodies, and in the blink of an eye, their bodies cracked. The sapling sprinkled some spring water of life without Li Hao's command.
 Chen Zhongtian's eyelids trembled. F * ck, this group of people ... What's the situation?
 It was too terrifying!
 He felt that if these people really killed the original coconut tree, there might be many powerhouses who would surpass him.

 (I suggest that we watch it together tomorrow.)
 After killing the coconut tree clone, Li Hao finally understood that there was still a huge gap between the two.
 Although no one was injured, and director Zhou and Chen Zhongtian blocked each other's attacks, but ... This was just a clone!
 The coconut tree said that it had cut off one-third of the source.
 You took it seriously just because it said so?
 Perhaps it was only a quarter?
 Thus, Li Hao understood that he could gamble, but he couldn't just gamble without any confidence. He would die!
 Wood-type divine power exploded!
 With a boom, Li Hao's body split open. Blood spurted out, and his internal organs shook violently. His body couldn't withstand the energy of the seven elements. Li Hao had suppressed the divine runes of wind, Thunder, water, and fire, but the explosion of the seventh element was still unbearable!
 The spring of life and the sword energy continued to flow in, but it was still difficult to make up for it.
  Chen Zhongtian's scalp went numb!
 Crazy, he didn't want to live anymore.
 Even if he really did enter the seven elements, he would tear space apart at any time when he left. The space was extremely unstable at the moment, and the slightest bit of energy would be shattered by the space!
 Why!
 He thought to himself. Very quickly, he sighed. Because ... This guy was no ordinary person!
 On the other side, the little tree could no longer care about absorbing the origin Energy. It sprayed out a large amount of spring of life. Not only Li Hao, but the group of people also felt their skin and flesh split open, and their internal organs shook.
 The black Phoenix had unknowingly gotten close to them, and Chen Zhongtian did not even notice it at all, which made him even more terrified.
 As for hei Teng, he glanced at Li Hao.
 He seemed to be observing.
 After a while, Li Hao still couldn't maintain the stability of his power. The Holy character "wood" couldn't be stabilized. Every time it was successfully condensed, it would quickly shake and shatter.
 "You don't have the qualifications to withstand the seven divine arts," hei Teng said slowly after a moment of silence."Your physical body is too weak!"
 Li Hao ignored him and continued to condense.
 Hei Teng was slightly displeased.
 He was reminding her out of goodwill!
 If this went on, Li Hao would be in trouble. It was okay for him to be young and impetuous, but to ignore the words of a neo martial great saint ... Li Hao was too arrogant!
 At this moment, Li Hao roared!
 BOOM!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The power of wind and lightning in his body suddenly erupted, and the starry sky sword instantly rose into the air. The power of wind and lightning was instantly absorbed by the word 'destroy', and the divine text of the word 'destroy' instantly merged into the starry sky sword!
 "What?"
 Hei Teng was a little dazed. At this moment, Li Hao roared, feeling that it was still not enough!
  The next moment, under hei Teng's somewhat surprised gaze, Li Hao suddenly roared and reached out to grab him. The Golden flames faded, revealing his chest. Li Hao tore open his chest.  Blood spurted out. Li Hao was expressionless as he lowered his head to look at his internal organs!
 At this moment, Chen Zhongtian suddenly felt a little scared.
 Why?
 Suicide?
 Li Hao didn't care about them. He looked at his beating heart. At this moment, his internal organs were shaking and shattering, showing signs of difficulty in maintaining his power. Even though he had suppressed the wind and thunder divine power, it still didn't seem to be enough.
 "Five elements and five elements ..."
 Li Hao mumbled. The next moment, a piece of divine text appeared. It was the word "fire".
 A ferocious Tiger was roaring above.
 Li Hao took a deep breath, grabbed the fierce tiger, and stuffed it into his heart. The heart rumbled and cracked. Under everyone's disbelieving gazes, Li Hao said calmly,""Divine text, the fusion of essence, Qi, spirit, and momentum. The five internal organs are a part of the body, and they come from the same source! The superpower lock is powerful and can hide in the five internal organs. It won't crush the five internal organs, even if it's an ordinary person!"
 He was just an ordinary person. He also had the power of shattering supers, so why didn't his internal organs shatter?
 Why didn't his limbs break?
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"be it the five internal organs or the four limbs, they must have a special space. The human body has treasures. They are stored in the body. Strength is in the body, and the body is indestructible!"
 Everyone felt like they were listening to a heavenly book.
 Only a few people suddenly opened their eyes.
 Hei Teng's eyes seemed as if they were trying to fake a divine light!
 Li Hao pressed the word 'fire' into his heart bit by bit. At this moment, he had countless thoughts and ideas in his mind. He continued,""Other than the Super Lock, there must be another space in the human body that can contain the Super Lock. This is a special treasure ground that contains essence, Qi, spirit, and blood ... I don't know the exact location. Perhaps it's closely related to the Super Lock and is hidden in the acupoints!"
 The more he spoke, the more certain he became. He continued to suppress the "fire" Holy prose."I want to press the Holy prose into a special space, like a Super Lock, so that it will no longer harm the physical body. I will only use the Holy prose when I need it!"
 "Even if I'm hurt, it's only for an instant. Usually, I'll hide my spirit and essence ..."
 The more he spoke, the more certain he became,"the human body must have a divine aperture, otherwise, the Super Lock can't be harmless to the human body ..."
  Hei Teng looked at Li Hao in great surprise!
 He also watched as Li Hao slowly pressed the divine character 'fire' into the depths of his heart.
 As for Li Hao, he silently sensed it. He even grabbed his beating heart with one hand, making his scalp tingle!
 Li Hao looked at his heart, which was slowly accepting the Holy character "fire". He suddenly frowned and a moment later, he spat out a mouthful of blood. His heart rumbled, showing signs of exploding!
 Everyone's expression changed!
 "Li Hao!"
 Hei Teng moved as well, as if he wanted to help.
 This lunatic!
 Li Hao, however, raised his hand, shook his head, and mumbled,""You're a manifestation of my Shi. You're trapped in a cage and you want to break out. You're not willing to be the Tiger in the cage ... I'm not willing either!"
 "The power of the five internal organs, the power of the five elements, you were formed at the moment when my emotions were at their peak! This world is unfair, dark, and everyone is a prisoner. I, Li Hao ... Am not willing to be a prisoner!"

 "But ... I have to retract my fist to release more power!"
 "You've devoured the superpower lock, so you must have the power of the superpower lock ... Enter my heart and help me find the special space in it ... Hide in it and come out of the cage. It'll be shocking!"
 "Roar!"
 The Tiger roared. At this moment, a scene that surprised everyone appeared. A fierce tiger appeared above their hearts like a flame!
 Unwilling, angry, and wanting to break out of the cage!
 Perhaps, this was Li Hao.
 The Tiger roared, as if it understood. In fact, Li Hao was the Tiger, and the Tiger was Li Hao!
 The aura of the fire Tiger seemed to come alive at this moment.
 Under hei Teng's shocked gaze, the Tiger roared and gradually retracted back into his heart. The Tiger swam around his heart and gradually became more and more illusory.
 Gradually, even the fire element disappeared. Finally, with a boom, as if something had been opened up, the Tiger disappeared!
  “……”
 The group of people were dumbfounded.
 Especially Chen Zhongtian, he was completely stunned. Damn it, who can tell me what's going on?
 At this moment, Li Hao's heart was like the heart of an ordinary person.
 There was no superpower lock, no flame, no mysterious energy. In everyone's eyes, it was just an ordinary heart. It might be powerful, but ... It was really just an ordinary heart.
 "You ... Have you really found the human body's treasure?" hei Teng's voice was a little hoarse.
 Li Hao raised his head, looked at hei Teng, and shook his head."No, I didn 't! It's Shi!"
 "I didn't find anything, but Shi can. It can fuse with the superpower lock, so It's Alive!" "This is my Dao, my Dao. I discovered that place ... As for me ... Perhaps I can discover it in the future! This must be very special, and even ... Related to the weak constitution of the current human race!"
 "I've been thinking, where is the superpower lock? If the person was dead, why couldn't they be dug out? The reason why the superpower lock can exist in a normal person's body ... It means that the human body has two layers of space!"
 "Someone told me that the absolute peak could tear the void apart. I thought of it. Since there is another space in the space ... Why can't the human body have two spaces?"
 "Therefore ... The Super Lock is usually in the two-layer space. Where there is a Super Lock, there will be a two-layer space ... However, force is needed to control the Super Lock and return to the two-layer space along the trajectory of the Super Lock!"
 “……”
 At this moment, hei Teng didn't know if he should be called a lunatic or a genius!
 That's right, since the superpower lock was so powerful, why didn't it usually explode his internal organs?
 Did the superpower lock really exist in the five internal organs?
 Or the other side of the five internal organs and four limbs?
 Hei Teng looked at Li Hao in a daze. He didn't understand the current human race. Countless years had passed, and perhaps the human race's physique had already changed.
 Therefore, the structure of both parties was different.  However, everyone knew that the human body was a huge treasure.
 At this moment, hei Teng thought of his inner world. He slowly said,""That makes sense. I don't know if there is a double space in the human body, but I do know that it can be artificially created!"
 Li Hao suddenly looked at him, somewhat curious and somewhat expectant.
 Under normal circumstances, hei Teng wouldn't say such things, nor would he pass on such things to the people of this era.
 "It's unknown whether the human body has a second layer of space," he said seriously."Besides, humans are different from humans, from different eras to different worlds ... We can't lump them together!"
 "However, in the new martial era, someone eventually turned the great Dao of origin into the universe of origin, which was finally called the inner world! The inner universe!"
 "You can even create a world inside your body, a world that can split heaven and earth! "Perhaps ... His body is a world, a macro world, a heaven and earth, a universe, an era, a civilization ..."
 Li Hao felt dizzy as he listened. He muttered,""How is that possible?"
 "Why not?"
 Hei Teng said in a deep voice,"you think neo martial is powerful, is that a joke?" Of course, he's an omnipotent expert. Since ancient times, perhaps ... He's the only one who has reached that level!"
 "Who is it?"
 Li Hao asked subconsciously. The next moment, he seemed to have understood something.
 As expected, hei Teng laughed. His tone was very complicated. There was some pride, some admiration, and some disappointment."Who is it? Since ancient times, there had been no one who was truly undefeatable and invincible ... There were some! The human King!"
 There was really someone who was undefeatable!
 He was invincible, unrivaled in the world, so powerful that ... He could only look up to him forever.
 At this moment, everyone felt the same emotion.
 Since ancient times, he had never been defeated!
  The human King!
 At this moment, the puppets had also heard it. In an instant, a special emotion seemed to rise in the entire Yuanping martial arts university, an emotion that was not quite the same as that in heaven battling city.
 "The human King is invincible!"
 "The vanguard of the king, fight, fight, fight!"
 “……”
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com BOOM!
 The entire University seemed to have come alive. The puppets seemed to have heard and felt something at this moment. They didn't speak, but waves of mental energy swept across the world!
 It was as if he wanted to tear the sky apart and draw his sword to fight.
 To fight for the human King!
 Waves of mental energy surged, and the little tree was already trembling uneasily. The little tree knew that ... This ... This must be the school that was founded by that person. It had only been guessing before, but when it saw the emperor's portrait imprinted on hei Teng's body, it knew that it was probably the school.

 At this moment, when hei Teng mentioned the human King, the puppets suddenly couldn't suppress their rebellion. The little tree knew that ... This place was truly extraordinary.
 This was the direct line of descent of the human Emperor!
 It definitely was!
 The strong also had close relatives and close ones. The students here must have been loyal to the human King in the past. They must have been the descendants of the human King's direct line or his loyal guards.
 Li Hao and the others felt like the world was about to be torn apart, and so were they.
 The divine runes flickered as if they were about to explode.
 "Silence!" Hei Teng shouted.
 In an instant, the world fell silent.
 The puppet, which had just lost control of its mind, instantly quieted down at this moment. Hei Teng coldly shouted,"Learn to control your emotions!"
 The puppet was silent!
  As for Li Hao and the others, their faces had long since turned pale. They were somewhat shocked and in disbelief. Every puppet here felt extremely powerful.
 What was going on?
 Chen Zhongtian felt like he was going to pee in his pants. At this moment, he was trembling and his lips were pale. This ... I have never seen such a terrifying relic in my life.
 In such a small place, there were hundreds of puppets. The feeling that each one of them gave him ... Was perhaps ... No weaker than the monster plants.
 How was this possible?
 Oh my God!
 There were hundreds of them here!
 What Li Hao was thinking was that the ancient kings were truly unbelievable. After countless years, these people had long died, leaving only their spiritual remnants. Yet, they still worshipped them so madly.
 Just the mention of the ancient king had caused these people to riot.
 Yes, people.
 At this moment, Li Hao realized that these puppets were actually human beings, except that they only had mental power. They were slightly better than the heaven battling Army, who were simply covered in armor.
 This place seemed to be richer. They used puppets. Every puppet was a Supreme treasure, so these puppets maintained more mind power, which was why they were stronger.
 Was this the same group of students from back then?
 Li Hao was shocked!
 They were probably all paragons. Hundreds of students, and all of them were paragons?
 There was even undying!
 This ... Was also considered a student?
 If a Paragon went to the heaven battling Army, they would probably be a division commander. If an undying was a commander, then a great saint ... Would be a commander?
 This time, he looked at hei Teng in shock. He didn't think much about it before, but now that he looked at him again, could this person ... Be on the same level as the heaven battling Union's commander?
 "How can a martial arts university be considered a martial arts university if it's this strong?
 He was shocked. In fact, hei Teng's words were also very shocking. Seeing the fluctuations in Li Hao's heart, he suddenly laughed. "You're very interesting ... You ... Keep it up!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he instantly disappeared.
 The puppets also disappeared.
 Li Hao was startled. What did he mean?  Hei Teng had always been cold and indifferent, but now he seemed ... A little more enthusiastic?
 Was it because he had revealed his speculation about the double space?
 It wasn't a guess, it really did exist, but he couldn't discover it and could only rely on force to draw it in.
 Inner world?
 The Dao of the human King?
 Li Hao's heart was also fluctuating. At this moment, Chen Zhongtian and the others were also fluctuating. They knew and felt that hei Teng was too strong.
 This expert didn't interfere or speak, just watching quietly.
 It was not until Li Hao absorbed the divine runes into his body that the other person suddenly spoke, even speaking of the Dao of heaven and earth within the human King ...
 What did that mean?
 Comparing Li Hao to the ancient king?
 At this moment, everyone was in disbelief. No matter how arrogant they were, at their level, they knew that they were nothing compared to the ancient civilization. The experts of the ancient civilization could kill a large number of people here with a single breath.
 Not to mention, he was the invincible King of the ancient civilization!
 Did the other party think highly of Li Hao?
 ……
 At this moment, under the teaching building.
 In front of the library.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The puppets were like children who had done something wrong, all of them lowering their heads and not daring to look at hei Teng.
 Hei Teng turned to look at the puppets and said in a cold voice,""Don't act rashly. They're already dead, they're just Living Dead! Do you want to be completely annihilated?"
 "Teacher!"
 A puppet stood out and said excitedly,"we ... Want to return to the origin world. We want to join the devil guards of the human Emperor!" Follow the human King, conquer the world, and shine the glory of the human race into the firmament!"
 Back then, they had come here to learn just for this, in order to join the human King's personal guards.
 Ninety-nine percent of the students who graduated from here would be able to join because this place was not ordinary. This was an Academy established by the closest person to the human King. After countless experts, who wouldn't want to come here?
 They were finally selected to become a member of Yuanping martial arts university after going through thousands of selections. Who would have thought that they would not even have the chance to graduate in the end? they all fell silent here.
  When hei Teng mentioned the human King ... They were unwilling, excited, and crazy.
 We ... I'm afraid we won't be able to go back in this life.
 However, the passion in his heart was still there. It was impossible for the human King to fail. He was a true invincible expert, so ... Perhaps the human King was just lost!
 Yes, that must be the case.
 It must be that the human Emperor's battle had gone too far, so far that he had forgotten the way home and this place.
 The others would not get lost, but the human King would. This must be the case.
 Someone mumbled,"the human King must be lost. He must be. When he killed the celestial Thearch, he was also lost ... He couldn't find his way home and made everyone wait for so many years ... This time ... It must be the same!"
 “……”
 The black Phoenix was silent.
 After a long time, he suddenly smiled and said,"yes, he must be lost!" That senior of mine is always like this. We ... We'll wait for him to come back. We'll wait for him to step into the land of the Silver Moon and take us away ..."

 "Leave! Return!"
 "Return!"
 The roar shook the world!
 We want to return!
 Hei Teng looked on silently and laughed soundlessly. However ... In the depths of his heart, he was filled with helplessness and self-blame. I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. I lied to you again.
 It had been too long!
 He wouldn't be lost for that long.
 "You bunch of little fools, this place is very close to the origin world. You could even rush over in an instant, even drawing the forbidden seawater over and even projecting it into the origin world ... If you could really come, you would have already come.
 Something might have happened in the origin world!
 He turned around and looked outside.
  He seemed to have seen Li Hao and smiled silently. An interesting guy. Perhaps he would become the pride of this era.
 Perhaps, he could open the Stargate?
 But ... What could he do?
 The moment it was opened, it might be the moment of destruction.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The Stargate might have become the last barrier.
 Just as he was thinking, a puppet suddenly shouted,""Teacher! Neo martial artists would not be in despair! Teacher ... You're old and you've been daydreaming recently. You're not fit to be a teacher. We're still hot-blooded, let's be teachers!"
 “……”
 Hei Teng was speechless.
 Perhaps.
 He had indeed become more sentimental recently.
 As for students wanting to be teachers, it was also normal. In the past, the human King was like this. These fellows all took the human King as their role model and wanted to suppress the teachers. They were teachers, and the teachers were students ... What a bunch of disobedient children!
 Reaching out his hand, he pressed the puppet that had just roared to the ground and patted its head heavily until it was emitting a golden light. He then slowly said,""When you can defeat me, you'll be my teacher. Otherwise ... Go sweep the floor obediently. Those guys have broken some things again. Go fix them. Also, tell Li Hao that this time, he'll be fined 4.5 million cultivation-aiding energy stones. Adding the ones from before, it'll be exactly 10 million!"
 "Alright then!"
 One after another, the puppets helplessly disappeared, once again being suppressed.
 ……
 Li Hao also smiled.
 The ferocious Tiger's momentum disappeared along with the divine character "fire", and the pressure was reduced. At this moment, the wind and thunder were also locked into the starry sky sword. Li Hao's divine character "wood" gradually began to take shape.
 The others were also watching intently!
 Especially Chen Zhongtian, his mouth was wide open. Today, he felt like he was living in a dream.
 He saw with his own eyes that Li Hao had completely destroyed his fire-type power!
 He saw with his own eyes how Li Hao created words to contain the Super Lock.
 He also saw with his own eyes that Li Hao's Wood force was integrated into a character. Then, the Super Lock was devoured, and a burst of wood-type divine power appeared!
 Chen Zhongtian could only look on in a daze. He was already dumbfounded.  The people here seemed to be the same.
 What was this?
 A new path?
 At this moment, Li Hao consumed another drop of the spring of life to repair his body and his internal organs. He only hid his Tiger aura, because it was the easiest for him to control.
 He might not be able to understand the rest, and his power was a little weak.
 But this was enough.
 Just like before, he once again used the six-elemental god art. He couldn't use his Tiger aura, and the burden on his body wasn't huge.
 However, Li Hao knew that the moment Tiger Force appeared, he would have seven elements!
 However, the wind lightning was too weak.
 Li Hao sighed. In his opinion, he didn't have seven types of god art. The key was that his wind and thunder God art didn't have an individual force, and its power was average. Ordinary people might think that they had seven types.
 But to Li Hao, he ... Was still a pitiful person with five types of god art.
 The fountain of life was being consumed like rain.
 The little tree's trump card, the spring of life, had been consumed by a large amount.
 Li Hao had given it more than 10 million divine power stones, and it had provided Li Hao with about 1000 drops. But in fact, the little tree had only used more than 3 million divine power stones. It had used four to five million divine power stones to recover its strength.
 The remaining 2 million or so were converted into the spring of life Storage, which was about 500 drops.
 This was also the instinct of monster plants.
 It was just like how squirrels stored food for the winter.
 Even if it had not fully recovered, the monster plant would still store the spring of life. However, at this moment, the little tree's bottom had been hollowed out. The group of people were absorbing it crazily. Once there was no spring of life, it would crack.
 Little tree was also very distressed!
 However, when he thought about how much Origin Energy he ate this time, his heart didn't ache that much. Other than him, only director Zhou could absorb a bit of Origin Energy.
 If I don't pay, how can I get any benefits?
 When these people fight and kill later, they will all be working for me!
  That's right, this was little tree's thought.
 They're all poor people who are working for themselves. I have to take care of their bodies.
 The spring of life in his storage was consumed drop by drop. In the blink of an eye, it was almost all gone.
 Little tree wanted to cry but had no tears. He consoled himself,"it's nothing. I'll save it again."
 At this moment, there was only one person who felt as if he was sitting on pins and needles.
 Seeing that Li Hao seemed to have finished his training, Chen Zhongtian couldn't help but carefully step forward."Governor li ... You guys ... What ... What's the situation?"
 He had thought that he might be the strongest.
 But now he realized that it really wasn 't.
 Putting the tree aside, director Zhou was also extremely powerful. He was a pure ancient martial artist, and Li Hao was also terrifyingly powerful.
 As for the others, the strongest among them was probably only at the peak of five elements.

 But ... There were so many of them.
 Yao si and Hong Yitang seemed to have reached this level, and people like hou Xiaochen seemed to be close as well. There were only a few weaklings who had lowered their level, such as Chief Steward Yu who was close to three elements, and the light sword who wasn't too strong for three elements ...
 Oh, in fact, Kong Jie had barely reached the level of three elements, but her fist was quite hard.
 However, if word got out, it would probably scare people to death.
 Furthermore, this bunch of lunatics were continuing to cultivate. Who knew what would happen? would they all explode and grow again?
 How terrifying!
 Li Hao smiled."There's no situation. I'm just training. Secretary Chen, don't leak this information!"
 Chen Zhongtian was embarrassed."That ... Of course I won't leak it. It's just that ... That ... Those words are somewhat similar to the secret arts of star suppression city. Actually, I know them too. Governor li, these words ... Is there anything special about them?"
 "You guess? Why don't you try it?"
 Chen Zhongtian was speechless."If I dared."
  Sometimes, cultivation might seem simple, but once he made a mistake, he might die. This was no joke. He had been observing and had seen something, but if he were to give it a try, he wouldn't dare to do so without someone to guide him.
 He would really die!
 Once all the Super locks on his body were broken, he would not be able to complete the nano-lock, so wouldn't he just explode?
 "Then ... Governor li, what is a double human space?"
 Li Hao chuckled."How would I know? I didn't even notice."
 Chen Zhongtian was completely speechless. Forget it.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Forget it if you don't say!
 And Li Hao indeed didn't know. What could he say?
 He knew that this thing existed, but he couldn't find it.
 Perhaps, when his [power] grew stronger, he would realize that he could not do it now. Hence, only Tiger Power could barely understand what he meant. He controlled the Super Lock and followed the trajectory, disappearing into the depths of his heart.
 He was lacking in other aspects.
 Li Hao turned his head and looked over. Everyone was cultivating. Little tree and director Zhou were also devouring the origin Energy. Li Hao could tell that someone was also devouring Origin Energy. He turned his head and frowned.
 He looked at Black Panther. This guy had not been fighting recently. He was just a bystander, but he had eaten a lot.
 This guy was actually still eating the power of the origin this time!
 This thing is very precious, what's the use of you eating it?
 "Black Panther!"
 The Black Panther immediately opened its eyes and looked at Li Hao. Seeing Li Hao staring at it, the Black Panther was a little embarrassed.
 I can also eat it!
 I'm a descendant of an ancient demon, and I'm good at eating. It'll be good for me too.
 As for why he didn't make a move ... Was there a need?
 It was just fighting an avatar, and it was obvious that it could win, so it was too lazy to meddle.
 Seeing that Li Hao was still staring at him, the Black Panther's face became gloomy. After thinking for a moment, it suddenly opened its mouth wide and swallowed the southern Fist in the vicinity. It winked at Li Hao. I'm useful!
 As for what it was used for?
  Eating people!  No one would see or sense him even if he ate someone. If he wanted to kill the tree and brought a large group of people in, they wouldn't be stupid.
 Just bring me in!
 I can eat people, my big belly can hold Four Seas!
 BOOM!
 Its belly was constantly trembling as someone attacked it madly. The sound of the southern Fist could be heard faintly as it roared madly,""Black Panther, you dog, let me out!"
 It was like seeing a ghost!
 He had been cultivating well and was enjoying the spring of life when he was suddenly swallowed by someone. Then ... His vision turned black. He knew that he had been swallowed by the Black Panther.
 But Li Hao's eyes flickered.
 The southern Fist had three types of god art, but it couldn't escape on its own?
 The Black Panther shook its chubby stomach, looking a little uncomfortable. The next moment, it retched and spat out the southern Fist.
 Nan Quan rolled on the ground and saw that everyone was looking at him in a daze. He was extremely furious and glared at Black Panther,""You want to find trouble?"
 He had been cultivating well, but this dog had swallowed him. It was too much.
 There are so many people here, why are you swallowing me?
 I'm easy to bully?
 I'm not stronger than Yu Luosha?
 Why don't you devour her?
 Black Panther seemed to understand what he meant, but he was too lazy to explain. Yu Luosha ... She had hou Xiaochen's support, and even if hou Xiaochen didn't have five elements, he was already close to that level. How dangerous was that?
 You're hated by tens of thousands of people, so there's no harm in swallowing you.
 "Alright, I'm done!"
 Li Hao coughed. He had used up a lot of energy, and his face was pale. He looked at Black Panther. "Don't randomly eat people. Senior Southern Fist didn't provoke you. I understand what you mean ..."
 He thought for a moment and smiled.
 Not bad, the Black Panther was still useful.
  Putting aside his strength, this guy could eat energy and hide people.
 He had been thinking about how he could bring a large number of people in without the giant tree suspecting him. After all, there were dozens of people at once. Even if the Holy prose hid its strength, the giant tree would not let them all in rashly.
 Now, Black Panther had reminded him.
 One had to know that when he was in the eastern Duke dingguo's mansion, he had stayed in the Black Panther's stomach. The space in the other party's stomach was very large, and it had the feeling of what hei Teng had just called an inner world.
 A big belly could accommodate dozens of people, so it should not be a big problem.
 A living person could not stay in a storage ring. This was the unique ability of a monster plant.
 "Then you should continue to eat a little more, and eat less. Senior tree is the key to dealing with the enemy ... Please satisfy senior tree first!"
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 The Black Panther nodded hurriedly and ran to the side to continue eating happily.
 As for Li Hao, just as he finished making the arrangements, a puppet appeared."Teacher said that you're fined 4.5 million cultivation stones for the losses caused by your destruction. That's a total of 10 million cultivation stones. Don't forget to pay the fine!"

 This time, the puppets stopped pretending and spoke.
 "I know!" Li Hao nodded.
 The puppet seemed to be a little curious, and after looking at him for a moment, it said,""You're very powerful ..."
 "You're overpraising me. Compared to you guys, I'm not worth mentioning. "
 "No, it's not the same ..."
 "No." The puppet shook its head."We have the strongest cultivation technique, the strongest teacher, the strongest environment, the best conditions, the most outstanding order, and the strongest King ... Even though we are indeed very outstanding, in such an environment ... It's very difficult for us to do what you are doing. You are very formidable!"
 Li Hao smiled.
 "You're so powerful, you can definitely open the Stargate, right?"the puppet said.
 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless.
  The puppet continued,"you've opened it. Can you tell us?" We ... Also want to go out and go back. Even if we die, we want to be buried in our hometown ... Sorry to trouble you!"
 "This ..."
 The puppet said sincerely,"we are already dead. Although we really want to follow the human king again and conquer the world, we know that we may not have this chance anymore. However, we really want to go home. We will not let you work for free." We are the so-called second and third generation disciples. Our fathers and ancestors are the close friends of His Majesty, the human King. Among our ancestors, there are true venerable sovereigns ... If you are willing, we can teach you some venerable sovereigns 'ultimate techniques!"
 Li Hao was stunned. A true descendant of a venerable sovereign?
 Li Hao didn't know how many generations it had been since they came to this world. Every generation was fifty years old. Li Hao estimated that it had been at least fifty thousand years.
 However, these people were actually second and third generation ... They were the true descendants of venerable sovereigns!
 No wonder this group of people was so terrifying. Even if they were dead, they still seemed very powerful.
 "I ... I'll try my best!"
 Li Hao didn't give a definite answer. I've never seen a Stargate before.
 No...
 Could it be that the gate in the center of the blizzard Silver City that seemed to exist in the starry sky was the so-called Stargate?
 Li Hao thought to himself and slightly frowned.
 That's not good!
 That thing was very dangerous. He seemed to have vaguely seen it before. There might be something sealed on the other side of the door.
 "Well ... I'll try my best, thank you!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The puppet didn't say anything more and quickly left.
 Hei Teng didn't want to say it, but they did. Hei Teng wanted face, but they didn 't. They wanted to go back. Even if they died, they wanted to be buried in their hometown.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else and cultivated for a while.
 After about two to three hours, everyone gradually woke up.
 All of them seemed to have improved in strength.  However, everyone knew that this was only the beginning.
 This was just a clone of a tree.
 The true body was the tough enemy.
 Li Hao exhaled and looked at everyone.""Everyone attacked just now, and the clone is already so powerful. The original body ... Will definitely be even more difficult to deal with. There might be people who will die, and I'm not completely confident ..."
 Before he could finish, Nanquan snorted,""Alright, what haven't we Silver Moon martial masters seen before? You can ask the old hooligan if he's afraid of death. If he's not, then it's over. You don't have to ask the others!"
 “……”
 Chen Zhongtian glanced at him, too lazy to care, and said,""Governor li, it's inevitable that the monster plant's true body is powerful. There's still a problem that needs to be solved urgently. As for killing the monster plant ... I have no objections."
 "What's the problem?"
 Chen Zhongtian coughed,"that ... The monster plant is too strong, we could die at any time. But with the spring of life, we can barely save our lives. I think, each person should at least be equipped with 100 drops as a life-saving medicine. We lack healers, so we can only use this as a replacement. However, the demand is huge. If everyone here is equipped with it, it will be at least 2000."
 "What I mean is ... We should equip the frontline personnel, such as director Zhou Chuan, tie Buyi from the previous generation, Earthcover sword, and ..."
 That's all, for example, me!
 We will defend!
 Without the spring of life to protect their lives, it was very easy for front-line personnel to die.
 Li Hao patted his head and didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He looked at everyone and said,""Everyone ... Should have thought of it. Why don't you say it? I was confused for a moment and didn't think about this. I was only thinking about killing the enemy!"
 Why didn't anyone remind him of such an important matter?
 No one said anything. It was not that they did not expect it, but they knew that the spring of life had been used up.
 So what if he reminded her?
 Li Hao laughed."Don't think too much about saving money for me. It's about life."
 He looked at the small tree."I created it on the spot. I didn't care about the cost. How long will it take to produce 1000 drops?"
  "Regardless of the price?"
 The sapling's psyche fluctuated."That's at least three times the consumption. It's fast to condense the spring of life at all costs, but ... Isn't it too wasteful ..."
 "It doesn't matter!"
 Li Hao smiled."Then let's spend some more time. The sun shouldn't be up yet. What's there to be afraid of? I have plenty of divine power stones. I still have 50 million left!"
 As for changing the time, there was no need to.
 After leaving, the giant tree could sense that its clone was gone.
 Of course, he had to seize the time and not give the other party a chance to recover.
 "Okay ... I'll condense it now!"
 The little tree was much stronger than before, and its conversion speed was also fast. Moreover, Li Hao had said that he would do it at any cost, so it didn't need to be calculative.
 If he killed The Real Coconut tree, it would have recovered for many years and benefited greatly from the criminal Division. If he killed it, he would have everything.

 In less than two hours, the small tree had converted a large amount of spring of life.
 He had also used up tens of millions of divine power stones.
 p Li Hao began to distribute the items. Chen Zhongtian was extremely excited. He had finally gotten his first reward.  After a while, Li Hao looked at the crowd.""Then now ... I'll have to trouble everyone to enter the Black Panther's stomach first!"
 Heibao's mouth was wide open. Now I'm useful, right?
 Everyone was speechless, but they knew that this was necessary. Soon, they were swallowed by the Black Panther one by one, and little tree returned to the storage ring. In an instant, only the Black Panther and Li Hao were left.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, laughed and suddenly hit his own head!
 In an instant, blood flowed out of his eyes, nose, and mouth, and his breathing weakened ...
 Black Panther was secretly speechless. He was so cruel to himself, so cruel!
 On his chest, the wound from before had yet to heal. Li Hao laughed and looked at Black Panther. "I'm already injured to this extent ... Is it appropriate for you to be fine?"
  Woof! Woof! Woof!
 The Black Panther cried out!
 The next moment, Li Hao grabbed his tail and slapped him.""There's only reward if you put in effort. Otherwise, you won't even be able to get a single drop of saliva if the coconut tree is killed!"
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 With tears in its eyes, the Black Panther could only accept its fate. In the blink of an eye, Li Hao's attack had caused its skin to split open, and blood to flow out. It seriously suspected that Li Hao was taking revenge on it, thinking that it had eaten too much!
 ……
 A moment later, Li Hao's figure appeared in the darkness and then disappeared.
 In the blink of an eye, he returned to the Heavenly Star military governor's office and spat out a mouthful of blood.
 In the backyard, a violent spiritual power fluctuation was felt.
 In the ruins, a coconut tree was a little crazy and angry. It suddenly felt something. My clone ... Is gone!
 Damn it!
 Bastard!
 Damn it, didn't he say that he was very confident?
 Where's my clone?
 Not long after, it sensed Li Hao's aura. At this moment, Li Hao was covered in blood, and his eyes were filled with sorrow and pain. Behind him, a dog had turned into a bloody dog and was walking with difficulty.
 In the hall in the backyard, the moment Li Hao approached, he coughed up blood before the giant tree could fly into a rage.""I'm sorry ... I ... I didn't expect it to be like this. You should have sensed it ..."He said.
 "My men ... They're all dead!" He smiled sadly.
 The tree shook!
 All ... Gone?
 "Fortunately, at the last moment, I used the Windchaser's boots to escape ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He didn't say anything. He took out the starry sky sword and the wind chasing boots and held them in his hands. "I'm too heavily injured ... I need the spring of life ... There's hope as long as I'm alive ... I'll go into the ruins ... And repair it. I'll give you these two divine weapons, and I'll borrow 100 drops of the spring of life ... It's definitely ... Worth it!"
 The giant tree was stunned. He had wanted to fly into a rage, but when he saw the starry sky sword and the wind chasing boots, his anger dissipated a little.  Only ... Enter?
 "If you give me this, I'll give you the spring of life ..."
 "Cough cough!"
 Li Hao shook his head."I want to enter the remains ... Otherwise, when the spring of life erupts and the aura is too strong, everyone in the city will know that I'm seriously injured ... I'll die without a doubt!" Even the imperial family of the Jiusi Empire would not let go of this opportunity to kill me ... Cough cough ..."
 As his blood continued to flow, Li Hao gasped for breath. "I'll enter the ruins. You protect me for a while. In a day at most, I'll be able to recover. As long as I'm alive, the star military governor's office will still be there!"
 "You ..."
 The big tree actually wanted to ask what had happened and who had killed his clone, but Li Hao's injuries seemed to be getting worse, and his breathing was getting weaker. After thinking for a while, he said telepathically,""Then come in!"
 He didn't have much wariness, he was confident.
 The remains were the monster plant's real territory. Li Hao dared to come in because he should be worried about himself, not it. It knew that Li Hao was really anxious and could do anything in a hurry.
 As long as he had any evil intentions, he would definitely die.
 Speaking of which ... Why ... Can't I have some evil intentions?
 The big tree's heart moved slightly.
 Li Hao had a lot of divine weapons on him, and it was not necessarily true that he didn't have any divine power stones. If he killed Li Hao, all the things would belong to him, and the HU family would continue to go out and take charge of the criminal Division ... He would use some of his Origin Energy to exchange for three divine weapons from the eight great families, and perhaps there would be other treasures.
 This ... Wasn't this a huge profit?
 Worried that Li Hao would figure it out, it quickly thought,""Come in quickly, be careful not to let others detect your situation ..."
 In an instant, a door of light appeared.
 Li Hao didn't seem to know anything. He coughed and spat out a mouthful of blood. Then, he pulled the Black Panther and quickly entered.
 The door of light also disappeared instantly.
 In the ruins, the big tree swayed and was somewhat excited!
 This Li Hao was really stupid.
 He trusted it so much that it was considering whether it should save Li Hao instead of killing him for the treasure.
  However, when he thought about how unruly this person was and how he was not as useful as the HU clan, and how he did not lack a talented subordinate who only needed to be obedient, wouldn't the HU clan be more suitable?
 At this moment, the giant tree could only say,"sorry."
 Who asked you to have so many treasures on you!
 If I kill you, the people in the land of Silver Moon won't be able to resurrect. At the thought of this, it decided to kill Li Hao. As for who killed its clone, it would naturally get back at them after its second resurrection.
 At this moment, Li Hao staggered and landed on the ground with the Black Panther.
 The first thing he saw was a towering tree with coconuts growing on it. This seemed to be a small town. In the distance, there seemed to be a figure rushing over.
 The HU family?
 He didn't have time to think carefully. He looked at the big tree, and his eyes revealed a sharp light!
 A true undying being!
 [PS: I'm looking for a guaranteed monthly ticket. If I can't finish it tonight, I'll continue tomorrow.]

 (I couldn't sleep last night, so I woke up late.)
 The tree in the ruins was huge.
 It was golden in color.
 The huge leaves were golden in color, and there were many coconut-like fruits on the tree, but they were slightly shriveled.
 At this time, the crowd from afar quickly arrived.
 There were both men and women. They didn't look old, but they were not weak. Li Hao glanced over and saw several people with magical powers. He was slightly surprised.
 The other party actually had several divine-tier elites!
 When Li Hao saw them, they naturally saw Li Hao as well. At this moment, the young man in the lead clearly saw Li Hao's appearance, and his expression suddenly changed. The next moment, he looked at Li Hao with resentment. "It's you, Li Hao!"
 Li Hao looked at the young man, but he didn't recognize him.
 However, the other party was similar to Hu mingfa and might be his son.
  He was too lazy to care and ignored it. Instead, he looked at the big tree and coughed."Senior, please lend me 100 drops of the spring of life first ... As for these Hu clan members, please let me deal with them after I've recovered!"
 Then, Li Hao coughed again, and blood flowed out of his mouth.
 Not far away, the members of the HU family, who were originally very afraid, suddenly changed their expressions. Li Hao ... Was injured?
 Meanwhile, the coconut tree was also deep in thought.
 Should he capture Li Hao?
 p When Li Hao was outside, he might be able to bring her many benefits, but he was uncontrollable and not as obedient as the HU family.  However, after hearing Li Hao's words, it felt that Li Hao couldn't be kept alive.
 This person had no respect at all.
 Under such circumstances, he was asking for help, and even seemed to be giving orders. He was an expert from the ancient civilization, and Li Hao was too bold. Keeping a guy who showed no respect to him would only bring trouble to himself.
 At that moment, coconut tree made a decision.
 At this moment, Li Hao's eyes glowed with a faint red light. He wanted to see through the tree and find its heart of life, but the tree seemed to have sensed something.
 An old face appeared on the huge tree.
 "Alright, but ... You need to give me the wind chasing boots and the starry sky sword first."
 In Li Hao's hands, these powerful divine weapons might be able to display great power.
 Although it wasn't afraid of Li Hao and could avoid some trouble, that would be for the best. In its opinion, Li Hao, who didn't have a divine weapon, could kill as he pleased. He could even take care of six or seven elements, let alone five elements.
 "My Lord!"
 At this time, the HU family seemed to have understood something. They were somewhat unwilling and angry.
 Li Hao was seriously injured!
 But now, this monster plant wanted to help Li Hao recover from his injuries.  But soon, as the face of the coconut tree appeared and looked at them, the members of the HU family fell silent. There was only fear and pain. This monster plant was not willing to kill Li Hao for the HU family.
 Unfortunately, they could only watch and could not resist.
 The coconut tree was very satisfied. This was the slave it wanted. As long as he was obedient, it would be fine. Even if his grandfather and father were killed, and his enemy was right in front of him, he would not dare to move an inch without his own orders.
 This was the ideal servant.
 Li Hao was still too Savage and arrogant. Otherwise, with his noble bloodline and important status, he would not have killed Li Hao.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, slightly frowned. After a while, he nodded."Alright!"
 With that, he sighed and walked towards the tree with the starry sky sword in hand.
 The coconut tree was a little unhappy."Just throw it over!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com What was this guy doing approaching him?
 It didn't want to have any contact with this guy.
 Li Hao said calmly,"this is a divine weapon passed down from my ancestors. It represents that the Li family reveres our ancestors. Senior, you must be joking. How can I throw it away?"
 "Li Hao has let down his ancestors. He had no choice but to pawn the starry sky sword ... As the sword of the sword Saint, I hope that senior ... Can also give the starry sky sword and the Li family some necessary respect!"
 Li Hao looked a little unhappy. Holding the sword with both hands, he looked at the tree with a bit of reluctance."Senior, please ... Take this sword and take good care of it. I'll give you the divine energy stones soon!"
 The coconut tree was even more displeased.
 But ... Forget it, it didn't want to cause any more trouble, so it just had to hand it over.
 What respect? what dignity? it was all a joke.
 As for venerable the sword, he might have been dead for countless years.
 Therefore, the coconut tree was not afraid at all. However, it did not refute Li Hao's words. In an instant, two large leaves on the huge tree reached out to Li Hao like arms.
  Li Hao continued to cough. He also raised his hands and presented the starry sky sword.
 Just as the leaf on his opponent's arm was about to reach out, a sword radiance appeared on the starry sky sword.
 It was as if heaven and earth had been cut apart.
 Although the extremely sharp starry sky sword met with an extremely strong resistance this time, it still made a creaking sound as if metal was being cut.
 Two of his arms were broken.
 The leaves that looked like arms fell down and turned into two golden leaves.
 At this moment, coconut tree was actually a little confused.
 At this moment, it was thinking, where did Li Hao's courage come from?
 Also, the starry sky sword was so sharp that it allowed Li Hao to cut off two of his leaves with one stroke despite being several levels away. Could leaves at the immortal level be so easily cut?
 When the nearby Hu family members saw this scene, they were first shocked, then ecstatic.

 This was crazy!
 Such a thought flashed through their minds. Li Hao had gone crazy.
 The coconut tree had been saying that he would avenge the HU family, but the HU family had given up hope after seeing the deal between the two. Now, Li Hao had attacked the coconut tree. Wasn't he courting death?
 In the eyes of all the current transcendents, the existences of the ancient civilization were unrivaled and could not be provoked.
 Especially the monster plants!
 The demonic plant was immortal and had lived to this day. This was not those armored warriors who only had residual spiritual power and residual thoughts. This was a truly invincible master.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, Li Hao ... Actually attacked the monster plant!
 A drop of golden blood dripped from the broken leaf of the tree.
 The giant tree was stunned for a moment.
 It was too long!
  ,m It had been so long that it had almost forgotten about fighting. It had been so long that it couldn't believe that someone below the Paragon level would dare to attack it. Even in the new martial era, those below the Paragon level would definitely not dare to attack an existence at the immortal level.  The next second, it came back to its senses, and its illusory face instantly showed anger.""Li Hao!"
 This was a lunatic.
 He was looking for death.
 In an instant, countless branches and leaves appeared and transformed into a huge hand. It wanted to slap this ant to death.
 Does he think that he can kill me just because his clone is destroyed and his strength is weakened?
 That was just a clone!
 And not the main body!
 In an instant, heaven and earth seemed to have been surrounded. The members of the HU clan on the outside were all extremely excited. Yao Zhi had made his move. Li Hao was dead for sure.
 At this moment, the sky turned dark again.
 It seemed to be even darker than before!
 A huge mouth opened like a black hole and swallowed the world.
 "Roar!"
 The Black Panther turned into a huge golden dog. It opened its mouth and swallowed the huge palm. Below it, Li Hao instantly unleashed a powerful sword intent.
 The power of the peak of six elements was unleashed!
 The divine text merged into the starry sky sword. It was as if there was only one sword in the world, and it slashed out!
 BOOM!
 The heavens fell and the earth cracked.
 The Black Panther swallowed the branches and leaves that Li Hao had cut off, but the branches and leaves seemed to have turned into living creatures. They turned into small trees and burrowed into the Black Panther's stomach!
 "A descendant of the demon subduing envoy?"
 The giant tree's face was cold.
 He had some background, but ... So what?
 The leaves that were cut off were still extremely lethal to it. It was just a dog with four or five elements, but it had some demon subduing envoy bloodline power that could devour the world.
 However, even if he devoured it, would he be able to digest it?
 Do you think you're the demon subduing envoy?
 You're dead!
 The countless small trees entered the Black Panther's stomach, and in an instant, the huge stomach of the Black Panther rumbled!
  The big tree didn't want to care about it and was about to deal with Li Hao.  Suddenly, the branches and leaves trembled.
 In an instant, the Black Panther roared and retched. In the blink of an eye, dozens of figures appeared.
 A ray of golden light shot toward the tree.
 BOOM!
 Director Zhou's punch caused the heavens to collapse and the earth to crack. With a roar, his energy surged and he was even stronger than before!
 "You're looking for death!"
 The big tree was completely furious. At this moment, it knew why Li Hao dared to attack.
 A group of divine powers?
 You want to kill me with divine powers?
 Countless branches and leaves appeared in an instant, piercing through the heaven and earth. Not only that, a bright path appeared, like an immortal path. In an instant, countless small trees flew out from the path.
 No one panicked. They knew what this was. The other party's clone had used it before, an origin attack.
 Sure enough, in an instant, a small tree appeared in everyone's mind.
 Everyone was prepared for this, and divine text burst forth.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Everyone was bleeding from their seven orifices. Director Zhou and Chen Zhongtian were even more injured. Divine weapons appeared on Chen Zhongtian's body to block the explosion, but his face was filled with shock.
 He was too strong!
 He was really too strong.
 It was much stronger than his clone. If it wasn't for the fact that he had a divine weapon from his lineage and many divine weapons, he wouldn't have been able to block this attack. Was this what an undying being was?
 If he, a peak six-element cultivator, were to meet the other party in a one-on-one battle, and the other party didn't spread out his attacks ... He would be dead in a single strike.
 Chen Zhongtian couldn't believe it!
 Was there such a huge difference?
 At this moment, a small tree suddenly appeared. Between heaven and earth, an illusionary figure appeared and headed straight for the great Dao of origins.
 "Don't you dare!"
 The giant tree was currently dealing with the group, and he was somewhat surprised that these people were only injured and not dead.
 However, at this moment, he was shocked.
 He immediately shouted in anger!
  BOOM!
 A deafening sound erupted. BOOM! Origin Energy swept through the world. At this moment, the illusion of an Imperial Palace appeared. A small tree controlled the Imperial Palace and charged straight at the opponent's origin great Dao!
 The Imperial Palace's projection instantly suppressed heaven and earth!
 The coconut tree was no longer standing on the ground. Instead, it suddenly rose from the ground and turned into a human-shaped tree. Its four limbs were clear and its face appeared. The bright path in the void disappeared instantly!
 It was an old man who looked very old. He looked at little tree with a cold expression and said,""The projection of the Imperial Palace? You are the guard of the abandoned Palace in the land of Silver Moon?"
 "I see!"
 The tree suddenly laughed."I see. I was wondering why Li Hao dared to attack me. So he was counting on you ... But you're just a Paragon. You're not even the main body. You're just a clone ... You're counting on this Imperial Palace projection to suppress my great Dao of origins?"
 'Even if it's weak, the opponent isn't its true body, and the opponent's Origin Energy isn't very strong. Can that kill me?'
 At this moment, they were surrounded by Silvermoon martial masters.
 Everyone was on high alert.

