fileno%d
rly can go back now!" He laughed.
 Then, he hammered his chest and shouted,""Staying behind is the greatest pain! We will definitely annihilate the enemy outside the human race's territory. Seniors, please retreat with your proud students and leave behind a seed of hope for the human race!"
 Li Hao was dazed for a moment, but he understood what they meant.
 The enemy had attacked, and they were incomparably powerful. Now, they were no match for him.
 Hou Xiaochen and the others were all experts of the older generation. They were weak, and Li Hao was a genius martial artist, the hope of the future. At this moment, the middle generation was persuading them to leave.
 But ... We came in here to pass the test!
 Of course, he had to kill the enemy!
 Regardless of whether it was an illusion or a real battlefield, he had to fight. Otherwise ... Wouldn't he be unable to complete the mission?
 He just didn't know how many enemies he had to kill to complete the mission.
 After thinking this through, Li Hao immediately said,""How can we do that? we must participate in this battle ..."
  At this moment, someone outside shouted,""The enemy is here, welcome them!"
 BOOM!
 In the outside world, the heavens and earth were turned upside down, and the earth was shaking.
 The middle-aged generals 'expressions changed. They didn't say anything and rushed out. The leader turned around and roared,""Go back ... There's no chance of survival in this battle. I only hope ... That in the future, we can kill our way back and rebuild hope City!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he was already far away.
 After they ran away, Li Hao and the others looked at each other. Hong Yitang quickly said,""Let's go out and take a look. Our mission is probably to repel the enemy. As long as we can repel the enemy ... We'll probably pass!"
 The few of them nodded. This was in line with their predictions.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Very quickly, the few of them quickly headed outside.
 It was not until this moment that Li Hao noticed that little tree had become human-like and was even wearing armor. It seemed that this was just an illusion, not a real battlefield.
 I was thinking!
 If the ancient civilization was destroyed, where would they find a real battlefield?
 Knowing that it was an illusion, he felt much more relaxed.
 The four of them and one tree quickly made their way out. By now, there was almost no one in the city. Everyone had gone to the front lines. In front of the city gates, the sound of battle could be heard. In the distance, beams of light could be seen as powerful experts broke through the air, their auras towering.
 The few of them quickly soared through the air and quickly climbed up the city wall.
 At this time, they could already see the dense Army coming over from the distance. Outside the city gate, there were also soldiers on their side who were in battle formation.
 "Kill!"
 Below, a general roared and led the Army to charge forward!
 The two armies instantly engaged in a fierce battle on a blood-red Land outside the city. The sounds of killing shook the world. Even though they knew it was an illusion, their expressions changed slightly at this moment.
 Tens of thousands of martial masters erupted with vitality as they fought with their opponents.
 There were even more people on the other side, almost ten times the number. They seemed to be super cultivators.
 "A battle between superpowers and martial masters?"
 Li Hao said in a low voice.
 "It seems like ... The other party is not a human?"  "It's possible!"
 "So many enemies ..."
 Li Hao looked at the sky. Streaks of light flashed and cut through the darkness. On the city wall, experts rose into the air and roared. They faced the strong enemies, avoided the Army, and fought in the distance. Thunderous rumbles shook the world!
 "Fight, fight, fight!"
 A heaven-shaking roar shook the heavens and earth.
 "Stop them!" Hong Yitang quickly said."We might lose more people ... Our mission will be affected!"
 The few of them hurriedly nodded.
 The next moment, they all broke through the air!
 Just as it broke through the air, BOOM!
 A powerful enemy appeared on the other side. In an instant, Li Hao was attacked by a powerful enemy. It was an extremely powerful cultivator. He punched with a golden light!
 Just as Li Hao was about to draw his sword ... He cursed in his heart. Where is my starry sky sword?
 'Damn it!'
 Where did my sword go?
 He actually didn't realize that his sword was gone. Could it be that he couldn't bring his sword into the illusion?
 Left with no choice, Li Hao also used his hand as a sword and attacked with his palm!
 BOOM!
 Li Hao felt an extremely powerful force explode on his palm. He instantly felt a sharp pain and his expression changed. At this moment, he seemed to hear hei Teng's voice."This is an illusion...But if you are killed by the enemy...You will really die!"
 Li Hao immediately cursed!
 What about my sword?
 Damn it, it couldn't have been pocketed by hei Teng, right?
 However, he felt intense pain. He knew that he was really going to die. He might really die.
 BOOM!
  The Barbarian-like being on the other side was unbelievably strong. He kept punching Li Hao, forcing him to retreat. His strong body was like an indestructible golden body!
 Li Hao's palm hit his opponent, but it didn't shatter him. It only left a small wound, which quickly healed.
 "Damn it!"
 Li Hao cursed!
 What kind of healing ability was this?
 It was as if the other party's injuries could be healed in an instant when he used his sword energy. On the other hand, without his sword energy, he was really bleeding profusely from his injuries!
 He wanted to see how the others were doing, but when he turned his head ... He immediately sucked in a cold breath.
 It wasn't just him. At this moment, everyone, including himself, was being suppressed by the enemy and unable to retreat.
 This ... Is he deliberately not letting us pass?
 Hei Teng's voice rang in his ears once more,""If they win ... Then there's hope for them to join Yuanping martial arts university. This is a true historical battle. That battle ... The humans won! Of course, you can withdraw. If you withdraw, it means that you have failed the assessment!"

 A real historical war?
 Li Hao's heart moved. BOOM!
 Li Hao's mind was a little distracted, so he was hit by the Savage's punch. Li Hao's bones were broken, and he was immediately sent flying while vomiting blood. Not far away, skysword was also sent flying by a palm, and he was also vomiting blood!
 Hou Xiaochen, Hong Yitang, little tree ...
 Even someone as strong as the little tree couldn't put up any resistance. It seemed like it couldn't use the Imperial Palace projection anymore. At this moment, it was being suppressed by a peerless powerhouse and was forced to retreat!
 Looking around, there were fierce battles everywhere!
 However, they were at a complete disadvantage. The middle-aged men they had seen before were also fighting in all directions, but ... They were all suppressed. Some were even fighting three or four people by themselves. They were completely relying on their willpower to persist!
 How could he win?
 Was this a joke?
 Li Hao cursed in his heart!
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was suppressed in all aspects, yet he still won?
 The enemy's numbers were several times more than his side 's, and they were so powerful that almost everyone was suppressed ... How could they turn the tables? were you kidding?
 Are you trying to kill us on purpose?
 With a "bang," hou Xiaochen was sent flying back, blood spurting out of his mouth. A bloody hole appeared in his chest, and he coughed uncontrollably in disbelief. His powerful strength had once again taken a hit.
 The other party had suppressed him in all aspects!
 He had no strength to fight back!
 They heard what Li Hao had heard.
 They all wanted to curse!
 Could he win?
 What a joke!
 Hei Teng's voice rang in his ears once more,""I forgot to mention that if more than half of our Army is lost ... All of you will fail your mission and will be stuck here forever. Believe me, you ... Can't break this place! So if you want to quit, it's better to do it as soon as possible!"
 Li Hao and the others 'expressions changed.
 Below them, the enemy's Army was ten times their own. Once they lost more than half, they would not be able to back out.
 Give up now?
 Quit immediately and admit that the mission has failed ... And then ... Be trapped in these ruins forever?
 No one could tell how strong hei Teng was, but they knew that an expert who could easily trap them in an illusion ... Was not someone they could compare to.
 At this moment, little tree was also being beaten back, but his voice echoed in their ears,""He's telling the truth. This man is too powerful. I don't know if he's Dead or Alive. When he was alive ... He was most likely a great saint!"
 "Great sage?"
 "Saint-level experts surpass the absolute peak, and those above the absolute peak were called Emperor-level in the past ... Later on, they were called immortal, which means immortality. Only after that are Saint-level experts!"
 Li Hao and the others were greatly shocked.
 F * ck!
 So strong?
 The little tree was not even at the absolute peak now, but the other party had surpassed several major realms. Didn't they say that there were very few experts left behind?
 This small martial arts university actually had a top-notch existence.
 How could he escape?
 It was no wonder that little tree had been so low-key when he met her.  At this moment, everyone was having a headache. At this moment, little tree was suppressed and beaten up by the other party because he was talking and transmitting his voice. His armor was broken, and he even let out a shrill and sharp cry.
 It was obvious that the sapling was no match for the other party.
 As for Li Hao and the others, they were all beaten black and blue.
 The Army below was fighting, and they could only watch as the powerhouses died one after another.
 è‰1!
 This was an impossible mission. The other party wanted to make them all stay.
 He could only back out now, and then ... Spend the rest of his life with hei Teng at the martial arts university.
 BOOM!
 There were rumbles all around.
 Li Hao saw a person from the corner of his eye. His whole body emitted a bloody light, which instantly condensed into a bloody blade. With a buzz, the bloody blade killed the enemy on the spot, but the person also exploded instantly!
 Blood Blade technique!
 Li Hao recognized it!
 These people had used the blood Blade technique.
 Just as he was thinking about it, he felt a sharp pain in his ear. The opponent threw a punch, and a strong wind blew past. Li Hao's face was covered in blood. Li Hao roared and struck out with his palm!
 'Damn it!'
 There was no starry sky sword, no wind chasing boots, and even his storage ring was gone.
 At this moment, he could only rely on his true strength to fight without any external help.
 Even with the eruption of divine text, it was still difficult to stop the opponent!
 What to do?
 The people below were dying very quickly. If this continued ... They would have to stay here forever.
 "Withdraw!"
 Li Hao sent a voice transmission to the others and gritted his teeth."Leave ... While the green hills are still there ... At least ... At least I can become stronger in the remains ... I'll leave one day!"
 They were no match for hei Teng.
 He could only accompany him and spend his old age in the remains.
 Just as he was thinking, he heard Hong Yitang's helpless voice.""We ... Can't get out ... Do you know ... What the consequences are?"
  Li Hao was stunned.
 I almost forgot!
 At this moment, his expression changed.
 If they couldn't get out ... The outside world would only think that they had died together or were imprisoned in the ruins, unable to go out.
 At that time, the people who stayed outside would probably ... Be annihilated.
 Without him, without hou Xiaochen, without Hong Yitang, without Tian Jian, the sky sword Manor, the Wei Wu Army in the city, and the night patrollers ... Would all fall apart.
 The nine divisions seemed to have suffered heavy losses, but other than Qian Wanhao, there were still seven old division leaders, and they might all be four-element or even five-element magical power experts!
 Director Zhou, Yao si, and the others wouldn't be able to stop them.
 Li Hao's expression changed.
 He was too focused on what was in front of him and forgot about the possible consequences. Before he came in, he was very confident, and in fact, he was indeed confident. The result proved that if nothing happened, Qian Wanhao and the others would not be able to escape!

 A great victory!
 But now ... What could he do?
 BOOM!
 There was another explosion. The expert in front of Li Hao seemed to be afraid of something and took a step back, giving Li Hao some time to catch his breath. Not only him, but the other opponents also did the same.
 They all looked in all directions with some fear, looking at the martial artists who had exploded one by one.
 Blood Blade technique!
 To die together with the enemy!
 Deterrence, intimidation, intimidation ... Killing a thousand enemies, losing eight hundred of their own!
 At this moment, Hong Yitang looked around, as if he knew how the ancient martial arts won.
 He revealed a bitter smile.
  At this moment, he somewhat understood what he had to do in this stage.
 Only by winning could one become a student, and only by becoming a student ... Could one leave the ancient domain.
 There were too many experts here.
 If the ancient martial arts were in such a situation, it was impossible for them to win, unless...They killed a large number of strong cultivators, shocked everyone, and let the other side see their determination, scared them away, and let them know that if they continued to kill ... They would only die more!
 However, the other party was stronger than them. How could they kill them instantly and intimidate them?
 He thought ... He understood.
 At this moment, he was not the only one.
 In fact, Tian Jian, hou Xiaochen, and Li Hao all seemed to have understood.
 Li Hao's expression changed, and he suddenly cursed,""Bastard, F * ck! This isn't a test, and a test wouldn't be like this ... You're forcing us to die!"
 The other party was forcing them to use the art of the bloody blade, which would allow them to unleash their power in an instant. If they had a sword, Li Hao wouldn't care, but without a sword, they would definitely die if they used the art of the bloody blade!
 The fusion of essence, energy, and spirit, an instant explosion, even including life force, was forcing them to die!  The black Phoenix was silent.
 If they backed out, there would be great trouble outside the ruins. If they didn't back out ... They wouldn't have the chance to back out when half of them died.
 If they wanted to win ... Someone had to use the art of bloody blade!
 Only by using the art of bloody blade to kill powerful enemies and intimidate everyone could one or two of them be saved, become students, and successfully leave the ruins.
 What kind of assessment was this?
 Li Hao was extremely furious!
 Was this an assessment?
 This was forcing them to die!
 Damn it, wasn't he lacking life force to recover?
 After all, it was the same in heaven battling city that day. After many people died, a group of people recovered.
 It must be so!
 There had to be a rule that prevented the other party from killing them directly. Once the rule was triggered, the other party could kill them, trap them, and absorb their vitality. There were even many treasures in their storage rings.
 A pile of divine power stones!
  It must be so, he had seen through it!  "Quit ..."
 Li Hao sent a message to them again and said angrily,""Let's go out and fight this guy!è‰1! He's setting us up on purpose!"
 Li Hao was furious.
 Hong Yitang and the others looked at each other and sighed in their hearts.
 Go all out?
 Fight with a great saint?
 Wasn't that a joke?
 Even if the other party recovered one-tenth or even one-hundredth of his strength ... Could they deal with him at the current stage?
 Just as Li Hao had thought, they also guessed that the other party was bound by rules.
 If he won, he would become a student, and there was a high chance that he would be able to leave this place.
 Hong Yitang looked at hou Xiaochen and said,"You should have understood it by now ... I don't mind, but as for the swords gate ... I'll leave it to you to take care of it, as for the rest ... I'll leave it to fate!"
 Hou Xiaochen's expression was unsightly, but he was unable to reply. The opponent had completely suppressed him.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hong Yitang laughed bitterly.
 What was this?
 Was this how martial science universities assessed their students back then?
 Or ... Was this an exception because the other party wanted them to die?
 He did not say anything else.
 In the next moment, a wave of blood Qi surged up in his heart.
 A towering sword intent appeared in the sky, and a sword rune appeared in the air.
 "Kill!"
 With a fierce shout, his blood Qi soared to the sky, and his essence, Qi, and spirit became one. It was just the blood saber art. Many people knew it. Yuan Shuo knew it, and those who had a good relationship with him actually knew it.
 But ... Who would use it in the past?
 Before the sword energy appeared, Yuan Shuo knew that he wouldn't use it either. Wasn't that just courting death?
  "Li Hao!"
 Hong Yitang's aura increased greatly and he shouted,"you must get out of here alive. Remember this!" If you don't go out ... Everything will be ruined! 'Take care of my daughter ... Everything else ... Doesn't matter! If you can win ... The nine divisions and the royal family will be nothing but clay chickens and pottery dogs, unable to withstand a single blow!"
 "Be careful ... Of the ancient civilization!"
 "Die!" With a loud shout, the sword pierced through the sky and the earth. An expert's head was instantly pierced through.
 Hong Yitang instantly charged at another expert with his blood Qi sword.
 At this moment, he was unbelievably powerful.
 Li Hao's face turned livid!
 He gritted his teeth and suddenly, his blood and Qi surged up. With a roar, he grabbed the heart of the person opposite him. He looked at the sky coldly and snorted,""I'm a swordsman, not a King! It's fine as long as the Marquis returns ... Silver Moon has been undefeated for so many years, so it's not much if I'm here or not. At most ... I'll bring my men back to Silver Moon! Senior sky sword and the sky sword Manor ... I have no ties ... Why would I care about these things? Are you looking down on me, Li Hao?"
 After piercing through the opponent's heart, Li Hao's vital energy and blood burst forth, and his essence, spirit, and soul became one. The divine text flew out with a boom and exploded. The expert opposite skysword was instantly killed by Li Hao.
 "Senior little tree ... I brought it out. If you two are interested ... After we leave, escort it back to cat head mountain, and you can continue to trade with senior little tree for the spring of life ..."

 "Only my teacher ... Told him ... To go home early and stay there. Don't run around anymore!"
 Li Hao's vitality instantly reached its peak, and he instantly charged in front of hou Xiaochen. Hou Xiaochen's face turned ugly. He had just condensed his vitality, but Li Hao was faster than him. Li Hao's vitality instantly reached its peak, and in the blink of an eye, he had completed the condensation of the bloody blade technique!
 "Stop fighting, you two. There's no need to condense the blood saber art ... It's just an idiotic act for one more person to die!"
 Li Hao's face was cold. At this moment, he was filled with hatred!
 He hated hei Teng!
 He knew that he had been tricked, but ... There was nothing he could do. He did not have the strength.
 "If there's a chance ... Help me kill Ying Hongyue!"
 Other than that, Li Hao didn't have much regret.
 The world is so dark, what can you do?
 If I want to do something, it's just based on my heart. Since I can't do it ... I won't have any regrets.
  Hou Xiaochen landed on the ground, gritted his teeth, and let out a roar. He thrust his spear out, and countless experts exploded in all directions!
 "Kill!"
 He didn't know who to blame. He only knew ... That he had failed in this place!
 He had even hesitated for a moment when he was about to form the blood saber art. A sick ghost ... Was indeed just a ghost!
 Tian Jian also fell to the ground with heavy injuries. He looked at the sky in a daze.
 Under normal circumstances ... They should have protected Li Hao. However, when Hong Yitang used the bloodblade art, he hesitated and considered whether Hong Yitang could defeat his opponent by himself.
 However, the facts proved that ... It was impossible.
 Even if Li Hao were to burst out at this moment, and the two of them became much stronger in an instant, they would still be no match for so many powerful enemies. More and more experts charged at the two of them!
 The auras of the two of them, on the other hand, began to weaken.
 The art of the bloody blade also had a period of decline.
 Especially little tree's enemy, who was extremely powerful. Little tree didn't know any blood saber technique, so he was greatly suppressed. Hong Yitang charged over ... But still couldn't match his opponent!
 It wasn't until Li Hao joined the battle that they finally managed to suppress the enemy.
 Tian Jian was a little dazed as he watched more and more people rush towards them. He was a little dazed ...
 A Silver Moon Martial Master ...
 He looked at hou Xiaochen and suddenly said,"The heavenly Sword villa ... Is just a place for Dao discussions. I've never thought of becoming the Overlord! I'm a swordsman ... A swordsman ... I shouldn't be like this ... I'm a bit regretful ... I'm a step too late ... Hou Xiaochen, after we get out, help me disband the heavenly Sword villa and tell everyone ... To find their own way out!"
 He laughed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com I'm Tian Jian!
 The number one swordsman in the world!
 Since when did I need someone to save me?
 Hou Xiaochen's face was unsightly, but he didn't say anything.
  The next moment, Tian Jian let out a sharp cry. Like a Blood Sword, he transformed into a sword and instantly pierced through several experts at the periphery. Their bodies fell one after another!  In the air, Li Hao laughed heartily,"I was just worrying ... And it was a little difficult ... Then senior came!" Just right, this should be enough. Hou bu, there's no need to be so conflicted. Did you hear what those people just said? Staying behind ... Was the more difficult choice! Don't be rash, you'll be wasting your energy this time!"
 Hou Xiaochen stood on the ground, mechanically waving his spear. With a single sweep of his spear, countless enemy soldiers were obliterated.
 BOOM!
 With a loud sound, Hong Yitang's sword characters exploded and instantly killed little tree's opponent. Hong Yitang smiled sadly and looked at Li Hao.""You've really screwed me over ... You were so confident. I thought ... We could win!"
 Li Hao was also helpless."I won ... Who knew that this dog-shit Black Phoenix would appear? what can I do?"
 BOOM!
 Hong Yitang directly exploded!
 Sadness flashed through Li Hao's eyes, but it quickly turned into a smile. I didn't expect this either. I'm sorry, uncle Hong.
 Grabbing some flesh, he seemed to recall the first time they met, when this earth overturning sword had told him ... That the sword was not used this way ...
 "Kill!"
 With a roar, the divine runes all exploded, and countless powerful enemies were destroyed in all directions. Li Hao's aura also reached a peak. A monstrous sword aura emerged and turned into a sword, sweeping in all directions!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The powerhouses were exterminated one after another!
 The next moment, Li Hao charged into the enemy's Army and exploded with a boom. In an instant, countless people were killed and injured in all directions.
 Tian Jian did the same. With a roar, he slashed down with his sword, turning thousands of enemies into dust.
 Tian Jian's body cracked as well, and he looked a little displeased and arrogant. He turned to look at hou Xiaochen and laughed,"This is ... The real Wulin!"
 BOOM!
 It exploded and completely disappeared from the world.
 "Wuwuwu ..."
  The sound of the horn was heard, and the enemies retreated like a tide. Countless enemies were completely scared out of their wits. There were still powerhouses in the air, but at this moment, they did not dare to come forward and retreated!
 Underground, hou Xiaochen didn't say anything. He continued to chase after them. He didn't even know how many people he had killed.
 He knew that this was an illusion. No matter how many he killed, it would be useless.
 However, he only wanted to kill.
 They were all dead!
 He couldn't figure out why he was one step slower than Li Hao.
 Li Hao was the hope of this generation, wasn't he?
 'Why ... Did you leave me behind?'
 'Is it because I'm weak, or is it because ... I'm still an official and not a swordsman in their eyes?'
 They ... Don't like me, do they?

 The will of the soul-splitting spear swept in all directions. Countless enemy soldiers were torn apart in front of him. Kill, there was only slaughter!
 Behind him, the small tree was also looking on in a daze. It had taken root in the ground and was swaying its branches ...
 Li Hao is dead?
 It was a little muddleheaded. What about me?
 Return to Silver Moon with hou Xiaochen?
 Continue to guard the Imperial Palace?
 After an unknown amount of time, hei Teng's voice rang out in hou Xiaochen and little tree's ears,"The enemy has retreated, and our losses haven't exceeded half. We have won! "Congratulations to the two of you for becoming official students of Yuanping martial Sciences University!"
 A man and a tree, their vision blurred, and they instantly appeared in a classroom. Hei Teng was there as well. He looked at the man and the tree, and said with a smile,""You two ... Congratulations!"
 Hou Xiaochen looked at him silently. After a while, he slowly said,"Where are Li Hao's sword, Windchaser boots, and storage ring?"
 "He's dead ..."Hei Teng was surprised.
  "I know, where's the thing?"
 Hei Teng didn't say anything. After some consideration, a storage ring, a sword, and a pair of boots appeared.
 Hou Xiaochen took it and looked at Heibao,"Can I take it with me?"
 "That won't do ..."
 "Well, I will leave here with Xiaoshu ..."
 "Senior," he said, looking at little tree,"enter the storage ring. Let's leave this place!"
 "What?" the small tree was a little shaken."Are we ... Just ... Just going like this?"
 Li Hao and the others had all died here!
 "Otherwise?" hou Xiaochen's voice was exceptionally calm.
 The little tree was silent. A moment later, it turned into a small sapling and disappeared into the storage ring, no longer moving.
 Hou Xiaochen looked at hei Teng."Then, I'll have to trouble senior to send me out!"
 "You're not going to stay for a while longer?"hei Teng asked slowly. You should know that there will be many benefits waiting for you if you become an official student. I'm not lying to you. It won't take too long here, at most a month, and you can officially step into the Paragon realm ... Which is what you call the seven divine powers realm!"
 A smile appeared on hou Xiaochen's face,"there's no need. I think ... I know how to continue growing stronger. Thank you for your kindness, senior. Please send me away!" Could it be that ... Senior is going back on his word?"
  "Of course not!"  Hei Teng looked at him and spoke after a while,""You ... Want to take revenge on me?"
 "No, senior misunderstands, I didn't mean it that way! Life and death are common in the martial arts world. Moreover ... They and I ... Are not the same kind of people. I am an official, and they are bandits!"
 "Understood ..." Hei Teng said thoughtfully,"of course, I hope that you can understand that even if you become the so-called seven supernatural powers, you won't be my match. Many, many peak real gods have died in my hands in the past!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Naturally!"
 Hou Xiaochen remained calm and didn't say anything.
 He waited for a while, but hei Teng did not make a move. He frowned."What do you mean, senior?"
 Hei Teng was silent for a moment before shaking his head."Nothing much, I'm just trying to judge some things ... Forget it, it's too complicated. In the past, someone said that the human heart shouldn't be tested. This time, I made my own decision. The human heart ... Is also very difficult to test!"
 p In the next moment, hou Xiaochen's vision blurred. It was as if he had just entered the real world. He was slightly stunned.  Around them, Li Hao rubbed his head, his face dark, and he said nothing.
 Hong Yitang also looked up at the sky.
 Tian Jian seemed a little embarrassed, and he didn't look at hou Xiaochen ... He had just said that this was the real Wulin ... He had said it in a very carefree manner, but now, he was so embarrassed that he didn't say anything.
 Around them, Qian Wanhao and the others were there, and so was Heibao. All of them were looking at them curiously.
  What was going on?
 Was it a success?
 As for hei Teng, he seemed to be lost in thought. After a long time, he slowly opened his mouth and said,"This battle ... Is a real battle ... I won the same way that day! The reason I let you enter this illusionary realm was to see ... If you can walk out ... Perhaps one of you, or perhaps all of you ..."
 One person meant that someone had been sacrificed.
 All of them meant that they had failed and chosen to leave. As for all of them being alive and clearing the level, that was impossible and did not exist.
 He slowly said,"this battle took place in the early stage of neo martial. Many people participated or witnessed this battle back then ... At that time, your identities were actually real. Many people died in that battle. Many martial masters of the older generation died, and even the human King ... He also participated in this battle, but he was an unremarkable participant. "Hong Yitang's identity was the Vice-Chancellor ... He was also the old Vice-Chancellor of mcmau in the past. His death in battle was a huge loss to the human race. He had nurtured countless powerhouses and countless prodigies. On the day his vitality dropped, he chose to unleash the blood saber technique and die with the enemy ... This was the choice of all the older generation martial artists back then."
 He sighed and said softly,"I let you participate in this battle because ... I just want to see how you will choose in this situation." Should I withdraw to save my life, or should I consider the influence of the outside world and choose to save one or two people ... Without tacit understanding, without the determination to die, without the spirit to not be afraid of sacrifice, without mutual trust ... You can't defeat a strong enemy!"
 "Only by trusting each other and choosing to leave one or two people behind while the others choose to go all out will we have a chance to defeat the strong enemy."
 "In my opinion, this is what a true martial artist should be like!"
 Li Hao rubbed his head and sneered.""Unnecessary! In my opinion, there are some things that don't even need to be tested. You said it yourself that the human heart is the least worth testing ... Is there a need to do this? After the test, how embarrassing would it be for Minister hou to survive?"

 “……”
 Hou Xiaochen didn't say a word, and pretended not to hear anything. At this moment, he wasn't just embarrassed ... He was ... He wanted to die.
 "Us too. We've said our piece. What do you want us to do now?"
 “……”
 Tian Jian was also embarrassed and did not say a word.
 Hei Teng sighed."That's right ... It's just ... It's just that I've seen you humans fighting and killing each other for energy stones and treasures ... For survival ... I think you're all very ugly ... I think there may no longer be the unity of the new martial era. I think that in the face of death, you may be the same. You may seem United, but in order to survive, you'll be divided ... The facts have proven that I've done too much!"
 This test was considered a success, but it was also a failure.
 The other party had succeeded.
 However, would hou Xiaochen be estranged from these people?
 Or rather, would there be any estrangement between them and hou Xiaochen?
  He did not know.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com All he knew was that these people had exceeded his expectations. He didn't intend to kill them, and there was no point in doing so. He only wanted to give it a try ... This wasn't the true third trial.
 At this moment, Hong Yitang, who had been silent all this while, rubbed his head and smiled.""Did I pass? Did he pass all of them? "If that's the case ... Then we won't pursue the matter any further. As for hou Xiaochen, don't worry. We think that he'll do better if he's alive than if we're alive. At the very least, he'll be able to endure it. Look, wasn't he doing very well just now? Don't worry, we won't despise him!"
 He laughed,'or do you think we should protect Li Hao? "In fact ... As long as Li Hao is alive, without our help, he'll cause trouble all day long. He'll probably be beaten to death soon. He made the right choice. We shouldn't choose him just because he's young. Those who choose to stay will, of course, be able to hold their ground, but this guy obviously can 't!"
 Li Hao also laughed."What are you talking about? I don't usually cause trouble!"
 Even Tian Jian laughed!
 This unsmiling swordsman was smiling happily at this moment. Not causing trouble?
 It had been less than a month, how many times had he caused trouble?
 You really don't blush when you say this?
 As for hou Xiaochen, he looked at the others and sighed,"I want to say ... After I left, I actually didn't want to take revenge for you. Will you regret saying this?"
 Li Hao grinned."Even if you don't want to take revenge, chief Yu will keep encouraging you to get stronger and take revenge. I believe in you!"
 “……”
 Hou Xiaochen didn't know whether to laugh or cry!
 Then, he shook his head."Don't do this next time ... I ... I've always believed that I'm very strong. There has never been a moment when I feel ... That I'm so weak. It hurts my self-esteem!"
 The few of them instantly laughed.
 As for Qian Wanhao and the others, they were frowning slightly. They did not know what had just happened, but they understood a little.
 These few people ... Did they pass?
 "All of you have passed!" Hei Teng said. In truth, in my mind ... You would have almost no chance of success. You wouldn't have won this battle. Even if ... All of you were to withdraw, I would have given you a chance to truly participate in the third trial ... I didn't expect you to exceed my expectations!"
 The few of them laughed and did not say anything.
 Li Hao cursed in his heart a thousand times. Just you wait. When I'm strong, I'll beat you into a pig's head!
 You better pray that your body is gone. If you still have a body ... I'll blow you up 10000 times!
 "Don't think about such nonsense in front of the strong. "
 At this moment, hei Teng said calmly,"as an expert, you're too weak. You're not even at the absolute peak. Everything you want can't be hidden in front of me. My physical body is gone long ago. It's probably impossible for you to realize your dreams!"
 “……”
 Dumbfounded!
 Li Hao was dumbfounded. Not only him, but everyone else's faces also stiffened.
 "Don't you know?"hei Teng laughed. The difference between us is so great that your thoughts are as obvious as a lamp's light in front of me ... As soon as a thought is born, I know what you're thinking. You're right, Minister hou does want to kill me after going back to cultivate ... However, it's easy to think, but it's hard to realize it. "
 Hou Xiaochen held his breath and cleared his mind, not thinking about anything else.
 Li Hao and the others were the same. They were all in disbelief. It was too terrifying that the other party could see through one's mind!  "I was just toying with you ... But this time, I'm serious. You ... Have been officially accepted as the official students of Yuanping martial arts university. Congratulations, new students!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the five tokens floated in front of the four of them. As for little tree ... He was still in seclusion, locked in the storage ring.
 The few of them did not say anything and took the token.
 "What do you mean?" Hong Yitang suddenly asked."According to what you said, if we don't pass this test and really pass the third Test ... Are you going to break your promise and not let us leave?"
 "Of course I won 't,"
 "It's just that ... There are some things that you won't be able to come into contact with at that time," hei Teng said indifferently."Your authority won't be too high either. You'll just be a passerby!"
 The meaning of these words moved the hearts of several people.
 Now ... Our authority has increased?
 Li Hao suddenly pointed at Qian Wanhao and the others.""Then, can we deal with these people?"
 "As a passerby ... You don't have the right! As an official student ...... Do as you please!"
 As soon as he said that, Qian Wanhao and the others 'expressions changed drastically!
 "You can't do this, senior!" Qian Wanhao shouted in a hurry. "I have an extremely high status in the outside world. I can help you recover successfully and provide you with billions of divine power stones ..."
 BOOM!
 Li Hao instantly attacked with his sword!
 The other party had lost their treasures and divine weapons. Their strength was weak to begin with. At this moment, hei Teng did not care about them at all. He only watched silently.
 If they had just passed the third stage normally, he really wouldn't have handed them over to deal with.
 However, at this moment, he decided to give them the status of true students.
 If that was the case ... For a few outsiders and intruders to be killed by a student ... What was the meaning of this?
 What's the big deal!
 What identity, what recovery ... He was already a Living Dead, why would he still rely on this?
 At this moment, not only Li Hao, but hou Xiaochen and the others also made their moves. Each of them was like a mad demon, extremely vicious. They gritted their teeth, as if they were treating these people as black banners, and madly killed them!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Under a series of explosions, even five elements god art would be beaten to death by them.
 In the blink of an eye, Qian Wanhao let out a blood-curdling scream as Li Hao's sword pierced through his throat!
 The next moment, he was beaten into a sieve by Hong Yitang!
 The other three secretaries, including the unwilling Hu mingfa, were also killed by the crazy men. The last man tried to escape but was bitten by the Black Panther!
 The Black Panther spat out the corpse and looked at hei Teng with a strange expression.
 "As a student, it's no big deal to keep a Mount. There's no need for you to be a student ... However, you're not allowed to harm other students. Otherwise, you'll be executed!" Hei Teng said calmly.
  The Black Panther heaved a sigh of relief. This dog was just testing the waters, and it seemed like it was working well.
 However, hei Teng was indeed terrifying. He had actually seen through its thoughts.
 The classroom was completely silent.
 Li Hao and the others vented for a while and felt good.
 At this moment, they didn't look at hei Teng as loathingly as before, even though this fellow's assessment just now was very annoying!
 They did not like this kind of assessment!
 Hei Teng remained calm."The few of you, keep your thoughts in check. After surviving a disaster, you're only thinking about taking advantage of me and emptying out Yuanping martial arts university. That's not a good idea!"
 “……”
 The four people and one dog instantly put away all their thoughts. Were they that obvious?
 At this moment, hei Teng seemed to be smiling.

 (I've opened my heavenly aperture, I'm getting old, I can't control myself)
 They were all very afraid of this ancient man who had been dead for who knew how many years.
 From what he said, his physical body should have been gone a long time ago, which meant that he was similar to the people of heaven battling city, only leaving behind his mental energy.
 What Li Hao found strange was that this person was said to be a Supreme Saint. Could the body of such an existence decay?
 How many years has it been since the ancient civilization?
 Fifty thousand years?
 A hundred thousand years?
 Didn't they say that they were immortal and undying?
 To dare to say that, and in the end, it rotted after tens of thousands of years ... Could this still be considered immortal?
 Or were there other reasons?
  Also, what benefits could he get at this moment?
 In the second round, he said that he would be rewarded if he defeated two, and a special reward if he defeated three ...
 Since they were no match for this person, their thoughts were very simple. They would first fish for benefits. Once they had enough benefits, they would leave and not have any more contact with this person.
 If it really didn't work ... The fine could be waived.
 This time, Black Panther had taken away half of the energy stones that were originally worth hundreds of millions. The other half should have been taken away by this person, but Li Hao and the others had no choice. Those things were originally left there by the major forces.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If these idiots were thrown into the storage ring, it might be safer. If they had to be thrown into the field, they might be directly absorbed by this person.
 Perhaps, it was because of this energy that this person was revived.
 p Otherwise, the other party would probably not recover. Otherwise, why did the Financial Secretary not get wiped out when they came in?  As everyone thought of this, they suppressed all the unhappiness from before.
 As for hei Teng, he didn't say anything.
 He stood up and looked at the few of them. He was as calm as ever."Follow me!"
 As he walked, he said,"Yuanping martial arts university isn't big. It only has four office buildings. They are the teaching building, office building, cultivation building, and the student and teacher dormitory." This is the teaching building. "
 "In the past, there were 100 Yuanping puppets in charge of each building, and they were in charge of daily affairs ...
 Li Hao looked at the puppets that had followed him. Were there 400 of these puppets in the past?
 "These puppets ... What's their strength?"
 "Absolute peak."
 "Of course, it's not as strong as a true Paragon. It's only said that its defensive and offensive capabilities are up to par. However, a puppet is still a puppet. Its ability to adapt is much weaker. When it encounters a true Paragon, it's no match for them," hei Teng said indifferently.
 Everyone understood, but they were still shocked.
 Peak!
 It was very powerful. No one in the world could reach this level. Even Li Hao was far from this level.
 He had to have at least seven Sacred Arts to have such strength.
 To become a super, one had to develop the five organs sacred art and the wind and thunder sacred art. Only then could one barely reach this level.
  It was the same for martial masters. In fact, they were all about the same.  At the moment, that was all that had been discovered about the human body. As for the one in the head ... No one dared to explore it. Therefore, for martial masters and superpowers, the limit was seven types of sacred art.
 However ... In this place, a puppet was already so powerful. It was unbelievable.
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He had long known how powerful the ancient people were ... He just had to keep working hard.
 As for hei Teng, he continued to lead the group down.
 As he walked, he said,"as an official student, the martial arts universities have been quiet for a long time. I don't have anything good to give you ... As compensation for the third round, I'll send you to a place ... It's up to you if you can get anything."
 "If there's a harvest ... It might be a big harvest."
 "Li Hao!" After saying that, he suddenly looked at Li Hao."Perhaps it'll be a great harvest for you!"
 Li Hao was somewhat surprised.
 What did he gain?
 Hei Teng, on the other hand, did not say anything.
 Li Hao wondered if it was a treasure. A divine weapon? Or something else?
 He walked for a long time.
 When they reached the ground floor, a small pavilion appeared in front of them. Building a Pavilion underground ... Li Hao was speechless, but there seemed to be something else here.
 Hei Yao led Li Hao and the others forward. There were also puppets outside the pavilion.
 When they saw hei Teng, they all bowed slightly, as if they were alive.
 It was obvious that hei Teng's status was not low.
 The door of the pavilion opened naturally.
 In an instant, countless books appeared before everyone's eyes. This is ... A library?
 Li Hao took a casual look and immediately gasped.
 "Sky piercing sword technique, golden body indestructible, 10000 techniques return to one, origin returning sacred manual, wind and cloud divine path, gobbling down everything ..."  Among them, Li Hao actually saw several familiar secret books.
  It wasn't that he was familiar with her, but that he had heard of her name before.
 The eight directions gluttonous divine skill was said to be one of the top three secret manuals in the history of the demon clan.
 The sky-piercing sword technique was a top secret technique in the heaven battling Army, but Li Hao didn't have the money to buy it.
 And all of these ... Were actually all here.
 He was excited!
 Could it be ... Could it be that he had to give him such a secret manual?
 At this moment, although the Black Panther was illiterate, it was also staring at the Jade book. Its eyes were red. It seemed to have sensed some aura and was a little excited.
 As for Hong Yitang and the others, they could be considered as experienced and knowledgeable people. At this moment, they all sucked in a breath of cold air.
 What kind of place was this Yuanping martial arts university?
 They had heard of some of these secret manuals from ancient books. They were all cultivation techniques cultivated by the most powerful people during the ancient civilization. During the ancient civilization, martial arts universities were all-inclusive, and the powerful people would not deliberately keep their martial arts to themselves and not pass on martial arts.

 However, not everyone could learn their martial arts, so they usually kept it in some Holy Land. Only the strong who had reached a certain stage were qualified to practice it.
 But now ... They were everywhere!
 Every secret manual, even after countless years, still exuded the radiance of the great Dao. They felt that as long as they cultivated here without reading ... They might be able to reap great gains very quickly.
 As for hei Teng, he seemed to be used to it and looked at the others."These combat techniques were all left behind by the top powerhouses in the past. Yuanping martial arts university has an extraordinary background, so it has collected almost all the martial arts techniques of the powerhouses in the world!"
 Everyone gasped!
 Li Hao was also shocked."What's the background of this Yuanping martial arts university? it can ... Can actually collect all kinds of martial arts?"
 "That's not all. This is only a portion of it. Your li clan's Sword Saint ... Also left his sword technique here. "
 "Of course, it's not a specific sword technique," hei Teng said indifferently."It's just some comprehension ... It might be helpful to you ... But you're a newcomer, so I can't satisfy all your wishes at once."
 "This time, you can choose a manual. Aside from hou Xiaochen, that tree and Hong Yitang can also choose a manual. As for sky sword, you can choose a weaker one."
 Hou Xiaochen was speechless.
  He did not.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Alright, in the second round of assessment, he indeed only passed.
 Just as Li Hao had this thought, hei Teng said,""Don't even think about teaching it to outsiders. This isn't a normal martial art. There are some restrictions. It involves the great Dao. If you teach it to outsiders, you won't be able to say it even if you want to!"
 So exaggerated?
 Li Hao didn't quite believe it, but he still didn't reply.
 The reward was not bad.
 Was it the ancestor's sword arts comprehension?
 That was a venerable sovereign, a peerless Overlord. To him ... It was definitely a treasure.
 However, the other party looked at him and said,""Of course, I don't recommend that you choose the sword technique. Actually ... Everyone's sword technique is different! Your ancestor was not good at teaching disciples, so he's not very suitable for you. "
 Li Hao was stunned. What did he mean?
 You're not giving it to me?
 "As compensation for the third stage ... I recommend you to learn another combat technique ..."
 Li Hao frowned, but he quickly smiled and said,""May I ask ... What kind of battle technique is it?"
 "You'll know when you see it. "
 He led Li Hao for a few steps. Then, he thought of something and looked at Hong Yitang."If you want to come, you can come along. That book of combat techniques might be of some help to you."
 Hong Yitang was a little suspicious, but after thinking for a while, he followed.
 "Skysword," hei Teng's voice rang out from behind,"you can take the books you can use, but you can't take the books you can 't. Hou Xiaochen, you can read some of the books that are free of charge ... You'll be able to benefit from them. Black Panther, don't focus on that demonic technique. If you are powerful, you will naturally learn it. If you are not powerful enough ... It will be a waste of time! Let that tree out. Perhaps there are some demon race cultivation techniques that can be of some help to it. "  Hou Xiaochen said helplessly.
 How sad!
 Hei Yao seemed to be giving Li Hao and Hong Yitang special treatment!
 I'm so jealous!
 ……
 Hei Teng continued to lead the two upwards. The pavilion seemed to be connected to the heavens and earth. After walking for an unknown amount of time, they entered a small, secluded space.
 There was only one book in this place.
 Yes, there was only one.
 "Yuan Ping,"
 Li Hao glanced at the book and was stunned. What ... Is this?
 Storybooks?
 Hei Teng glanced at the book as if he was recalling something. After a long time, he said,"This book was personally written by the principal back then. After writing it, he invited the Emperor to correct it ..."
 Li Hao was shocked!
 The human King ... Personally punished him!
 What was the background of this Yuanping martial arts university?
 Hei Teng suddenly laughed."Of course. This book, in fact ... In fact, it's just the principal's method of copying an expert. Now that the principal is no longer here, we can say it without any restraint."
  Li Hao looked at him curiously."Senior, you mean ... This book ... Was plagiarized?"
 "Ahem ... You can't say that!"
 Hei Teng laughed,"it's not plagiarism, it's just that ... Some of the methods are similar to that of an ancient expert. That expert ... Was very powerful!" It's just a pity ... He fell in the end. "
 "He died?"
 Would a powerful person fall?
 Li Hao didn't think so.
 "Don't think that you're weak just because you've fallen!"Hei Teng said with a hint of emotion. On the contrary ... Even though that person had died countless years ago, he still created the new martial arts later. The reason why the human King could be powerful was because of some means left behind by that person in the early stages. Heaven battling city is a branch of the blood Emperor, and the blood Emperor ... Has an extremely complicated relationship with that person. Strictly speaking, the two words "heaven battling city ..." Represent the Supreme Master who has fallen. Since the creation of the world, he has left behind indelible traces!"
 Hearing him mention the venerable sovereign's name, Li Hao couldn't help but say,""You ... Senior little tree said that the honorific names of some powerhouses can't even be mentioned ..."
 Hei Teng laughed."This is Yuanping martial arts university. It's not a big problem. Of course, in the outside world, in other places ... It's best not to mention it!" "Yuanping martial Sciences University is a little special. Although it didn't leave behind anything good or any Supreme existences ... There's a special Taoist connotation circulating in this place, and the outside world can't sense it."
 These words contained too many things!

 At this moment, both of them were looking at the book.
 It looked very ordinary.
 There was nothing special about it.
 However, hei Teng said that it would be of help to them, and ... It was said that he had borrowed the techniques left behind by some Supreme experts. Li Hao should have seen the venerable sovereign of heaven battling city in the word "heaven battling". Was the expert carrying a longbow and holding a bloody blade the venerable blood Emperor?
 When hei Teng said "Zhan Tian," he actually meant the one who had fallen.
 Li Hao was a little confused.
 Of course, this was not the main point.
 The important thing was that this book might really be amazing.
 "The two of you can decide whether to choose this book or the other one ... This time, I've given you a special reward ... You won't have such an opportunity next time."
 Li Hao thought for a moment and made a decision.""This one!"
  "Me too!"
 Hong Yitang nodded.
 They felt that there was no need for hei Teng to lie to them. After all, they could choose any of the other precious secret techniques they wanted. Was there a need to lie to them?
 Moreover, this book actually had a single floor. One look and one could tell that it wasn't simple.
 "Alright then, you two ... Take your time!" Hei Teng seemed to have laughed again.
 With that, hei Teng disappeared.
 After he disappeared, Li Hao suddenly said,""His last words ... Were rather meaningful. What did he mean?"
 "I don't know,"
 Hong Yitang also shook his head and laughed bitterly."Sigh, here ... We're just ants. Don't think too much, just let nature take its course! If they really want to kill us, we won't be able to put up any resistance. "
 "Let's see what happens in the future!"
 Li Hao wasn't dejected, and he smiled,"I'll take it slow in the future!" How long have we been cultivating?"
 Hong Yitang laughed and didn't say anything.
 At this moment, the two of them sat down. Li Hao looked at the book on the table. It seemed that someone had sat here and read this book before.
 "Yuan Ping Chronicles" felt like a diary or some documents.
 He didn't know what was so special about it.
 Li Hao opened the book and was slightly stunned.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "When I was young, my family was very poor. I really wanted to eat something good, but I had no money at that time. It was only when my brother became a martial artist and earned money ... That I had pocket money and could buy whatever I wanted. I was very happy at that time ..."
 Li Hao flipped through it and was dumbfounded.
 This seemed to be a storybook!
 No, it was a memoir.
 It recorded a woman's life from childhood to adulthood, as well as some trivial matters.
 In the book, some things were mentioned. For example, she had an older brother who doted on her and often bought her food.
 For example, she had a pet. It was a cat. It was very cute, but it liked to sleep in. It also had a huge appetite. It would eat so much every time that she had nothing to eat.
 For example, she had a lot of elders who loved her, but she knew that because her brother was a genius, everyone liked her. She actually knew that, but she didn't care.
  For example, there was a time when she left her brother and ran away with teacher li. She cried for a long time. During that time, she missed home very much. Later, she killed many people in that place, but she didn't tell her brother.  And then ... Nothing else.
 Just these.
 The entire book was about these trifles. Li Hao flipped it up and down, left and right, back and forth ...
 He was stunned!
 He was really stunned!
 He looked at Hong Yitang, who touched his chin and said after a while,""We ... Seem to have been ... Tricked again?"
 “……”
 "Really?" Li Hao was dumbfounded.
 Was hei Teng too free?
 I want to F * cking beat him to death right now!
 You were so secretive that we thought you knew you were wrong and were giving us some benefits. Now ... You're showing us a memoir?
 What was this?
 There wasn't any explanation of the great Dao, nor any information on martial arts. When it came to killing, it was just a passing remark. There wasn't even a cultivation method. Most of it was just an account, and the essay was very boring.
 For example, he could write for half a day during a meal. Then, during a war, he would only write one word: victory!
 “……”
 What the hell!
 "Even if you had described the process and the moves in the battle, it might have been of some help to us. But in the end ... That's all?
 Li Hao almost vomited blood!
 Hong Yitang said thoughtfully,'this ... There's no need to provoke us again and again, right? What's the point of this?"
 He also picked up the book and read it for a while. He thought,""Maybe there's an interlayer!"
 Li Hao nodded and hurriedly checked, but ... He still found nothing.
 "A secret manual will appear after burning it?"
 Li Hao looked at him, and Hong Yitang frowned slightly.""Can it be burned?"
  "He can, he didn't say he can 't."
 After saying that, flames appeared on Li Hao's hand ... As it turned out, he was overthinking things. The flames were extinguished as soon as they touched the book.
 Li Hao's eyes moved,"I understand!" This book ... Is a treasure by itself!"
 Now, he understood.
 This book was originally a divine weapon.
 So it's to give us divine weapons!
 After saying that, Li Hao felt a little regretful."Damn it, I was tricked by him. A book is only a divine weapon, and he made us choose ... Maybe he's trying to make us fall out with him. This book might be of a high level, and he wants us to fight for it!"
 Just as he was saying that, a sigh was heard with a hint of helplessness.""Books ... Are indeed considered divine weapons! However, the book couldn't be taken away ... He had to take a closer look! Calm down. I believe it will be of some help to you!"
 It was hei Teng's voice.
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. Wasn't the problem with the book's level?

 What was the reason?
 He looked at it carefully for a long time. He looked at it from the front to the back, then used the hiding method, the alternating method, and the reverse narration method ...
 He messed up the words, read the first word, read the last word, and read between the words ...
 Looking around, he still didn't find anything.
 Li Hao's head was throbbing.
 This is indeed not a trick?
 As for Hong Yitang, he looked carefully for a while and suddenly said,""Calm down and take a look, don't think about anything else."
 Should he calm down?
 Li Hao's heart couldn't calm down.
 However, when he heard Hong Yitang say this, perhaps there was some hidden meaning behind it. He quieted down and no longer complained. It was an unexpected gain anyway, so it didn't matter if he had it or not.
  As he continued reading, Li Hao felt as if he had returned to the time when he was studying ancient books with his teacher in the ancient academy.
 Regardless of the story in the book or the font, it was at least written in ancient characters. The words were simple and straightforward, which was suitable to be used as teaching materials.
 It didn't have any profound vocabulary and was very suitable for beginners to use when learning ancient characters.
 After calming down, Li Hao was much quieter.
 He didn't feel as impatient as before.
 After looking at it for a while, Li Hao's eyes blurred.
 It shouldn't be that bad.
 He rubbed his eyes and looked again. Gradually, Li Hao's expression changed. He stared at a word. Gradually, the word seemed to come to life and could move.
 What the hell?
 When he calmed down and looked again, he stopped moving.
 Li Hao was a little surprised. He continued to read, immersed in the word. After a long time ... The scene in front of him suddenly changed.
 That word seemed to have transformed into a person.
 At this moment, a person was practicing martial arts. His qi and blood seeped out bit by bit, separating bit by bit. Li Hao seemed to see his qi and blood being divided into countless parts, and in the next moment, it turned into a long Dragon!
 The Dragon roared!
 Li Hao was startled. He hurriedly took a step back and instantly fell out of his state.
 He was a little shocked!
 What ... What was going on?
 He looked at the page again and gradually immersed himself in it again. This time, he found something different and mysterious.
 Each word represented a martial art.
 No, it could be the same martial art.
 He could tell!
 This was ... A combination?
 That's right, the words that had taken on a human form seemed to be continuously assembling. The qi and blood were being divided, and the same qi and blood was divided into countless parts. Then, they were arranged in different ways, and finally, they produced different forms.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was stunned!
 At this moment, he was a little dazed.
 'Is this ... The essence of martial arts?
 The essence of ancient martial arts?
  So it was like this?  The same qi and blood, or rather, inner strength and superpower, would be divided and rearranged. After different combinations and arrangements, it would then ... Be transformed into a new combat technique.
 What was this?
 Was it a modification of the microscopic world?
 He was a little dazed as he read. At this moment, he suddenly understood why hei Teng showed him this. Was it his own sacred art text?
 Words ... Can they be combined?
 Can it be split again?
 Could the word 'water' be divided into countless 'water' words?
 With the word 'water', could he reconstruct the word 'ice'?
 What about the "snow" character?
 Where's the "frost" character?
 Could everything that was related to water be able to produce sacred art characters?
 Li Hao felt as if he had opened up a new world. At this moment, he felt dizzy. This book ... Was too incredible. It seemed to have opened up a new world for him, a microscopic world.
 He was explaining the essence of combat techniques!
 This wasn't martial arts, but a direct interpretation of ancient martial arts combat techniques. It allowed everyone to understand how combat techniques were born and how different combat techniques appeared ...
 Heavens!
 Li Hao couldn't believe it at first glance. One word could change into many different words, and a combat technique could change into different combat techniques ...
 It was ever-changing!
 These ... Weren't these some of martial uncle Hong's ideas?
 That's right, words are also formed by stroke by stroke. Aren't all words like this?
 So ... In the microscopic world, divine power characters could also change in a myriad of ways?
 Li Hao was immersed in it, unable to extricate himself.
 He knew that this time ... He had really encountered an opportunity!
 A great opportunity!
 What divine power Stone, what divine weapon, what treasure, what and what else, they were all inferior to this book ...
 ……
 In the darkness.
  Hei Teng stood there silently.
 He looked up at the sky, as if he was thinking about something.
 "Yuan Ping's Chronicles" was the lost art of Yuan Ping martial arts university. It was a lost art in the true sense. It imitated some of Zhan Tiandi's methods in the past. The principal used his own methods to explain it again.
 The human King had once personally corrected it. Although he felt that the story was not exciting, he still gave it a high evaluation.
 Originally, these people were not qualified to learn it.
 However, he could tell that Li Hao and Hong Yitang's methods were much better than the ultimate Arts of Star Town City, but they seemed to have no future.
 And this book ... The combination of vitality combat techniques, perhaps ... Could give them some inspiration.
 He inherited the past and opened the future.
 If it wasn't for the fact that the two of them had used the blood saber art in the third stage, he wouldn't have brought them here. It could only be said that these two had stumbled upon such an opportunity.
 "It doesn't matter if it's beginner level, mid level, or neo martial ... The essence of all martial Dao combat techniques is the same. There are thousands of combat techniques, but it only depends on which one suits you the most ... There are countless great Dao, but they will eventually come together ..."

