fileno%d
 hours of the month. The monthly vote has expired. Muacks.)
 At this moment, everyone in the Heavenly Star military governor's office had ugly expressions.
 The wind and cloud ranking!
 Countless years ago, there was an expert who set up the power rankings. It was said that all heroes since ancient times would collect their corpses and leave their names behind. The person who set up the rankings was so powerful that even the ancient kings could not match up to him.
 As soon as the list was released, the world changed.
 What hidden ancient people, what powerful people from all over the world, all of them were on the list, and their strength was not inferior at all.
 The enemy would be able to figure out your background in an instant.
 Initially, everyone was wary of you, and they didn't dare to touch you. But now that you've revealed your true strength, it seems that you're nothing much ... Who would fear you in the slightest?
 Of course, the prerequisite was that the list had to be credible.
 If no one believed him, it would be nonsense.
  However, if the Billboard in three days really listed all the powerful people in Silvermoon ... It would be extremely terrifying. They knew their own business.
 Now, all parties were hiding.
 Once he was sure that his family's situation was right, then the others would also be right.
 Li Hao's spirit quickly entered the storage ring.""Do you know about the Billboard?"
 "What?"
 The sapling was a little confused, but he quickly replied,""Yes, I do. It was set up by an omnipotent expert in the form of Taoist Fengyun."
 Daoist Fengyun wasn't the true name of an omnipotent expert, so he wasn't afraid to mention it.
 The little tree continued,"this omnipotent expert ... In my father's memories ... Was also a heaven-defying existence. He once imitated the heaven-peeking mirror and created the wind and cloud Mirror. The wind and cloud Mirror connected to the end of the great Dao of origin and captured the origin of all living things. All martial artists who cultivated the Dao of origin were listed on the roll without exception!"
 Li Hao took a deep breath!
 He knew about this ranking, but he didn't know it was so powerful.
 It was directly connected to the end of the great Dao of origins ... This was too terrifying.
 "In addition, Daoist Fengyun isn't alone, but a family!" The little tree continued. That was a legendary family. It was unbelievable. They had four sovereigns! You might not know the meaning of an Emperor ... But in that era, an Emperor ... Was truly an invincible Emperor! Even a late-stage human King could hardly match Daoist Fengyun. He and his three sons ... Schemed against the emperors, stirred up the wind and clouds, and finally set things right. They helped the human King kill the celestial Thearch and contributed greatly!"
 Speaking of Daoist Fengyun, little tree sighed,""When the Billboard was released, everyone knew about it. The world shook and the forbidden Sea was suppressed!"
 Li Hao smiled when he heard little tree's words.
 This was the real ranking list!
 One sect had Four Emperors!
 It was simply unbelievable.
 And just now ... What was that?
 Li Hao laughed. Who was he trying to scare?
  Acting mysterious, he wasn't even here and was just sending a voice transmission. He didn't even come close. 99% of them were more than 10000 meters away and didn't dare to come close.  Look at Daoist Fengyun, who suppressed the world with a single roll.
 It seemed that he had obtained some information about the Billboard, or perhaps he had obtained a replica of the book of wind and cloud?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for the book of wind and cloud itself, it was almost impossible because one could not use it at all.
 Besides, martial masters and superpowers had no origin now ... What kind of ranking was that?
 Li Hao smiled and sent a voice transmission to little tree, now that someone wants to make a Billboard, do you think ... They can do it? The strong ones hiding in the ruins, or people like me who are hiding their strength, can they find out?"
 Little tree thought for a while and said,"there's still hope ... Get the heaven peeking mirror's fragment, I mean the real fragment!" Or a replica of the heaven peeking mirror, a powerful replica that can cover the Silver Moon and search for life aura. It's still possible to estimate strength based on the strength of the life source aura. "
 "In the past, the heaven peeking mirror was omnipotent. It was owned by the great emperor and could even spy on the origin of invincible experts. It was extremely terrifying. Later on, the mirror broke. Although it was repaired later on ... It was broken and difficult to restore. If you get a real fragment of the mirror, you still have a chance to spy on the land of the Silver Moon. The land of the Silver Moon ... Is too small, and experts ... Are too few!"
 Li Hao's heart moved, the land of Silver Moon?
 What did that mean?
 "The ancient civilization ... Could it be that the Silver Moon land is not the only one?"
 Hearing about stargates, Li Hao had some ideas. But now, it seemed that the land of Silver Moon was too small ... Did the little tree mean that this place was not a complete ruin of an ancient civilization?
 "You should know that there's only one Palace here ... You should've known about it long ago!"
 In the vast land of Silver Moon, there was only one abandoned Palace of the great emperor.
 Where was the emperor's real palace?
 Where was the human king's palace?
 Where was the venerable sovereign's temporary residence?
 And now, there were only eight main cities in the land of Silver Moon. Could it be that the eight great families were the core of the world during that era?
 Little tree felt that Li Hao should have already made his judgment, instead of asking if this place was not the complete ruins of the ancient civilization.
  Of course not!
 "So, you're saying that the Silver Moon is only part of the ancient civilization's territory?"
 "Yes,"
 Li Hao took a deep breath!
 He closed his eyes and did not speak.
 The outside world thought that he was still angry over the person just now, but in reality, Li Hao didn't care at all.
 "That is to say, if the other party obtained the fragment of the heaven peeking mirror, then he would have a chance to spy on the powerhouses of the entire Silver Moon?"
 "It's possible ... An imitation is fine too, but it can't be trash. It can't be a powerful imitation. The mirror shards in your hands should be the shards of a powerful imitation ..."
 "It's not a fragment of the heaven peeking mirror?"
 Little tree was speechless and only replied after a long while,'how is that possible! If they were the real fragments of the heaven peeking mirror, you would have been able to run amuck in the world with five of them now! In the past, even a single mirror shard would cause Saints to fight for it ..."

 You got five fragments so easily?
 What was he thinking!
 "Then the other party ..."
 "Snatch it over!"
 Little tree even knew how to interject,'the other party either has the heaven peeking mirror fragment or an imitation, the powerful kind! The heaven-peeking mirror shard ... You are qualified to take it, but the other party ... Is currently unknown. "
 "I'm qualified?"
 "My ancestor?" Li Hao was stunned.
 "It's definitely not. It's the great emperor 's. Didn't I tell you?"
 The little tree was helpless."Now that the emperor's palace is abandoned, I'm the only representative of the emperor's faction. Even if I don't want it, it still belongs to the Emperor. I can't take it back now. You can take it back. I entrust it to you!"
 “……”
  Li Hao almost spurted out.
 These words!
 It was quite overbearing.
 This great emperor was also very overbearing, right?
 "I don't want what's mine, but it's still mine. I'll kill whoever dares to snatch it."
 The little tree had said before that the great emperor hated it when others mentioned it. He would kill whoever mentioned it ... Who was this great emperor, and what was his relationship with the ancient king?
 It was really complicated!
 "Then, could the other party have obtained the book of wind and cloud?"
 "Impossible!"
 The little tree denied it again."That's impossible. The book of wind and cloud ended up in the hands of the human King. Who can take it away from the human King?"
 That would be the real joke!
 Even if it was a fragment of the heaven peeking mirror, it couldn't possibly be the book of wind and cloud. It didn't matter if the fragment was lost, but would the human King casually throw away The Complete Book of wind and cloud?
 It was a precious treasure that Daoist Fengyun had made with all his might.
 Although it was not as good as the heaven peeking mirror itself, it was still a treasure of the same level. However, it was still an imitation of the heaven peeking mirror and appeared to be slightly inferior.
 Li Hao understood."Then, if it's a heaven peeking mirror fragment ... You mean it's very powerful?" he asked.
 "It doesn't matter ... In today's world, the strongest can only accommodate the power of the peak of six elements,"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao instantly understood what little tree meant.
 No matter how powerful a treasure was ... If you used too much power, it would shatter the void and destroy you. Thus, it couldn't exceed the peak of the six elements.
 At this thought, Li Hao sneered.
 He didn't ask little tree any more questions. He looked at the crowd and said coldly,""Fengyun Pavilion is a dog's fart. You are all experienced and knowledgeable people. You are just a group of rats that can't be seen by others. You are even more disgusting than the nine divisions and the three major organizations ..."
 “……”
 In an instant, there was silence.
  The eight divisions powerhouses looked at him one after another. Some were angry, some were annoyed.  You ... You're too much!
 "Don't be angry," Li Hao said indifferently."What I mean is that if the other party can't come up with a list, it's fine. But if they do ... Hehe, it means that they have a Supreme treasure! On the other hand, the strongest person in the world was only at the pinnacle of six elements ... No matter how many treasures the other party had, it was nothing! "But as for the ultimate treasure ... We'll cooperate with each other later. I don't think anyone wants to reveal it ... If the list is really out, everyone, investigate it to the end. Unless the other party is hiding in the remains and doesn't appear, I, Li Hao, will destroy him for free this time!"
 Everyone's hearts stirred when they heard this.
 It seemed that Fengyun Pavilion had angered Li Hao.
 Li Hao could be considered someone who wouldn't do anything without benefits, but today, he was willing to take the initiative to exterminate the other party ...
 Treasure?
 If the list could really pry into everything ... To everyone, their privacy would be gone. Who else would they kill if not them?
 Experts cared about these things the most.
 If you don't have the ability, don't take on the task.
 In this era where the strongest was only at the peak of the six elements, there were now nine divisions and even the imperial family. If you dared to show yourself, did you really think you were a God?
 Chen Yao said,"I'm just curious. Who is supporting Fengyun Pavilion?" What do you want to do? They've already killed those who needed to be killed, and they'll fight those who want to fight sooner or later. The second recovery is a node ... What are they trying to do before that?"
 "As long as the second recovery begins, I don't need you to sow discord!
 It was completely unnecessary!
 Then why did he do it now?
 What was he after?
 At this moment, Zhao huaimin chuckled from the administration department.""If I'm not wrong ... Governor li is probably going to be on the list. If he's not first, he'll be in the top three."
 Everyone was slightly stunned.
 Li Hao also raised his eyebrows, but didn't say anything.
 "Other than Governor Li, Ying Hongyue will probably be on the list, and there will probably be people from the imperial family who will be ranked among the top ..." Zhao huaimin said calmly.
 As soon as he said that, everyone mulled over the meaning.
 Soon, he roughly understood.
  Apart from Li Hao, the royal family and red Moon were well-hidden.
 Up until now, none of the parties had actually figured out their exact strength.
 Li Hao was currently jumping around and making rapid progress. If he were to cause any more trouble, everyone would have to exterminate him before the second recovery!
 Li Hao looked at Zhao huaimin in silence.
 Zhao huaimin didn't mind and smiled faintly."It seems ... Governor li has put some pressure on the people of Fengyun Pavilion! Otherwise, based on their previous speed, the list would have been released bit by bit and they would have done something after the second recovery. But it's brought forward now ..."
 He looked at Li Hao and said meaningfully,""Unless ... Governor li already has the power to threaten all the forces?"
 It was a test, but also a guess.
 Today, the appearance of Fengyun Pavilion was to target Li Hao. Otherwise, who would offend him at this time?
 The other party did it!
 If everything went as expected, Li Hao would most likely rank first or top three. Not only that ... Li Hao's side might ... Have more than one person on the list, and one of the higher-ranked ones.

 Zhao huaimin was confused and hesitant.
 Did Li Hao ... Really have the ability to threaten Fengyun Pavilion, which was hiding in the dark?
 Otherwise, he wouldn't have ended up like this!
 Li Hao laughed,"Secretary Zhao, you really think highly of me!" Since you've already said so ... It's not enough to believe that the other party would randomly rank them. "
 Zhao huaimin did not say anything.
 If the Billboard could really rank all the experts, then Li Hao's top three ... Might not be fake. It might have really put great pressure on the other party, so they had no choice but to do so, hoping that all parties would kill Li Hao before the second recovery.
 Ying Hongyue's handiwork?
 He thought to himself.
 If it was Ying Hongyue's handiwork, then it was possible.
 But ... Would it be Ying Hongyue?
  At this moment, Li Hao was also thinking whether Zhao huaimin's words made sense.
 Perhaps it made sense.
 Perhaps ... The divine runes had been discovered by the other party, or perhaps he had sensed something, which made the other party feel pressured. He felt that his side had improved too quickly, so he had no choice but to use such a method. When the other powerhouses gathered, he would cause some trouble.
 Of course, none of this mattered.
 So what if he really ranked himself first?
 Li Hao laughed and said,"even if they put me in first place, and senior uncle Hong and the others in second or third place ... So what?" Do you all believe me? Of course, it doesn't matter if you believe me ... Just try!"
 After laughing, Li Hao said,"all right. I've lost all my good mood. Let's end the opening ceremony here. How unlucky!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com His smile disappeared."Fengyun Pavilion slapped my face in front of me. They were so unscrupulous. It's just a non-official organization. Why did they make a list and bring chaos to the world? they listed Fengyun Pavilion as a Darksider organization and established it on the same level as the three major organizations! I hope that all of you are not too closely related to the Windcloud organization, especially the quelling Duke!"
 He looked at the quelling Duke, his eyes cold."Today, you'll find some trouble first. Not long after, this happened. You better pray that I don't find any evidence that you're related to this Fengyun Pavilion ... Otherwise, I'll raze quelling Duke's public house to the ground!"
 The quelling Duke frowned slightly and said,""Governor Li's words are a little too much. I'm just stating the facts. What's there to find fault with? besides, Governor Li said that the rule of law is extraordinary and that everything must be governed by law ..."
 Li Hao closed his eyes.
 The Duke was surprised. He didn't say anything?
 It was at this moment, in an instant, that six masked old men suddenly appeared. They instantly attacked with their sabers, Spears, swords, and halberds, charging at the quelling Duke!
 Beside him, just as Duke Wu was about to shout in anger, he was suddenly startled.
 At this moment, Yao SI's aura locked onto him.
  The surrounding experts 'hearts suddenly trembled as if they had been locked on by someone. They were all alarmed.  At this moment, Li Hao's voice was cold."How dare you make trouble on the day of my opening! You must be a traitor of Fengyun Pavilion! You're courting death!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he struck out with his palm!
 The divine arts of wind, Thunder, water, fire, and Metal Burst out instantly. With a loud boom, the world shook. Everyone was dazed. When they opened their eyes again, the quelling Duke spat out blood and a large hole appeared in his chest!
 Everyone was shocked!
 The six masked men who had just attacked him also fell to the ground, as if they were no longer breathing. Li Hao frowned."Audacious madman, Fengyun Pavilion is really brutal. Men, drag the body to the backyard and feed it to the dogs! As for the an country Duke ... It's a pity that he was assassinated by the Fengyun Pavilion scoundrels. It seems that I have misunderstood just now!"
 "It's a pity that I was too slow ... These crazy people dared to kill people under my eyes! Hateful, hateful! Men, bury the quelling Duke's body properly!"
 At this moment, the surroundings were deathly silent.
 On the ground, Duke an was still vomiting blood, but he was not completely dead. At this moment, he was staring at Li Hao with wide eyes, full of hatred and disbelief!
 He really couldn't believe that Li Hao dared to kill him in front of hundreds of forces!
 How did this happen?
 He had three divine abilities ... As long as Li Hao didn't attack him personally, even six divine abilities wouldn't be able to kill him instantly!
 The quelling Duke was not completely dead yet. He moved slightly, trying to take out some spring of life to save himself ...
 He opened his eyes and looked at the Duke of Wu, as if he wanted to say something, he wanted to say ... Save me!
 However, when he moved slightly, someone coughed.
  Hou Xiaochen began to cough violently. At that moment, it was as if a Spear's will that could tear apart the heavens had entered his mind, and in an instant ... The quelling Duke's aura completely disappeared.
 Hou Xiaochen coughed violently. Beside him, Chief Steward Yu hurriedly handed over a white handkerchief. The next moment, blood stained the white handkerchief. Hou Xiaochen was a little embarrassed and coughed, "I'm sorry ... My health ... Has not been good. "
 No one made a sound!
 Some people were shocked. The quelling Duke had been alive just a moment ago, but in the blink of an eye, he was completely dead. No one was blind, so even if they didn't see or feel anything, they could guess that ... Hou Xiaochen had secretly made a move!
 He was really F * cking arrogant!
 Duke of Wu, who was standing to the side, did not say a word. He only looked at Li Hao and hou Xiaochen.
 This bunch of lunatics from the Silver Moon!
 This was simply too crazy!
 He had killed an expert with three types of magical powers just like that. Moreover, the other party was a Duke. Would he only stop after he had offended everyone in the world?
 The Duke dingguo's mansion and the Duke an's mansion both represented a continent.

 He represented the southern continent.
 However, did Li Hao have any scruples? no, not at all!
 At this moment, even the Duke of Wu country could feel a strong sense of threat. If these lunatics were truly angered, they wouldn't even care about killing someone.
 After a long time.
 Zhao huaimin glanced at Li Hao. After a while, he said,""Governor li ... What ... Just happened?"
 In an instant, the six masked criminals attacked. They weren't weak and were probably close to divine power or two-elemental divine power.
 However ... What the quelling Duke had just displayed was at least the combat power of three types of divine arts.
 He wouldn't have been killed instantly!
 And Li Hao's palm, with the power of five magical abilities, killed six masked men ... Were they dead?
 Was he really dead?
  They looked at the Demon Hunters quickly dragging away a few people with unsightly expressions. Did they think they were all blind?
 These masked men ... Even at this time, some of them were secretly opening their eyes ... F * ck!
 Li Hao, you've gone too far!
 These six people ... Weren't they the six old men who had been watching the show outside?
 Wasn't he Silvermoon's older generation Martial Master?
 Did he really think that no one recognized him?
 If you didn't secretly send us a message, we'll cut off our heads for you!
 The an country Duke ... Was killed just like that?
 It was simply unbelievable!
 At that moment, Hong Yitang and the others had locked their auras onto the surrounding experts. Whoever dared to move would be struck by lightning!
 Li Hao was putting on an act to deceive hundreds of people!
 Damn it!
 Was he still Li Hao?
 Or was it the Li Hao who kept talking about the rule of law?
 This was too double standard!
 The an Guo Duke might have something to rely on, or he thought that Li Hao wouldn't do anything to him without evidence, or he might have communicated with the Wu Guo Duke, or there might be other circumstances ...
 However, he had never expected that Li Hao would really dare to kill him in front of everyone!
 The six masked ruffians and the people of Fengyun past...They had even found their targets!
  And ... It was too suitable.  It was their fault for arrogantly telling the whole city that they had appeared, caused trouble, and left!
 If word got out ... Who would believe that it was Li Hao who had sent people to kill Duke an?
 At the side, yang Shan also inhaled.
 He's dead?
 The powerful quelling Duke had been killed just like that!
 Li Hao's palm seemed to be aimed at the six "scoundrels," but everyone knew clearly whether it was true or not. The surroundings instantly exploded, and chaos ensued. If this palm had not hit the an Guo Duke, a triple magical ability user would not have been killed so easily!
 Three elements ... He was definitely a top-notch expert!
 The six martial masters hadn't advanced, and the strongest one was only comparable to a two-elemental god art. How could he have killed a three-elemental god art in an instant?
 That's bullshit!
 At this moment, Duke Wu's expression turned slightly unsightly,""Governor li ... It's fine if you take away the criminal's body, but the quelling Duke is a Duke ... It's better to let the people of the Duke's public house bring him back for burial!"
 Li Hao's men had actually dragged the quelling Duke's corpse away.
 This ... What did this mean?
 Li Hao said calmly,"I'm going to investigate what technique, divine power, and internal strength he died in. Perhaps I can find out where the murderer came from. I can also dig out the nest of Fengyun Pavilion and catch them all!" It doesn't matter if Duke Wu doesn't know how to investigate. My Heavenly Star governor's office is the most familiar with this. I was once an inspector of the inspection Division, solved countless cases, and won many pennants and medals. If you don't believe me, you can go to the Silver City and ask around!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Once I've investigated the matter, I'll naturally bury the corpse properly. If the high Duke's public house feels that it's inappropriate, we'll send the corpse back to the high Duke's courtyard in stellarsky city three days later. Don't worry, you must believe in our professionalism!"
 After saying that, he sighed,"I'm useless!" Fengyun Pavilion actually hid so many experts in the vicinity. As the governor of Tian Xing, I actually failed to protect the guests who came to congratulate me, causing a Duke to be killed ..."
 At this point, Li Hao sighed, and his voice reverberated in all directions.""Fengyun Pavilion, the fourth Darksider organization, you deserve to die! It should be destroyed! He had sent six powerful cultivators to ambush and kill the guests, causing the death of the Duke of an country. Although Li Hao had eliminated the murderers, he had also caused the death of the Duke of an country, the pillar of the country. It was a sorrowful matter ... Li Hao was guilty. Today, Li Hao requested to be demoted by three ranks and have his salary reduced by ten years. He would be appointed as the acting governor of heavenstar ... As the temporary Governor, he would mobilize all forces to besiege Fengyun Pavilion. He would not stop until Fengyun Pavilion was destroyed! Please allow me to do so, heavenly astral King!"
 “……”
  The sound was turbulent from all directions.
 The citizens of stellarsky city were all stunned!
 Just a moment ago, everyone was wondering what the Fengyun Pavilion was, but ... In the blink of an eye, Li Hao's voice was heard.
 They were all surprised!
 "Governor li ... Was ambushed by the Darksider, Fengyun Pavilion?"
 "I was probably ... Too careless!"
 "Where did Fengyun Pavilion come from? I know about the list of god tier Masters, but I didn't expect that they had so many experts. Six supernatural powers, ambushing and killing guests ... How dare they. But they all deserved to be killed ... It's the an country Duke ... Who is the an country Duke?"
 "He's from the Western continent. Don't you know? One of the three great Dukes of the founding of the nation!"
 "Oh, oh, oh ... That's a pity. I'm not too familiar with him. He came to the capital to congratulate Governor li and was killed ... Do you think ... You know, those families deliberately made up something to slap Governor Li's face?"
 "It's possible. Six magical powers at once ... This is not a small trick. I've never heard of Fengyun Pavilion. Where did so many experts come from ... I think they're still unconvinced and want to embarrass the governor!"

 "You won't really be fined and demoted, right?"
 "I don't know. The quelling Duke might be on the governor's side. It's such a pity that he was killed just like that. I heard that many experts went this time, but no one cared. This is abnormal. I think that since they came all the way here to congratulate him, there's an 80 to 90% chance that they're here to join the governor ... What a pity!"
 "It's a pity, the an country Duke ... Sigh! It's hard for Governor li. No matter how many experts he killed, he couldn't scare them ..."
 "Who said it wasn 't!"
 “……”
 The sound of discussion instantly rang out, and a group of people began to gossip. They were somewhat regretful.
 In their opinion, the Duke of an country in the West, who was so far away, had come to congratulate him in person ... They wouldn't believe it if someone said that he didn't join Li Hao.
 There were so many people present who had not died, but only he had. It was probably Jiusi's doing, killing the chicken to warn the monkeys!
 Whoever dared to side with Li Hao would die!
 What Fengyun Pavilion? there was a 99% chance that it was the nine divisions!
  The quelling Duke was definitely Li Hao's man ... It was a pity that an Overlord had been killed after defecting to him. These people had gone too far and were too bold in order to suppress Governor li!
 ……
 The star military governor's office.
 There was complete silence.
 He had seen shameless people before, but he had never seen one before. In front of hundreds of people, in front of hundreds of overlords, he actually lied with his eyes open, turning a lie into the truth. Was this ... Still human?
 This wasn't shamelessness. He really thought that everyone was a fool.
 At this moment, many people looked at the royal family's Duke of the South.
 They waited for the result in silence.
 After a while, a sigh came from the direction of the Imperial Palace."The an country Duke unexpectedly died, it is indeed a great loss for the country! However, this matter had nothing to do with Marquis heavenstar. No one wanted to give Duke an a proper burial, as a noble would! Marquis heavenstar's contribution in eliminating the evil energy should have been rewarded, but today is the day the country is destroyed ... There will be no more rewards. Marquis heavenstar must capture all these evil energy organizations in one fell swoop!"
 Li Hao's face was grave, and his voice was extremely heavy.""Li Hao will definitely annihilate these dark energy beasts and exterminate them! The Fengyun Pavilion will be the number one target of the Heavenly Star military governor's office ... Li Hao ... Will definitely turn them into ashes for daring to kill so many important officials of the country!"
 The voice dissipated.
 At this moment, everyone could feel Li Hao's anger.
 There was another wave of sympathy from the people.
 It seemed that this quelling Duke had really come to seek refuge with Governor li. Look at how angry the governor was. One could feel his extreme anger from his tone.
 ……
 In the courtyard.
 Some were silent, some were sneering, and some were cursing in their hearts.
 What a great show!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, looked exhausted."Let's go. I'm sorry. Fortunately, you're all fine. Fengyun Pavilion can forget about running away this time. I'll definitely kill them and give everyone an explanation!"
 “……”
 Silence.  Very quickly, someone turned around and left.
 At this moment, the ninth Prince also transmitted his voice to Duke of the South,""Uncle Wang ... This ... No one actually made a move? The quelling Duke should be in cahoots with the Wuguo Duke ... He provoked Li Hao today, and I thought he was confident enough. I didn't expect him to be killed with a single palm strike ..."
 The quelling Duke had been so confident before, thinking that he really had a trump card. How could he have been killed in an instant?
 He was stunned!
 Duke Zhennan's expression was normal. As he walked, he transmitted his voice,""He didn't expect that the gap between five elements and three elements would be so huge. I didn't expect that Li Hao didn't just have five elements ... He's even comparable to a six-element! He didn't even have time to react, and it wasn't just him. Hou Xiaochen, Hong Yitang, Yao si, and the others all had very powerful auras, and they directly locked onto some experts. Even I was locked onto by their auras, and they could attack at any moment ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He didn't even give them time to fight back!
 In the blink of an eye, he had killed the man.
 Even if Duke Wu wanted to, would he dare to touch it?
 I don't dare!
 "Then ... What do they mean by this?"
 The ninth Prince was still confused. These two high Dukes had come to the capital to provoke Li Hao. There had to be a reason, right?
 The Duke of the South glanced at him. Do you really not know, or are you just pretending?
 "Royal uncle, the quelling Duke isn't that stupid. What is he after?" the seventh Princess asked.
 Duke of the South remained silent.
 He walked out and when he was far away, he sent a voice transmission,""Without my permission, can the Duke of Wu come to the capital? No one can guarantee that they'll be fine. Do they dare to provoke Li Hao?"
 “……”
 The two princes and princesses were stunned and instantly fell silent.
 It was unbelievable!
 Father?
 Why did father do this?
  Duke of the South didn't bother to say more. Why?
 This was because, even though the imperial family and the three high Duke's public houses were not on good terms, they were still different from Jiusi and Li Hao. The three high Duke's public houses and the imperial family were ultimately United. Their goals and goals were the same, and they even originated from two hundred years ago.
 This time, Li Hao wanted to establish his authority, and the nine divisions had silently agreed. However, the imperial family was not willing to let Li Hao establish himself so smoothly.
 However, he could only play some small tricks.
 His original plan was to suppress Li Hao and then discuss important matters with the two high Dukes. Good Lord, before he could discuss it, the quelling Duke was gone!
 Now, was the Duke of Wu still willing to continue discussing with the royal family?
 Discuss, my ass!
 His Royal brother was always presumptuous, thinking that Li Hao wouldn't dare to do anything.
 And the result?
 He killed the an country Duke on the spot and asked you if you wanted to lower his rank. How did you answer?

 He was really ... Asking for trouble!
 Duke of the South cursed in his heart. Duke of Wu was probably going to run away in the middle of the night, and the South was going to be in turmoil. This fellow would definitely not dare to stay for long. He had thought that this was a chance for peace talks, but it was all ruined by his Royal brother!
 The quelling Duke Manor's old Duke would certainly be dissatisfied and target both Li Hao and stellarsky King. The two continents in the west and south could only wait to be completely separated!
 ……
 At the same time.
 Chen Yao was also surprised. He said to his father,""These two ... Did the royal family get them?"
 "Probably."
 "Heavenly astral King ... He's really ... Really indescribable. He's too ambitious but too weak, far worse than his father!"
 The old Secretary sighed and nodded.""That's what they say about you!"
 “……”
  Chen Yao almost vomited blood!
 The old Secretary felt that he wasn't wrong. If you said that about the heavenly astral King, they would say the same about you, do you know that?
 He had great ambition but little talent, far worse than his father!
 Yet, you don't even know.
 "As expected, the second generation that was raised in a greenhouse just can't make it. Our generation is still stronger. We made a magnificent scene and defeated King Tian Xing. Although we didn't succeed completely in the end, it was already very impressive to be able to overthrow the royal family in that era.
 Chen Zhongtian liked to think about these past events, and it gave him a sense of accomplishment.
 When it was in the hands of his son, it would be far from enough.
 A group of second-generation heirs were fighting, each one weaker than the other. After fighting for decades, they didn't improve much.
 In the past, everyone had always been the Big Brother, but now ... A pack of wolves had sneaked in. If these second-generation heirs were to fight, they might not be able to win. This pack of wolves was young, but they had all come from Silver moon's run-down place. The people there were all ruthless.
 It seemed that his old friends would have to come out to suppress the situation in person soon. Otherwise, they would not be able to suppress the situation.
 Chen Yao did not continue. He cursed and said,""Hou Xiaochen ... It was hou Xiaochen who used his divine will to kill the an nation Duke, right? The divine decree was this strong? There's also spear intent?"
 Chen Zhongtian fell into deep thought.
 As the most powerful expert present, he could still sense some things. After thinking for a while, he transmitted a message,""I'm not too sure, but ... These few guys might be hiding their strength. Be careful and don't mess with them! Li Hao had killed the quelling Duke with a single palm strike. This guy ... Was definitely not weaker than a six-elemental! He's improving too quickly, it's a little unbelievable. And ... And I feel that his divine arts are different from ordinary people's divine arts!"
 As he said this, he frowned slightly and continued,""Be careful. Also, those old guys attacked without any hesitation. Li Hao might have promised them some benefits ... There might be a few more troublesome guys next ..."
 "Level up to a superpower?"
 "It's possible!"
 Chen Yao was speechless."The Silver Moon Martial Master has always been reluctant to become a superhuman. Why is it that ... He no longer has any concerns now?"
 "Breathing technique of five birds?"
 The old Secretary was also a little confused, but he could not get more information. He shook his head,""It's hard to say. Let's wait and see. When the divine power ranking comes out three days later, I also want to see if these guys have any real ability to copy Daoist Fengyun's wind and cloud ranking from the past! If he really has some ability ... Then it'll be fun. "
 "Aren't you afraid that your strength will be exposed?"
 "Hehe!"
 "What am I afraid of?" the old Secretary replied indifferently. I'm not in the mood to fight for hegemony, and my son is useless. Tell me, what do you think I'm afraid of exposing my strength?"
 Go to hell!
 Chen Yao cursed again in his heart. Recently, his old father, who didn't care about anything, always liked to attack him. Did he have another daughter?
 He wasn't sure!
  Recently, he didn't care if this old man had an illegitimate child. There were too many, and he couldn't be bothered to care.  ……
 At this moment, in the backyard of the Heavenly Star military governor's office.
 The six old men quickly rose to their feet, took off their masks, and looked at Li Hao curiously and strangely.
 After a while, someone gave him a thumbs up."As expected of Yuan Shuo's disciple ... No, you should be Yuan Shuo's master. Even that fellow isn't as arrogant as you!"
 When they received Li Hao's message, they couldn't believe it.
 Li Hao only said one thing,"kill the an country Duke to vent your anger!"
 “……”
 Then, the old men got excited and went up without saying a word. They had thought that it would be difficult to kill the other party, but Li Hao directly made a move and punched through him with one palm!
 So Savage ... We like it!
 This time, he really didn't come to the wrong place!
 The few of them were incomparably excited. They had been too idle these past few years. Back then, when they suffered a setback in the stellarsky city, everyone was somewhat uncomfortable. This time, they had just arrived, and they had already had a good time.
 Li Hao smiled and said humbly,"it's because you seniors are powerful. Director Zhou told me that you were all very famous back then. I couldn't hold my anger back and was very angry. I didn't expect you to do me such a favor. I'm sorry for the trouble!"
 A Sage-like old man smiled and stroked his beard.""Young man, you're too humble. But it's good to be humble. I, the Silver Moon Martial Master, have always been humble. You have a bright future!"
 Li Hao smiled brightly."You're too kind. It's been hard on you, seniors. I'll have someone arrange a place for you to stay and get some tea from the spring of life. You can take a bath and so on. You must be tired from the journey. You should take a rest first ..."
 The old people didn't want to stay here. They were about to refuse when they heard Li Hao's words.
 The spring of life, drinking tea, and taking a bath ...
 艹!
 He can walk?
 The next moment, they all smiled brightly."Good seedlings, good seedlings! It's a Silver Moon Martial master's blessing to have such a talented disciple. Alright, we'll ... Stay here for now!"
 Li Hao also smiled radiantly."It's my pleasure. Seniors, please stay here for a while. My place is huge, and I have a lot of spring water of life. I'm worried that I won't be able to use it all!"
 All of a sudden, the few of them were extremely enthusiastic and laughed."Then ... Then stay a little longer. Li, don't be so polite with us. Next time you want to fight, we're old fogeys. We're still strong. You're welcome at any time!"
 After saying that, under the warm reception of Liu Long and the others, the few of them walked towards the back. Each of them transmitted their voices to each other, looking extremely excited.
 What a good place!
 This trip was worth it!
  At this moment, hou Xiaochen and the others didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Why were these old ghosts here?
 They were the old martial masters of the previous generation, and they were also a bunch of bloodsuckers.
 Li Hao had even deliberately left them behind ... He really didn't mind making a big deal out of it!
 As for Li Hao, he touched his chin and smiled.""Call out and send a message to the seniors Northern fist and BA Dao! The Fengyun Pavilion ... Can you tell their strength? The results will be out in three days, right? Can you release the rankings every day?"
 He laughed!
 I can create strong people every day!
 You want to play with me?
 If you release the list today, I'll create a group of top-tier Martial Master God Arts tomorrow!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com I wanted to keep a low profile, but you guys insisted on playing ... Then I'll play to the end!
 I had planned to attack the ruins first before dealing with the city of superpower or the three major organizations ... This is good too, I'll start with you!

 (I'm begging for monthly votes!)
 The opening of the star military governor's office was also full of changes.
 He had thought that this day would be peaceful. After all, Li Hao's group had killed a large number of experts a few days ago and intimidated everyone.
 Who would have thought that on the day of the opening of the manor, the Fengyun Pavilion, which had never appeared, would appear and even kill the Duke of an country in the West on the spot, which also caused a commotion?
 The Duke of Wu, who came with him, might look burly, but he did not have the guts to do so. He led his men and ran that night.
 Along the way, he was very careful, afraid that others would find out.
 ……
 Because they knew that Li Hao had killed a large number of experts in advance, some martial masters who had come to help returned halfway and didn't participate in the opening ceremony of the star military governor's office.
 Bei Quan, who was walking in the middle of the coastal area, felt the vibration of his communication Jade and took it out.
 He was slightly surprised.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao had almost never asked for help, not even when he was under the pressure of the nine divisions. He would always lead his own people to solve the problem, and the Silver Moon martial masters would usually help on their own.
 It was the same this time.
 The other party had even gotten rid of a powerful enemy in advance. The Silver Moon Martial Master knew Li Hao's intentions. This fellow was also a headstrong person.
 But this time, it was Li Hao who sent the message.
 Ask for help!
 That's right, bei Quan was very surprised. After a closer look, he realized that something called Fengyun Pavilion had appeared. Li Hao had actually called for help. This was the first time he had taken the initiative to ask for help from a Silvermoon Martial Master.
 "Fengyun Pavilion ... Is it that strong?"
 Bei Quan was a little confused and surprised.
 To force Li Hao to take the initiative to ask for help ... This was very rare.
 "Interesting!"
 Northern fist chuckled. He had originally thought that Li Hao would not be in any more trouble until his second recovery, but he did not expect an unforeseen event to occur.
 He was prepared to make a trip back to Silver Moon, cross the Cang mountains, and go to the Li Dynasty.
 Now, it seemed like ... He had something to do.
 Northern fist turned around and flew toward the center.
 This was the first time the little guy had taken the initiative to lower his head and ask for help. If he didn't go, it would be a little disrespectful.
 ……
 At this moment, the ruthless BA Dao also turned around and charged toward Heavenly Star City.
 ……
 At this moment, people were rushing over from all directions.
 Thunderbolt kick had almost reached home. When he suddenly received the news, he felt a headache. This ... What was Li Hao's situation? why did he take the initiative to ask for help? did he think that he was no match for the Windcloud Pavilion, or did he think that he would be in great danger after the Billboard was released?
 "How troublesome!"
 Thunderbolt leg bared his yellow teeth and was a little conflicted. Why did these little guys always like to cause trouble?
 Wouldn't it be good to find a place, marry a few wives, and have a bunch of children?
 After struggling for a while, he sighed and looked at the courtyard in front of him. He did not go in to see the child again and turned to leave.
 ……
 White moon City.
 Director Zhao was currently handling official business. After old Zhou left, he started to get busy.
 p Especially when he had recently received a group of refugees, his head was even more boggled, and he had endless things to deal with every day.   He was busy.  Suddenly, the communication Jade beside him vibrated.
 Picking it up, director Zhao frowned. Wind cloud Pavilion, the organization behind the God tier Masters Ranking list.
 His strength was unknown.
 Since they didn't know Li Hao's strength, weren't they ... Overestimating him?
 He said in his communication Jade that he hoped that Silver Moon could send Huang Yu and Kong Jie to help.
 He frowned."Old Zhou is gone. Little hou is gone. Even a few old ghosts have run away ... And you still want people?"
 At this moment, he was also a little conflicted.
 Was there a need to?
 Silver moon's entire family's fortune has almost been emptied by you!
 With a headache, he was still deep in thought when the door was kicked open. Kong Jie said excitedly,""I want to go to Heavenly Star City!"
 “……”
 Director Zhao sighed. I finally managed to calm them down, and now Li Hao is causing trouble. Who did I offend?
 The second recovery was imminent, and silver Moon was in danger.
 What the hell!
 He looked at Kong Jie and was about to say something when Huang Yu walked in and said,""Li Hao almost never asks for help. It seems that he has found something and is finding it hard to deal with. I'll go. Kong Jie, stay here."
 Kong Jie's expression was unkind!
 "Are you looking down on me?"
 Huang Yu nodded.
 Soldiers are more straightforward. You just need to know, why say it out loud?
 You don't even have god art combat power, what are you doing there?
 “……”
 "My daughter is still there!" Kong Jie snorted.
 "Your daughter and frenzied sword have not returned yet. Don't use this as an excuse."
 Li Hao had never seen Kong Jie's daughter and frenzied sword. Of course, he didn't pay much attention to it. Hou Xiaochen might have arranged for him to do something. He wasn't dead, anyway.
 Kong Jie was furious!
 Director Zhao had a headache.
 All of you want to leave?
  One by one, their hearts were wild, and they couldn't be pulled back.
 However, Li Hao had taken the initiative to ask for help ... Forget it, forget it. Director Zhao sighed."Then let's go!"
 Since these two guys had taken the initiative to find him, they had obviously made up their minds. What were they going to say?
 He rubbed his temples, feeling a little tired.""Be careful. Don't end up in stellarsky city. You have to know ... The three of you are the Silver Moon's four guardians. It's very difficult for me ... The four guardians were there to protect the Silver Moon back then. Each one of them has to run away. It's really worrisome."
 "Don't worry, we're also annihilating the enemy outside!"
 “……”
 Where did you learn this from?
 Director Zhao glanced at Kong Jie and was speechless. After a while, he said,""Go, cut the crap!"
 "Alright!"
 Kong Jie was straightforward and disappeared.

 ? "Don't tire yourself out, old Zhao," said Huang Yu, concerned."Just leave the work to your subordinates. The young generation still needs to be trained."
 "Then don't go. Li Hao shouldn't be so nervous ..."
 Before he could finish his words, he was gone.
 Huang Yu was gone!
 艹!
 Director Zhao cursed in his heart. If he didn't care about his reputation, he would have cursed all of you to death.
 ……
 On this day, many experts were heading to stellarsky city.
 This was the first time the demonic sword had taken the initiative to ask for help from the outside world. Everyone was very surprised, but they also gave him a lot of face.
 Tian Jian of the sky sword Manor had just arrived home. After chatting with the successor of the wind and thunder sword for a while, he quickly set off and once again headed to the sky Star City.
  ……
 The outside world was also in an uproar.
 The city of supers.
 The female city Lord frowned slightly, and after a long time, she said,""Fengyun Pavilion...Did it get the inheritance of Daoist Fengyun?"
 Someone who didn't know Daoist Fengyun was about to ask when the female city Lord waved her hand.""Don't ask. It must be very powerful. This Fengyun Pavillion ... We have never heard of it before. We have investigated the person behind the God tier master list, but it is a mystery. I didn't expect it to be related to Daoist Fengyun. "
 It was impossible for the large organizations to ignore an organization that dared to make a list.
 Someone had already investigated it, but unfortunately, they didn't find anything.
 Every time the God tier Masters Ranking list appeared, it was very sudden.
 "Then, what should we do now ..."
 "Wait!"
 "Of course!" The female city Lord laughed."We'll wait for the ranking list to be released in three days. We'd like to see just what kind of confidence the other party has to be so arrogant!"
 Now, all the families avoided Li Hao, afraid that he would pick a fight with them before the second recovery. It would be interesting if Li Hao took the initiative to provoke him before the second recovery.
 ……
 Heavenly Star City.
 Li Hao made the arrangements and didn't say much.
 Soon, he walked to the main hall of the mansion.
 "Bring me a god tier master list ... No, every issue!" He ordered.
 "Yes!"
 Very quickly, someone responded and left.
 Not long after, someone came back with a lot of priest ranking lists. The one who sent them was a Deputy Secretary of the criminal law Division. He said with a smile,""Governor, the God tier masters list was released two years ago. It was updated once every three months, then once every month. It has been updated 10 times in total."
 "These are all the rankings for the 10 times."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Is this the original copy?" Li Hao asked in a deep voice.
 "Ah?"
 "I mean, is this the original copy of the God tier Masters Ranking list?"
 The Deputy Secretary was a little embarrassed."This ... I'm not too sure!"
  "Then go and find a clear one and ask. I want the original list that appeared in the first batch, not a copy!"  Even though the Deputy Secretary wanted to curse, he quickly went to make arrangements.
 As one of the nine divisions in the world, the criminal law Division was still very capable, even though the HU father and son were gone.
 Li Hao waited for less than an hour before the Deputy Secretary came in, sweating. He quickly took out 10 god tier ranking lists and said,""Viceroy, this is the first God tier master ranking list that we've collected ... We can't guarantee that it's the original, but it's definitely the first version that has appeared on the market!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He stretched out his hand, and the ten booklets fell into his hand.
 He picked them up and examined them carefully. They were all golden covers and looked a little precious.
 His eyes glowed red as Li Hao looked carefully.
 Very quickly, he threw out one of the books. This book was different from the other eight books. If it wasn't this book, then it would be the other nine.
 He continued to observe and quickly said,""Find me some old craftsmen who are related to paper making. I want those who have seen a lot!"
 "Yes!"
 The Deputy Secretary vaguely understood the other party's meaning and quickly arranged for people to look for it.
 ……
 On this day, Li Hao kept asking people. As an inspector, although he had only been here for a year and had not handled any major cases, his observation skills, insight, and intelligence gathering skills were all top-notch.
 Otherwise, there would be no way to dig out the information about the eight great families.
 However, as he grew stronger, he soon stopped doing this.
 But today, Li Hao had been provoked. Not only did he personally take action, but he also called a few old patrol inspectors from the Silver City to track the traces of the priest list.
 ……
 At night.
 A group of powerhouses broke through the air and headed straight for Nanyue province.
 The first place on the God tier Masters Ranking list appeared in the central region.
 According to the information that Li Hao had obtained, these original copies were made from a type of paper unique to southern mountains. Thus, it was very likely that the other party's lair was in southern mountains.
 The southern mountains, the southern barrier of the stellarsky city's core.
 Nanyue Governor-General's mansion.
 Nanyue's Governor-General was rather diligent. He was still in a meeting late at night. However, at the next moment, his expression changed. Just as he was about to speak, the door of the meeting room opened and a group of people appeared.
 The governor of Nanyue's expression changed.
  Very quickly, he recognized the person who had arrived. He was a little surprised and a little moved. He stood up, and his expression changed."I didn't expect Governor li to grace us with your presence ... I didn't come out to welcome you!"
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 Ignoring him, his eyes glowed red as he looked at everyone in the meeting room.
 The next moment, he reached out and grabbed!
 A middle-aged man's expression changed drastically. Just as he was about to escape, there was a loud boom, and he spat out blood. He was caught by Li Hao.
 The governor of Nanyue's expression changed drastically!
 Li Hao's cold voice rang out.""It has nothing to do with you! I'm looking for the Fengyun Pavilion's villain. Who is he?"
 The governor of Nanyue cursed in his heart!
 You don't know who it is and you're already making a move?
 He gritted his teeth, but when he saw the experts behind Li Hao, he suppressed his anger and said in a muffled voice,""This is the first Deputy Director of the administration department ... Governor li, this is Nanyue province, director Wu is also an important person ..."

 "He's a dark energy spy. Are you going to intercede for him?"
 The governor of Nanyue was stunned and cursed in his heart. 'You think it's true just because you say so?
 The middle-aged man captured by Li Hao was also coughing up blood.""Governor ... Save me ... I don't ... Don't know anything about the Fengyun Pavilion ..."
 Li Hao's palm slammed down, and with a boom, the other party's head almost exploded.
 Li Hao looked at the crowd and said,"don't leave. Assist in the investigation!" He's just a Deputy Director, but he has the power of a God. Not only that, but he also has a treasure to hide his aura. Whether or not he's from Fengyun Pavilion, there's something wrong!"
 The governor of Nanyue was slightly taken aback. He looked at Li Hao, then at the man, and was somewhat surprised.
 Divine power?
 There was a governor's office in southern mountains, and the governor's office was in charge of everything. As the governor of southern mountains, he had just advanced to divine power not long ago. Before that, he did not have a single divine power.
 It was only because of the 20 drops of spring of life that he was able to level up.
 Otherwise, in this era, without a monster plant as a backer, it would be impossible for one to advance to divine power alone.
  This time, his expression changed.
 Divine-tier!
 The man, who had been knocked out by Li Hao, finally regained some consciousness and vomited blood again.""Governor ... I ... I'm innocent ... I'm from the military law Department ... The military law Department ... I'm here to monitor the governor ... I'm not from Fengyun Pavilion ..."
 The governor of Nanyue was apathetic and no longer spoke.
 The other party might have really been planted by the military law Department, but to plant a divine ability user by his side, it was a big move.
 Now that Li Hao had captured him, he didn't want to say anything.
 Although it was embarrassing, even Jiusi had lost face in front of Li Hao, let alone him.
 Li Hao didn't bother to say anything more. He grabbed the man and walked out.
 When they reached the door, the others sealed off the meeting room.
 In the next moment, a shrill cry came from outside the door.
 ……
 Li Hao looked at the man in front of him, took out a book, and said indifferently,""Do you know him?"
 The man's eyes flashed with panic, and he quickly said,""Yes, it's the God tier master list."
 "You created it?"
 "No... I've only seen him before, Governor li. I ..."
 Li Hao chuckled."Every time the ranking list appears, it's quickly spread to all places. There must be some forces on the surface. If it's a group of reclusive people, it's impossible to spread it so efficiently. Someone must be cooperating with them, and their status must be high!"
 "And the source is in Nanyue province. Since that's the case, there must be experts from Nanyue or the higher-ups working with them!"
  "The paper used to make paper belongs to Nanyue. As for the paper mills, they were all taken over by the country five years ago. The people are not allowed to make paper alone to suppress the spread of culture. Once the God tier masters list is out, there are thousands of copies ... If education is advanced, it would be hard to find out. "  "However, the star dynasty has been suppressing the development of education. Every month, the number of books produced by the officials in the entire central region does not exceed ten thousand! However, the God tier masters list, every time they create something, there are tens of thousands of them ... Do you want me to investigate them bit by bit until I find paper mills?"
 If it was an era of advanced education, a small workshop could produce 10000 books a day without any problem.
 However, in this era, in order to suppress the development of education, paper mills and printing factories were strictly controlled.
 Even if you printed more than a thousand books in a year, you would be investigated, let alone thousands of books, unless you had someone backing you.
 This time, he knew that the southern mountains cultivators were having a meeting just in time to catch them off guard.
 Sure enough!
 He had captured a hidden God art expert.
 Li Hao wasn't sure if it was him, but there was definitely something wrong with the other party. That was enough.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The other party's ability to hide was very strong, but nothing could stop Li Hao's eyes from seeing through illusions.
 The man's face was filled with despair.
 p It was too fast!  It was true!
 Fengyun Pavilion had just appeared in the day, and he had been captured at night. He had even been captured in Nanyue province. All of this had happened too quickly. The concealing ability that he was so proud of had not been of any use.
 The man was in despair."Governor, it has nothing to do with me ... I was just ... Just doing what I was paid to do. The other party gave me some cultivation resources, and I was responsible for providing them with protection. I didn't participate in anything ..."
 "So, you admit that you are a member of Fengyun Pavilion?"
 The man's face was pale."No... I ... I'm just one of their ... One of their partners ..."
  "You're so stupid! They are also very stupid!"
 Li Hao frowned."Only Nanyue has this kind of paper. How dare they directly make the godly master rankings in Nanyue? you too!" He actually dared to print it! In the star dynasty, over 100000 books are printed in a year ... Do you know what that means?"
 The man was miserable. Who would care about this?
 As powerful people, they did not have much of an understanding of these things. They did not lack these things. Who would bother to tell where the paper came from? who would think about it? it was just a few thousand copies ... It was actually very little.
 Moreover, once the God tier Masters Ranking list was spread, there would be people who would copy it on the market.
 In an instant, there were many more. Thousands of books were scattered among them, and it was not eye-catching at all.
 He had underestimated Jiu SI's abilities, as well as Li Hao 's.
 The man laughed bitterly."Governor, I ... Really only did what I was paid to do. I don't deserve to die. Governor ... Please give me a chance to atone for my crimes ..."
 "Is the divine power only for money?"
 Li Hao sneered, do you really think I'm an idiot? Of course, if you can provide me with some important information, I can spare your life!"

 Li Hao's mood was quite good that he had caught a big fish.
 As for alerting the enemy ... What was there to be afraid of?
 If the other party really had the strength to deal with him, he would have made a move long ago. Would the other party dare to show himself?
 He had to find out the other party's background first, then he would have plenty of ways to deal with them.
 They're just rats hiding in the dark. It's good that they're panicking, as it's easy to make mistakes. Let's see how they're going to get out of the God tier Masters Ranking list in three days.
 Was he writing by hand?
 Even if it was hidden in the remains, there were printing machines in the remains. But now that the remains were almost silent, the other party obviously could not use it. Otherwise, they would not have asked for help from outside.
 Li Hao asked them to write with their hands!
 If he wanted to spread the God tier Masters Ranking list that would be released in three days, he would have to write a few thousand copies!
 The man's face was pale.
  It really came too quickly.
 He felt despair and dejection in his heart. Those idiots from Fengyun Pavilion just had to provoke this person. In less than a day, he had already come to kill them.
 He sighed and nodded."Governor, I will tell you everything I know. Please spare my life!"
 Li Hao laughed."That's good. Tell me!"
 He sighed."The wind cloud Pavilion actually only appeared two years ago. Two years ago, I was a cultivator of the three suns. At that time, I was in charge of education, technology, and the development of new technology in Nanyue. These were all industries that were not valued."
 "Two years ago, a giant merchant came to me, hoping that I could allow them to print some brochures ... My Lord, you know that the dynasty is very strict with these things. I didn't think much about it at the time, but the other party sent me ten divine power stones ..."
 At that time, 10 pills were really a lot and very precious.
 Li Hao sneered."It's a brochure. 10 divine power stones. How dare you accept it?"
 The man remained silent.
 Any normal person would know that there was a problem. However, he had thought that so what if he printed some forbidden books?
 There were too many forbidden books in the dynasty. Technology, people's livelihood, education ... All of them were considered forbidden books.
 Just by turning a blind eye to it, he could earn a huge sum of money.
 10 divine power stones!
 As a result, the first God tier master ranking list appeared.
 It was already too late when he found out. The God tier Masters Ranking list had already spread. As an important member of the province, he knew that printing required confidence and strength. Not everyone could just randomly rank the list.
 "But it was too late ... The other party gave me benefits and even threatened me with powerful martial strength ... At that time ... The other party already had sunguang-level experts."
 "Then ... Then they gave me a drop of the spring of life and persuaded me for a while," the man said helplessly. "I was hot-headed and ... Agreed."
 "That's normal,"Li Hao smiled.
 In this day and age, there were a lot of people who colluded with the three major organizations, and the three major organizations were officially defined as dark energy organizations.  He was only colluding with an unknown faction and the benefits he was given were so great. Even the governor of Nanyue might not be able to resist such temptation, let alone a Deputy Director like him.
 "The guy you made a deal with, is he still there?"
 "No." The man shook his head."He only appeared three times before disappearing. I'm responsible for all of them! "In the later stages, weaklings would always appear and give me an original copy so that I can print it and spread it out. Actually, what I'm responsible for is very simple, but I've gained a lot ..."
 Li Hao nodded slightly and smiled,"so this time ... Has the opponent's god tier master ranking list arrived?" They said that it would be released in three days. Printing also takes time. "
 Although it could be printed in a day, shouldn't they prepare in advance before publishing it?
 "Not yet ..." The man said hesitantly."If ... If it's really like what you said, then there's a high chance that you'll give me the original by tonight ... But now ..."
 Now that I've been caught, I've alerted the enemy. Will they still come?
 Although Li Hao's group had arrived quickly and sealed off the area, they were still too weak.
 However, that didn't mean that the news didn't spread.
 Li Hao smiled,"it's okay, it doesn't matter!" If they don't give it to you, I'll give it to you! I'll give you a list ... Print tens of thousands of copies and spread them out!"
 “……”
 The man was stunned. What was going on?
 Li Hao laughed."Of course. It'll be best if you can get the original. If you can 't, I'll provide you with the rest!"
 "This ..."
 "What is this?"
 The man didn't dare to say anything. Li Hao said indifferently,""You've already reached the divine power level, and that's all you know?"
 The man hesitated for a moment. When he saw Li Hao's palm coming at him, he was terrified and hurriedly said,""No... I also know that I'm not the only informer. They probably have other people working with them in other places!"
 "Do you know the details?"
  "I ... I know about one or two of them. Once ... I arranged for people to follow them ... They were all beggars on the street. The other party didn't notice them. I don't know about others, but I know a person of a higher rank who should be colluding with the other party."
 "Speak!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The man didn't dare to hesitate any longer and hurriedly said a name.
 Li Hao's slap almost broke his head.
 "I don't know him, tell me your identity!"
 "It's ... The head of the night patrolmen from nandou province ... I'm not sure!"
 Li Hao nodded.
 This made him think of someone.
 The disciple of the Qi Mei staff King, sun moxian, was killed by him that day. The other party was from nandou province.
 Back when he took away the staff of will left behind by Qi Mei staff King, Li Hao already knew that it was the combination of force and Super Lock. It should be a weapon of will formed by the Super Lock in the brain!

