fileno%d
n Yao left, the others arrived one after another.
 "Why did that little hooligan look for you?" Nan Quan was the most curious.
 “……”
 Li Hao was startled. Who was he talking about?
 Chen Yao!"
 Nan Quan saw his stunned expression and laughed,""You don't know? Although Chen Yao was not young, he was the biggest hooligan in the stellarsky city when he had not taken over his father's position. He had a lot of tricks up his sleeve. Later, when he took over his father's position, he also joined the gang. I'm not too familiar with him. I heard that his father was also a hooligan in the early years ..."
 " 80 years ago, his father's reputation in the martial arts world was even worse than mine ..."
 Everyone looked at him.
 "What are you looking at?" Nan Quan was a little annoyed. Didn't you guys promote it? I'm too lazy to argue!"
 No one said anything.
  So, you know that you have a bad reputation.
 I thought you didn't know!
 Li Hao laughed."That guy from the inspection Office ... Is also a hooligan?" he asked.
 "Of course. Don't look at how people pretend to be all high and mighty now. I heard that later on, people even pretend to be scholars and cultured people. In reality, they can't read many characters and can only read comic books with pictures!"
 Everyone was deep in thought and roughly understood.
 Nan Quan rolled his eyes again. I didn't mean it that way. It's a serious comic book, do you understand? why are you all looking at me like that?
 "Uncle-master Nanquan, you mean ..."
 "It's this family. They used to be hooligans and are good at judging the situation, but they can't be relied on at critical moments!"
 "That guy sneaked in, he's probably trying to speculate ..." Nan Quan didn't hold back either.
 Everyone looked at him again.
 This was ... Meeting one of his own kind.
 If you're not a family, you should have a good relationship with the inspector.
 Southern Fist's heart was tired!
 His reputation was damaged!
 I have a good reputation. My Southern Fist is a loyal and brotherly place. I'm willing to risk my life for my brothers and take care of my friends. Why are you all looking at me?
 "Anyway, just take it easy. The Chen family can be relied on when they are in power, but when they aren't ... They will run faster than anyone else."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Everyone looked at him again.
 Nanquan was furious!
 "What are you looking at?"
 "If you keep looking, I'm going to fall out with you!" Nan Quan said angrily.
 Why do you keep looking at me?
  Everyone regained their composure and stopped looking. If they turned hostile ... They would be the weakest even if they turned hostile. Who would be afraid of them?  He just couldn't be bothered to fight with this hooligan. It was embarrassing.
 Li Hao smiled and asked everyone to sit down. The small pavilion in the middle of the lake was now full of people.
 Nan Quan, hou Xiaochen, director Zhou, light sword, Hong Yitang, and sky sword were all there.
 Tian Jian did not leave. This time, he did not seem as cold and arrogant as before.
 In fact ... Li Hao guessed that it was most likely related to his own changes.
 There was a 99% chance that Tian Jian was actually waiting to see if he would say something.
 Yao Si was still with the night patrollers and hadn't come.
 Chief Steward Yu was currently assisting Liu Long and the others in reorganizing the heavenly punishment Army.
 Other than yang Shan and his wife, almost all the powerhouses were here.
 This time, only a few Silver Moon martial masters had come. Li Hao had led his men in before they arrived, and when they came out again, they were all dead. Li Hao didn't care whether they had returned halfway, were in no hurry, or hadn't come at all.
 He didn't need to be the first to arrive every time, and he didn't take the initiative to ask for help. Coming once was already a favor.
 He wouldn't think that it was inappropriate just because the other party didn't arrive in three days the second time.
 "Let's sit down and talk!"
 Li Hao said and looked at Hong Yitang.""Martial uncle Hong, people have to be killed and things have to be done. Killing people is secondary, doing things is the most important. It's going to be freezing soon, and it's still cold now. It's not the coldest time yet ..."
 "What do you mean?" Hong Yitang asked softly.
 "It's almost December. It's almost the next year. The school will start before next year."
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"actually, the first batch is mainly to recruit those who are not afraid of death. However, this is not the key. I just want to raise the reputation of this Academy ... And attract some talents!" For example, some of the teachers of the Heavenly Star ancient Academy are said to be in a miserable state ... We can also specially recruit some and make some changes ..."
 Hong Yitang nodded slightly.
 Li Hao continued,"in fact, no matter how many people there are in a school, there's still a limit. The key is to make it universal ... But it's obviously not possible now. However, we have to work hard in this direction ... We have to work on both sides and not delay!"
 "I know what to do."
  Hong Yitang nodded slightly.
 Li Hao then looked at director Zhou."In the eastern continent, I heard that the Marquis of the East Pole and Yu Chuo used my name to encircle and annihilate the Xu family. This is director's doing, right?"
 Director Zhou laughed."We just casually chatted for a bit. They felt that since the sky is high and the Emperor is far away, it would be good to have a name. In reality, they didn't think much of the star military governor's office."
 "Well, it doesn't matter ... They used my name to take revenge for me ... I'll satisfy them. The next time I go to the East, I'll go to them directly."
 This was also good. The Xu family in the East didn't need to worry about it for the time being. Those two families were enough for the Xu family to suffer.
 “……”
 Li Hao continued to chat about some trivial matters, all about what they had encountered recently.
 Even if Li Hao didn't participate, he would still ask about it, in case others said that he didn't care.
 In fact, he didn't want to care.
 Li Hao's current goal was very simple. First, he wanted to start this mess and get rid of all the people he didn't like ... As for whether he would continue to take over it himself or find someone else to take over, that would be a matter for later.

 This winter, Li Hao hoped that the superpowers would keep a low profile.
 It was already the dead of winter, and people would freeze to death.
 If a war of superpowers broke out, it would affect the entire dynasty and cause hundreds of millions of civilians to lose their homes ... Half of them would freeze to death in the winter.
 After a simple conversation, Li Hao coughed.
 This time, everyone's ears perked up.
 ? His attention was immediately attracted.
 Let's get down to business!
 "Chen Yao came here to tell me that the nine divisions, the royal family, and other organizations are all waiting for the second recovery to deal with us."
 "And now, the Chen family wants to speculate ... But they also want to see our strength and performance."
 Li Hao laughed."Actually, I don't really care about the Chen family's choice. What's important is that he was right about one thing ... The second recovery is indeed a big problem for us!"
  Everyone nodded in agreement.
 "Silvermoon's been on guard all this time,"hou Xiaochen added."It's actually a second awakening! After the first revival, Silvermoon suffered a huge loss. Back then, the ancient ruins of Silvermoon ... Sigh, they ate too much. All the energy from the revival was instantly devoured, and in the blink of an eye, Silvermoon became a barren land. "
 He was also very helpless!
 He laughed bitterly and sighed,""Otherwise ... With Silver moon's bloodthirstiness, why wouldn't he be able to produce a few top-tier superhumans? But ... Silver Moon did not give us that chance. "
 Li Hao didn't say anything and continued,""In any case, trouble is inevitable ... But we can't just sit and wait. It's not a good choice to sit and wait. We have to take the initiative to make trouble when no one dares to provoke us!"
 Director Zhou and hou Xiaochen both fell silent.
 The others also looked at the two of them ... Which meant that they, the Silver Moon Warriors, had been waiting for the second recovery. They were waiting for the enemy to attack and then counterattack.
 Of course, this was also a method that had no other choice.
 In terms of overall strength, Silver Moon was definitely inferior to them.
 The first time the Silver Moon Martial Master retaliated, a large number of older martial masters fell. In the following years, the Silver Moon Martial Master rarely retaliated.
 "What happened today isn't the point. The point is ... Right now, the southern Fist, the light sword ... And even director Zhou might be martial masters."
 Was it possible?
 Everyone looked at director Zhou.
 "Your words...Make me feel bad." Director Zhou was helpless.
  "How strong is director Zhou?" Li Hao smiled.  Director Zhou kept silent for a while and said helplessly,""It's not as complicated as you think. Let me put it this way. I'm a special martial artist, understand? "He's completely on the path of ancient martial arts. The reason why he's able to continue down this path is because he accidentally obtained some benefits when he was young. His physique was changed, similar to that of an ancient martial arts practitioner. So, in reality, it's really not as you think. He's not deliberately hiding anything. "
 Ancient warrior!
 "Authentic ancient martial arts?" Li Hao looked at him in surprise.
 "Right!"
 "I obtained some benefits from a historical site by chance. A peak ancient martial artist who was about to pass away passed on some things to me ... He was still alive at that time and used his last great magical ability to reverse my Constitution."
 "Therefore, I'm a pure ancient martial arts lineage. In terms of ancient martial arts, I can be considered to have a small achievement. However, now that the origin path has been destroyed, it's difficult for me to walk another path. In fact, my achievements are not as good as yours."
 Hou Xiaochen chuckled,"if that's the case ... Then I do know something. That means that director's body is very strong!" The ancient martial arts have the Golden body, so does director Zhou?"
 Director Zhou smiled."I do have it ... But now that the energy is thin, it's hard to maintain my weak golden body ... Luckily, Governor li gave me some spring of life to help me nourish it. Otherwise ... I can't use it rashly."
 Everyone's interest was piqued.
 A pure ancient martial arts practitioner and one who had cultivated ancient martial arts secret skills were different.
 A pure ancient martial arts practitioner's route, realm, and Dao were all the same as ancient martial arts.
 However, under normal circumstances, those who had cultivated ancient martial arts secret techniques still needed to be improved to adapt to the human race of this era. Hence, both parties took different paths and their bodies were generally weaker.
 A Martial master's main focus was still to cultivate energy.
  Ancient martial arts, on the other hand, cultivated the origin Dao.
 Li Hao was also relieved. No wonder he hadn't noticed anything, and he didn't feel that this person's body was weak. Previously, he had either been coughing or pale, but he had never seen this person.
 So that was how it was. That really wouldn't happen. Ancient martial arts didn't have weak internal organs.
 Director Zhou was being so honest probably because he didn't want to leave behind the image of a sinister person.
 The group of people were all staring at him, and he felt helpless.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao laughed."Let's not talk about director Zhou first. Uncle-Masters Nanquan and Guangming sword are both martial masters. The others, including hou bu, have broken their SuperLock. They can be considered supers."
 "At this point ... The path of superpowers is not easy to walk. Anyway, the road ahead is unknown ... I don't have to worry about you guys."
 Everyone looked at him. Say it.
 Hong Yitang actually knew that, but he didn't say anything and just waited for Li Hao to explain.
 Li Hao smiled."As you can see, I'm improving very quickly. I don't usually reveal my aura, so I don't deliberately hide it. The biggest problem with superpowers is that mysterious energy is an external object. I can't use force, so I can only use my superpowers to deal with strong enemies ..."

 "Get to the point!" Nan Quan was a little anxious.
 "The point is that I walked around randomly and created a new Dao that I don't know if it's a Dao or not. I don't know what the future will be like, what the outcome will be, or what the future will be like ... But at the current stage, I can absorb the mysterious energy into my body!"
 As soon as he said this, Nan Quan understood."Teach us! We like this kind of unknown!"
 “……”
 You're so direct and so straightforward that it's scary.
 The southern style wasn't stupid.
 What do I care about the future?
 At the current stage, there were a large number of divine powers. If he did not improve, he would be suppressed by divine powers.
 It didn't matter what path he took, as long as he could continue.
 Who cares about the result!
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com To be able to strengthen oneself was a good path. As more people walked it, it naturally became a great path to heaven.
 At the side, lightsaber frowned."I have a question. Does this mean that we have to break the superpower lock? are there any restrictions on this?" For example, if I'm saturated with 8 veins, I can only break 8? Or could it be that as many as you find, you can break it at will, and it's the same for the saturation?"
 Li Hao was experienced in this,'those that aren't saturated can also collapse ... But after they collapse, the divine ability formed will be much weaker! Not only that, since the superpower lock is not fully saturated, the body, blood essence, and other aspects are much weaker. "
 "So you're saying that even if I walk the same path as you guys, whoever has the most saturated superpower lock will be the stronger one?"
 Li Hao nodded.
 This was only natural!
 What else?
 You've directly surpassed others?
 How was that possible?
 The degree of saturation of the superpower lock actually represents the strength of the blood, flesh, divine will, and the five internal organs. If you are not fully saturated, you can break it, but your body may not be able to withstand it.
 Moreover, to form the divine text, one's essence, spirit, and soul must be United. If your essence, spirit, and soul were too weak, you wouldn't be able to form the divine text.
 It wasn't like breaking the superpower lock would allow him to become a god art.
 "I'll let you guys experience it!"
 Li Hao didn't say much. A "fire" character appeared, and a fierce tiger floated in the air. It was originally dull, but suddenly, flames soared into the sky!
 The next moment, the Tiger disappeared. When it reappeared, it was already at the top of Nan Quan's head.
 Nan Quan's heart skipped a beat as he raised his hand and punched out!
 BOOM!
 The Tiger disappeared, and Nan Quan retracted his fist. He looked at his own hand and frowned slightly."What scorching fire energy!"
 At this moment, his fist was actually a little scorched.
 What a powerful fire energy!
  At this moment, hou Xiaochen also made a grabbing motion with his hand, and a Phoenix of fire appeared and shot towards the Tiger.  He also broke the SuperLock. At this time, the fire Phoenix also had fire god art. It collided with the Tiger and in an instant, the fire Phoenix was torn apart by the Tiger.
 !
 Hou Xiaochen seemed to be deep in thought."It's not just beautiful. The key is that the power is more condensed and easier to control. It's more powerful than other abilities of the same level. It combines the mysterious energy and momentum, and it even feels like inner force, blood Qi, and divine intent have all fused into one. In terms of quality, it's even stronger than the mysterious energy!"
 With just one exchange, he had sensed many things.
 Tian Jian didn't hold back either. A beam of sword Qi shot out. Although it had no power, it was still sword will. It clashed with the Tiger.
 "Interesting. Last time, your teacher told me to fuse the five meridians together. Look at you. You're not fusing the five meridians. You're fusing your essence, energy, and spirit. Your inner strength, divine intent, and divine power ..."
 He nodded."That's a good idea. It should be related to the secret art of Saturn city that those people used last time, right?"
 "En!"
 Li Hao nodded."Yes. It's also related to my master's breathing technique of five birds and the bloodblade technique. It's a hodgepodge. I'm still deducing more things."
 He didn't dare to say this before, but after reading Yuan Ping's Chronicles, Li Hao had gained a lot of insight.
 He didn't say anything. The next moment, a "water" character appeared.
 This time, it wasn't just water force, but the fusion of "water" and "fire." This time, they truly fused together. There was a slight rejection, but Li Hao forcibly suppressed it.
 The next moment, a special power of water and fire fused together. BOOM!
 He threw it directly at Nanquan ... In the blink of an eye, Nanquan turned into black charcoal.
 Nan Quan's eyes were still blinking and his fist was still extended. At this time, his face was dazed. After a while, he said,""F * ck!"
 What was going on?
 It was at least twice as strong as the single word from before!
 Li Hao laughed."I made some gains in the remains, so I gave it a try. It's also my first time. Please don't blame me, uncle-master Nanquan!"
 The southern Fist was speechless!
  Hong Yitang's eyes flickered and he smiled.""Interesting, how about mine?"
 The next moment, the word 'sword' appeared.
 The sword intent shook and instantly turned into lightning. Before everyone could come to their senses, the lightning turned into flames, and the flames turned into a huge mountain in the blink of an eye ...
 The change was very fast!
 Unlike Li Hao, he didn't fuse them. Instead, he used various techniques that were at his fingertips. In the blink of an eye, he had a myriad of changes, and the various techniques didn't conflict with each other!
 This scene caused the others to gasp.
 Li Hao and Hong Yitang seemed to be different.
 But no matter what, they still saw something different.
 "This ... Is this a Martial Master? Or is it a superpower?"
 Li Hao shook his head."I don't know. It's a kind of fusion. Like I said, a hodgepodge!" It's not quite the same as martial masters or superpowers. If you want to talk about a new path ... It's actually just like this now. I don't think it's considered a new path. However, it can indeed solve the external problem of the mysterious energy ..."

 This was the only way to solve this problem!
 "Actually, there's still one crucial point that hasn't been resolved yet!"
 "A problem with the body!" Li Hao frowned.
 That's right. Li Hao felt that if he wanted to continue on this path smoothly, he had to solve this problem to be considered successful. Otherwise, what kind of new path would he take?
 Even if this Dao was more suitable for everyone, their bodies were still weak. Every time they advanced, they had to use the spring of life to protect their five internal organs and their bodies ... If this problem was not solved, when would they lose their sword energy and monster plants?
 He was too dependent on the monster plant!
 This problem didn't exist in ancient martial arts, which was why the Dao of ancient martial arts was a path that led to the great Dao. However, it wasn't suitable for people to cultivate it now unless they were like director Zhou and had their bodies modified by a strong expert.
 Then he wouldn't be who he was today!
 You can't change the bodies of tens of billions of people in the world, can you?
 Then do you still need to create a new Dao?
  This was the biggest problem Li Hao had encountered so far. He didn't know how to solve it. Hong Yitang said that he could condense divine text to solve it.
 The divine text was related to the Super Lock, and Li Hao's wind and thunder superpowers were both to strengthen the body and blood ... But they were not effective either, right?
 Could it be that there are other superpower locks in his body that strengthen the entire body?
 Nan Quan didn't care,"what kind of problem is this?" We're all facing this problem, and at this stage, we should try to solve it. At least, we can solve the external problem of the mysterious energy ... It's already very impressive!"
 This was the truth!
 He didn't expect Li Hao to be so unsatisfied that he even wanted to solve the problem of his body.
 Li Hao laughed."That's true ... But the problem of the body ... I think, maybe ... Maybe there's a way. I think my teacher's breathing technique of five birds might be a key ... But it's still not perfect."
 He felt that the breathing technique of five birds could solve this problem.
 However, at the moment, the effect was too slow!
 It wasn't that obvious.
 The human body was a great treasure, and it wasn't developed enough. The breathing technique of five birds only developed the five internal organs, which wasn't enough. Li Hao felt that his teacher's scope was too small. If his teacher integrated dozens of secret techniques, perhaps he could strengthen everything ...
 Yes, he felt that he should look for his teacher and tell him not to run around. He should think more about how to integrate the seventy or eighty secret Arts. One to strengthen the limbs, one to strengthen the brain, one to strengthen the bones, one to strengthen the blood and Qi ...
 Wouldn't the breathing technique of five birds directly strengthen his entire body if he fused them all?
 A teacher should work hard in this direction!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Everyone thought about it and nodded.
 "Your teacher said last time that it's a good idea to fuse the five superpower locks and feed them to yourself ..." Sky sword said."Now that you've separated the superpower locks and turned each of them into a word ... Then, according to your teacher's theory, if you connect the words together, isn't it equivalent to fusing all the superpower locks in your body? Will that solve the problem of the body?"
 Li Hao's heart stirred. Skysword's considerations did make sense.  "I can give it a try ... But at the moment ... Even I haven't fused that many superpower locks. I still need time!"
 "Even if you succeed ..." He added,"I think it's still a problem. After all, you still have to go through this process in the early stages."
 "Don't be so conflicted!"
 Nan Quan said gloomily,"hurry up and tell me what to do!" As for the solution ... With more people cultivating it, everyone will have their own ideas. I think that only with more people can we quickly find a solution to the problem!"
 There was nothing wrong with this!
 Li Hao laughed."Uncle-master Nanquan is right. However, uncle-master, why don't you think about it? are you willing to break the Super Lock?"
 Nan Quan snorted coldly.
 Consider, my ass!
 What time was it?
 If he didn't follow them, he suspected that he would become the next golden spear. He would be miserable and have no choice but to run away in the end. He might even die in some desolate place without leaving a corpse behind.
 "Silver Moon Martial Master, what you cultivate is the heart, not just inner strength. Be more heroic and do what you need to do!"
 Li Hao agreed with him.
 He didn't say much and quickly explained the entire process.
 Everyone listened in silence. It wasn't too difficult.
 This was how the path of cultivation should be.
 If it was too difficult and not suitable for everyone, how could it be called a path of cultivation?
  He should be able to learn everything. This was a new Dao.
 "I need a lot of spring of life!"
 Tian Jian frowned,"I do have some spring water of life, but ... It might not be enough!" According to what you said, even if it's less than the others, it's still a big number. "
 The consumption was indeed quite large!
 Of course, he already had two Sacred Arts, and now he even had three Sacred Arts. His body had already been strengthened, but this time, it was a process of devouring life force, so he needed the spring of life to replenish it.
 Now, he understood why Li Hao had said that the body and vitality were both problems.
 "Don't worry, I have it!"Li Hao laughed.
 The sapling had been helping him convert these days.
 Previously, it was just to pay the fine, but now that the fine was no longer needed, of course, they did not lack the spring of life.
 This time, he had killed so many people. Other than the hammer from the Hong family, his biggest gain was the divine power stones. Black Panther had probably collected about 55 million. The others were mostly poor, but the master of the sky ROC mountain, who was the first to be killed, was not poor.

 None of the forces seemed to have asked him to pay. He actually brought five million divine power stones, which Li Hao took advantage of.
 Including the others, he had earned a total of 65 million Yuan this time, which was less than what he had expected. However, Li Hao felt that it was worth it to spend 50 million Yuan to learn from Yuan Ping!
 As for the little tree, Li Hao now knew that its successful bid was probably only around 3000 Yuan, because the little tree had later bid 4000 Yuan.
 Of course, he also needed to recover and cultivate.
 In fact, Li Hao didn't intend to embezzle it. Even if it cost 10000 Yuan per drop, his harvest this time could be exchanged for 6500 drops, which was an astronomical figure. However ... The sapling couldn't help him convert all the time. It needed to recover and cultivate.
 Skysword wanted to say something, but Li Hao smiled."This time entering the ruins, senior has put in a lot of effort, it's not like you didn't put in any effort! The ones who didn't contribute ..."
 "Stop looking at me!"
 "What are you looking at me for?" Nan Quan was ashamed and angry. Can I give you 20 drops? I'll give you all my assets!"
 And it was from Li Hao!
 "If I remember correctly, uncle master Nanquan has at least 25 drops ..." Li Hao said with a faint smile.
  Southern Fist almost vomited blood. You still remember this?
 Yes, Li Hao did give it to me before, but I forgot about it.
 Do you have to empty it out?
 He was a little depressed. 'I'm also contributing by staying in stellarsky city!'
 "That ... That radiant sword ..."
 Sword of Light pulled a long face. At least Southern Fist still had some savings. As for her ... She really didn't have any. If she had any, she would have used it long ago. Why would she wait until now?
 Damn Southern Fist, why do you have to scold me now?
 Li Hao laughed."Alright, I'm just joking. I'll still need your help next. Since you've received benefits, you have to contribute and make an equivalent exchange. This is also what the Marquis Department often says. It's also a common saying in ancient martial arts that martial artists must fight for their own things. You can only get rewards if you put in effort. There will definitely be a big battle next!"
 One hundred percent!
 He had to go down to the ruins, deal with the city of superpower, the nine divisions, the three major organizations, and the seven sacred mountains ...
 How could they do without enough powerhouses?
 Now that their superpowers were advancing their god art without any restraint, they couldn't fall behind.
 "Let's not talk about this. Let's cultivate first ... And complete the condensation of the divine power characters."
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"after it's done ... It'll depend on the situation. It'll depend on how many types of divine abilities you can withstand. Don't be afraid of consumption. It'll be best if you can cultivate them to the extreme ... Next, I'm interested in attacking the monster plants in the ruins!" I'll test my strength and defeat the monster plants ... Not only will I gain a lot, I'll also have the confidence to deal with the other major forces!"
 "First deal with the monster plants?" director Zhou couldn't help but ask.
 This fellow, why did you choose the stronger one first?
  Li Hao nodded."There's no other reason. The monster plant hasn't recovered to its peak. The longer it has been here, the stronger its recovery will be!" At the current stage, it's actually easier to deal with!" This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Humans were living beings, and they were wary of Li Hao.
 However, the monster plants were not well-connected and only knew that the humans in the outside world were very weak. At first glance, they would probably think that the other party was here to seek cooperation. After all, there was a precedent of the nine divisions.
 Director Zhou continued,"then ... Are you sure you want to deal with these monster plants from the ancient civilization?" I thought you would choose to cooperate ..."
 "That also depends on the situation!"
 "Hehe." Li Hao sneered."Let's not talk about anything else. This time, seven monster plants chose to kill me ... These seven don't have any cooperative relationship! You wanted to kill me for a few divine power stones ... Of course I would fight back!"
 In fact, Li Hao was not hostile to the ancient civilization, even though his teacher had reminded him several times that the ancient civilization was different from the modern civilization and that he had to be careful.
 Li Hao had a good impression of heaven battling city.
 However, this time ... He was really full of malice towards the seven great monster plants.
 If you want to kill me ... Then I'll kill you!
 "Director Zhou, your side ..."
 Director Zhou smiled and shook his head."Don't worry about me. I don't have the superpower lock and can't cultivate like you guys for now. I'm doing pretty well now ... However, after killing the monster plant, I can absorb some of its Origin Energy. This is good for me!"
 That was true!
 Taking the path of ancient martial arts and absorbing a little power of origin might not be able to walk onto the great Dao of origin, but it should be helpful.
 Everyone was surprised that he did not have a superpower lock. However, they understood that it was normal.
 He had already become an ancient warrior, so why would he still have a Super Lock?
  Director Zhou continued,"you guys cultivate. I'll go out to handle some trivial matters. If you're prepared to attack the monster plants ... I can help." Also, don't forget that the opening ceremony is the day after tomorrow. Don't miss it. Although it doesn't matter now, we must let everyone see that we are a public family, not a private martial arts school!"
 Everyone nodded their heads. That was true, they had almost forgotten.
 "Should I call Yao si over?"
 "He's not weak either,"hou Xiaochen said,"he's quite powerful. If he can successfully cultivate it, he'll be a four or five-element divine ability expert at the very least!"
 Yao SI's Martial Master strength even surpassed hou Xiaochen and Hong Yitang 's.
 If he was willing to break the superpower lock, he would definitely be a top-tier expert.
 Li Hao laughed."He's probably not happy. I've shown him before. He never said he wanted to convert ..."
 Hou Xiaochen chuckled.
 ,m The others also laughed.  Director Zhou didn't know whether to laugh or cry,"you're too young. Yao SI's skin isn't as thick as Nan Quan 's, but since he chose to side with you, it means that he has a good view of this path. Since he has a good view of it...Do you think he won't be willing?" Only, Yao si and you can't be considered close. If you don't say, could he take the initiative to ask like Nanquan? They could only be in a stalemate. If you don't take the initiative to bring it up to him ... He'll only bring it up until he dies, or when he becomes familiar with you. "

 "Is it like this?"
 Li Hao was a little surprised, but after thinking for a while, he felt that it made sense.
 He really thought that Yao Si was unwilling.
 "I'll be right back. I'll ask about the situation ... Also, with so many people cultivating, it's best if we find a quiet place to condense our divine arts. Otherwise, it'll be too loud."
 He had to find a suitable place.
 This place was not suitable.
 It wasn't good to go too far.
 Li Hao thought for a moment."I'll go to the western suburbs later to see if I can go in again. If I can, I'll go in again. The remains might be good for training ..."
 Hou Xiaochen and the others looked at him in shock.
 Are you crazy?
  It's not like you don't know how powerful hei Teng is in the ruins over there, and you still want to go?
 Was he looking for trouble?
 Li Hao laughed."We're now official students. He said that official students can come and go ... We're bringing a few friends in without destroying anything. Are you going to kill us?" It's near and safe, and no one else can interfere with it. There's only a group of puppets ... And hei Teng. At this stage, I don't think anyone can break into this ruin!"
 Everyone could only say that this fellow was extremely daring.
 The southern Fist didn't enter, so he didn't understand. At this moment, he asked curiously,""There are experts inside?"
 "Of course!"
 "Four hundred puppets?" Li Hao smiled."A black-armored general or a teacher?"
 "Very strong?"
 "Un, it won't be a problem for any puppet to kill you!"
 Southern Fist's mouth was wide open!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com I'll go!
 Was there a need to?
 It's so dangerous, and you still want to go?
 What a crazy kid!
 ……
 The night patrolman.
 When Li Hao arrived, Yao Si was also dealing with official business. Recently, he had a lot of things to do. The night patrolman was preparing to join the Heavenly Star military governor's office, so he had a lot of things to do. The various branches under him were all looking for trouble.
 Some places even chose to join the local Overlord forces, which was very troublesome.
 Seeing Li Hao, Yao si glanced at him, somewhat unhappy.
 You're quite free!
 He only knew how to fight and kill, and didn't care about anything else!
 "Is there something?"
 "Are you interested in cultivating a new Dao?"
 Yao si said indifferently,"the kind that can be turned into words?."
 "Yes,"
 Yao si touched his small beard: "If I were to cultivate, what level would I be able to reach?"
 "I'll guarantee a minimum of four elements!"
 "Let's go!"
 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless. Looking at him, Yao si frowned. "What's wrong? Come on, let's find a place to cultivate and make less noise. As a Martial Master, you have to be decisive. As an Overlord, you also have to be decisive!"
 “……”
 Li Hao chuckled. Just as the others had said, this person ... Was really waiting for him to take the initiative.
 So, if I don't say it, you won 't?
 "Conversion, the consumption is huge ..."
  Yao si impatiently said,"I've already sold my life to you, have you given me any benefits?" Have you given me the membership fee and settling-in fee? If I don't say it, you won't take it seriously? As a top-notch Martial Master, I chose to join your camp, and I even brought a large force with me. Have you performed well?"  He didn't show any performance at all!
 You have the nerve to tell me that you've consumed a lot?
 You didn't get any benefits this time?
 I'm working for you, so of course you have to give me a reward!
 Li Hao was stunned. After thinking for a while, he realized that it was true!
 Even death criminals had to be fed when their heads were cut off.
 Thinking of this, he patted his head."The last time I killed those nobles ... Did I forget to give them a farewell meal?"
 “……”
 Yao Si was speechless.
 What do you mean by that?
 Do you think I'm a death row convict?
 He didn't like to hear these words!
 Li Hao laughed."Let's go!"
 After that, the two of them left. Xiao Ye hurriedly said,""The governor has left?"
 "Yes."
 Xiao Ye felt a little regretful."I've made the tea ..."
 Seeing that Li Hao was about to leave, he could only say,"next time you come, I'll make you some tea."
 Li Hao smiled and nodded.
 Yao si followed him all the way, and Xiao Ye also sent him off. When she saw Li Hao leave, she felt a little regretful. However, when she saw Yao si leaving with him, she immediately became anxious."Minister, where are you going?"
 "I'm working!"
 Yao Si was expressionless!
 Did you just realize that I'm leaving?
 Are you my Secretary?
 You must be Li Hao's Secretary!
 This Secretary can't stay!
 "Oh oh oh, take care, Minister!"
 Xiao Ye came back to her senses and didn't mind. It wouldn't be a big problem to walk with Governor li.
 Yao si almost vomited blood in anger. He glanced at Li Hao, who had an innocent look on his face. Why are you looking at me?
 Besides, you're already so old, why are you still jealous of this?
 It was ridiculous!
 ……
 When he met up with hou Xiaochen and the others, there was one more person, Chief Steward Yu.
 Old hou did not forget about his Secretary.
  However, Chief Steward Yu was indeed qualified to convert them. At this stage, Li Hao only chose those martial masters who had reached their limits and entered the saturated stage of Super Lock to convert. If these people were successfully converted, they would become magical powers.
 As for Liu Long and the others ... They weren't in a hurry. Even if they successfully converted, it wouldn't become a divine power. It might only be comparable to the three suns rising light. It didn't matter whether they converted or not.
 The group of people set off together and headed straight to the western suburbs.
 This time, it once again attracted the attention of a large number of experts.
 When they saw them heading straight for the western suburbs, they all frowned slightly. Were they going to enter Yuanping martial arts university again?
 Was it to collect benefits or what?
 In fact, they had tried to send people in to take a look, but they were all suicide squads, only to find that they couldn't enter. Could it be that ... Li Hao had taken over the remains?
 ……
 The Financial Secretary.
 "He's gone again ..." Liu Yunqing frowned."That place is extremely dangerous ... Did he reach an agreement with the powerhouses in the martial arts university?"

 "Other than those powerful puppets ... Could it be that there are intelligent monster plants or other powerful beings that have been revived?"
 If that was the case, Li Hao would be even more difficult to deal with.
 After thinking for a while, he didn't say anything.
 Now, the financial division's losses were considered small. At least, they did not fall. Li Hao and the others had openly run away, and no one dared to do anything to those who stayed.
 ……
 Yuanping martial arts university.
 In the middle of the field, a black skeleton was sleeping in a huge pit.
 He suddenly opened his eyes and looked into the distance.
 "I'm student Li Hao. I've returned to the school to cultivate. I brought a few friends with me to cultivate and comprehend martial arts together. Is that alright?"
 “……”
  Blackpeak was speechless.
 This guy was really bold!
 He had thought that Li Hao would never dare to enter again in his life. He didn't expect that in less than a day ... Li Hao would come again!
 His guts ... Were really fat!
 "It's up to you, but remember ... Non-students are not allowed to enter the school grounds. Just wait at the entrance!" Also ... If you destroy anything, don't forget to pay the fine. You'd better pay the fine earlier, otherwise ... It'll be interest!"
 Li Hao was startled. Interest?
 "Is the interest ... High?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "An annual interest of 36% isn't considered high."
 Li Hao was stunned. Damn, this isn't high?
 This was a usury!
 The fine last time was 55 million Yuan. If this continued for a year ... Li Hao's scalp was numb. The interest was close to 20 million Yuan a year. How black-hearted!
 But one year ... Well, it's not a bad idea to delay it for a year. After a year, maybe 20 million Yuan will not be worth much.
 It was pretty good!
 "Thank you, senior!" Li Hao thought and smiled.
 Then, he disappeared instantly and went out.
 After a while, a group of people entered.  They didn't enter the campus and just waited outside the gate. Hei Teng hovered in the air and watched silently. Soon, he felt different auras erupting. After watching for a while, he roughly knew what they were going to do.
 At this moment, in several teaching buildings, some puppets were also looking out of the windows. They were all curious, but Li Hao didn't notice.
 Gradually, some puppets started to patrol the school gate.
 At the same time, the puppets at the entrance also opened their eyes.
 At this moment, Li Hao vaguely felt that many people were looking at him. He turned his head, but there was nothing unusual ... He couldn't help but Mutter to himself,"hei Teng's gaze is really vicious!"
 He felt as if there were hundreds of people staring at him.
 The golems, dolls, and even hei Teng were all watching in silence.
 Hei Teng felt it even more clearly. At this moment, he could clearly feel some changes. It wasn't here, but the outside world. It seemed to have loosened up a little. This loosening was the loosening of the suppression on them.
 The space outside seemed to have stabilized a little.
 "Is it related to these words? It's very similar to the unique skills of Star Town City, but ... It's integrated with essence, Qi, spirit, and vitality, so it's suitable for them ... It's a new Dao. So, is this world starting to recover by itself?"
 He was still a little shocked as he thought about it.
 If that was the case ... This world would probably be able to recover to the scale of his era in the near future.
 "As more and more people cultivate this Dao, perhaps a unique cultivation method will be formed very soon ... A new Dao similar to the essence Dao or the new Dao of the inner world will be formed ..."
 In the ancient civilization era, the Dao of origin was the great Dao in the early stage of neo martial arts. The great Dao in the late stage was the Dao of the inner world created by the human King. However, it was very difficult. Many of the older generation of neo martial artists still cultivated the Dao of origin.
 Now ... These people seemed to be cultivating another path.
  This was interesting!
 However, he could also see that it was not perfect and needed the help of external objects. This was not a good sign.
 "It would be even better if I could use it with the Golden body!"
 Hei Teng thought to himself that he could develop a physical body cultivation method on his own. Otherwise, this method wouldn't be suitable for widespread use.
 At this moment, Li Hao and the others didn't care about this. They madly surged mysterious energy and consumed a large amount of spring of life.
 One by one, their auras skyrocketed!
 The words floated in the air!
 This time, everyone's strength surged. Even Li Hao himself was trying to draw a divine rune. Now that metal, water, and fire had all appeared, he very much hoped to solve the remaining earth.
 If he succeeded, he could barely be considered a seven-elemental sacred art. It was just that the wind and lightning didn't give him power.
 Li Hao kept trying, hoping to succeed. Even if he succeeded, he would have a chance to fight against Qi Pingjiang. He was still slightly inferior, and he didn't like to be threatened.

 Yuanping martial arts university.
 The puppets stuck their heads out and looked around. They were all very curious, like a group of curious babies, staring at the group of people outside the school.
 At the school gate.
 Everyone stopped their cultivation one after another. Some frowned, some focused, and some were indignant.
 For example, the southern Fist.
 At this moment, Southern Fist was frowning in dissatisfaction. Li Hao's divine way didn't seem to be perfect, at least for him.
 For example, one type of power could only consolidate one divine text.
 As a result, almost all of them had a single divine rune.
 However, it was difficult for them to be as ever-changing as Hong Yitang, so the changes were not enough. The southern Fist condensed a divine text with the word "fist" and integrated three divine powers into it.
 They were fire, metal, and earth.
  It was indeed powerful to fuse three types of divine arts into one divine text. Nan Quan felt that it should not be any weaker than the three types of divine arts, but ... He could not achieve the transformation that Hong Yitang had.
 Now, when he punched out, it was a fusion of three types of divine arts. He wasn't like Hong Yitang, who could separate fire, metal, and other divine arts.
 In this way, he was actually similar to a Martial Master.
 However, his inner strength had been replaced by the power of a fusion god art.
 In fact, this was not bad.
 However, when he saw that Li Hao could condense them one by one and Hong Yitang could transform into a myriad of forms, while he ... Could only use them together, Southern Fist was naturally displeased.
 Also, he was unhappy that he had only fused three Sacred Arts.
 He felt that he had improved a lot recently.
 He might not be worse than anyone, not even hou Xiaochen or Yao si.
 However, the truth was a slap to his face. He had only fused three divine powers into it.
 The light sword at the side ... Well, it was not bad. There were three god art, but Southern Fist was too lazy to compare with her. The light sword was a little special. At this moment, it actually condensed two god art, light and darkness, as well as a wood-type god art.
 This meant that the radiant sword had only used one of its five organs. This meant that the other party had more room for improvement than him.
 At least, he did not find the light and darkness lock.
 Therefore, even though he only had three elements, he might even have four or five elements after some time.
 Hou Xiaochen didn't say a word, but he could tell that the word that his opponent had condensed contained at least four Sacred Arts. Furthermore ... Hou Xiaochen had not condensed the word "spear."
 This guy had created a spear!
 Yes, it was not a single word.
  It was just a gun!  This was a little strange!
 In fact, Li Hao and the others were all looking at hou Xiaochen. A spear was floating in front of hou Xiaochen, which looked like a text spear.
 Seeing that everyone was looking at him, hou Xiaochen chuckled, "It's just a sudden thought. The language is not unified. The ancient language is different from today's language, so the language is not fixed. I think ... In the distant era, humans did not know how to write and only used some simple symbols to replace the language ... Then, isn't my kind also a language?"
 The words were not the key.
 The key was that the intention was within!
 Weren't spear-shaped characters also characters?
 The key was to integrate one's will into it.
 Li Hao kept nodding his head. He was a little moved and enlightened. As expected, these geniuses all had their own thoughts. Hou Xiaochen was right. Of course, words were only external. The key was whether the power had changed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hou Xiaochen didn't say anything as he struck out with his spear!
 He didn't use the fire Phoenix spear. He just held the word spear and struck out. At this moment, everyone felt that their minds were split open. An indescribable pressure pressed down on the weaker experts, causing their expressions to change.
 Hou Xiaochen pulled back his spear, and the spear of words disappeared. Li Hao took a deep breath."This ... The soul splitting intent seems to have become stronger. Did hou bu fuse the superpower lock that represents the divine intent into his head?"
 It was said that the superpower lock in the head represented the strength of the Divine Will, which was also the strength of the spiritual power mentioned by the ancient people.
 Hou Xiaochen's soul-splitting spear intent had always been powerful. Could it be that he'd infused it with the Super Lock this time?
 Hou Xiaochen laughed and shook his head."It's too dangerous. I'm not ready to fuse it yet. It's just that the spear intent has stabilized with the divine power and the text is contained within, so it doesn't put too much pressure on the body. That's why it's easier to use the spear intent."
 "There's actually another great benefit to this method of condensing divine text ..."He said thoughtfully.
 He looked at Li Hao, pondered for a while, and said,""If you want to walk the path of multiple forces, you must avoid the interference of other forces the most ... You can fuse your forces with the characters and completely restrain them ... When all the five Forces in your five internal organs are restrained, you can try to comprehend other forces. It's very easy."
  For a genius like Li Hao, it wasn't difficult to comprehend a force!
 It really wasn't difficult.
 Li Hao had just started learning martial arts, but he had already comprehended the terrain. How long had he been in touch with martial arts at that time?
 The difficult part was that after comprehending multiple types of Shi, there would be interference between the Shi.
 But what if there was no interference?
 "Including us!" He added.
 He looked at the others."Shi can merge with the characters. If we want to, we can easily comprehend the next type of Shi. Then, we can merge the characters and comprehend the next type. Without the interference of Shi, we can easily comprehend the next type."
 Everyone's hearts stirred when they heard this.
 Nan Quan also kept raising his eyebrows.
 Tian Jian said indifferently,"not everyone is suited to take multiple stances, one is enough!" My momentum is the sword, and the sword momentum is the only one! Sometimes, the pureness and complexity still lead to the same destination!"

 Hong Yitang also nodded slightly."It depends on the individual's choice. Minister hou is right. Now is actually the best time to comprehend force. The divine text suppresses force and removes the interference of other forces, so it's easier to comprehend. For example, if Li Hao practices some secret techniques, he may be able to comprehend another kind of force very quickly."
 "But ... I don't recommend the others to comprehend multiple types of Shi, but the light sword ..."
 He looked at the light sword."You can comprehend one more. Dark force!"
 He gave some suggestions."You have the power of light, and light and darkness rotate. For the people present, coordinating other things won't help much. But for you ... I think it should be quite effective."
 The light sword seemed to be deep in thought. In the next moment, it looked at him."Do you think I've become prettier recently, so you have other thoughts?"
 “……”
 The scene instantly fell silent.
 The group of people looked up at the sky, no one speaking.
 The light sword ... He's so confident recently!
 At the side, Yao si saw that they were chatting enthusiastically and smiled. He had also dealt with this group of Silver Moon martial masters before. On the surface, they were all fiery and cold, but in private, they were a little ... Sand sculpture!
  "Actually, these are not the key points," Yao si said."Don't you guys think that at this stage, the most important point is actually ... The superpower lock?"
 Everyone looked at him.
 "Today, the number of super locks will determine the number of divine powers that will be integrated."
 "Be it martial masters or supers, at the current stage, there are only 14 superpower locks on the limbs, internal organs, lightning, wind, light, and darkness, and the head."
 "Four of them, the four limb superpower lock, is actually a Foundation. The four limb superpower lock is a solid foundation. To be honest ... Whether it's US, supers, or martial masters ... In the end, there are only 10 types of god art power, right?"
 He looked at the crowd."It may seem far, but it is not necessarily that far. So ... At this stage, I think the most important thing is to find more Ultra-Lock and communicate with them. For example, I actually did not find the light and darkness Ultra-Lock."
 He felt that since everyone's focus of cultivation was different, perhaps they could communicate and see if they could find more super locks.
 "You're in such a hurry ..." Nan Quan couldn't help but say,"don't tell me ... You've already finished cultivating everything you've discovered?"
 Yao si laughed."It's not that exaggerated. Previously, I had 11 meridians full. Other than my four limbs, I still have 7 meridians left. Currently, I've only completed the convergence of the five organs 'divine arts. I'm not thinking about wind and thunder for now. It's more reliable to fuse the five organs' divine arts to form the five elements Divine Art."
 Everyone looked at him in surprise.
 The five internal organs had completed their circulation?
 This old man ... Was really not weak.
 The five internal organs were weaker than the flesh and bones. Some people chose other attributes first, mainly because the five internal organs could not withstand five outbursts. The pressure was too great.
 Even though the Holy prose was reserved, it would still explode when you attacked.
  Can you guarantee that your five internal organs won't be devoured by your actions? This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This person didn't seem to be afraid.
 Yao si laughed."Don't look at me like that. After all, I've cultivated the five internal organs much earlier than you. I'm the oldest among you, even ten years older than Yuan Shuo. I can be considered a Martial Master of the previous generation."
 He was much older than these people.
 Hearing this, Li Hao felt that a relationship of over 80 was indeed not small.
 "The divine power of the five internal organs and five elements converged ... Minister Yao, do you think there are any special changes?"
 Yao si considered for a moment and nodded,"there are!" But ... I'm still lacking something. "
 He looked at Li Hao."If you ask your teacher to make the breathing technique of five birds public, let's see if the magical powers of the five internal organs can be completely integrated. If they can be completely integrated ... I think there will be greater changes."
 After he finished, he smiled and said,"what about you?" You still haven't finished fusing the five organs?"
 Li Hao shook his head."I shouldn't have broken the wind and thunder God art. It's a bit weak, and I don't have any aura to complement it. In the end, it increased my burden. This time, I only completed the fusion of the Earth series Super Lock ..."
 He felt a little regretful.
 In fact, he also wanted to try to break the chains of the five internal organs.
 However, the wind and thunder had already caused a great burden on him. When he tried to break the wood-elemental Super Lock, he instantly felt an extremely powerful pressure that almost crushed him!
 "Seven types of divine abilities ..." Li Hao said after some thought."We can't enter rashly!"
  He looked at the crowd."According to the division of ancient martial arts, seven elements is almost the peak. It can tear space. But now, the space outside is unstable. I think ... Our physical bodies and internal organs are not enough to support us to reach seven elements quickly!"
 "Even you can 't?" Tian Jian was surprised.
 Li Hao had countless swords to help him, but he couldn't even use the spring of life?
 ? Li Hao thought for a moment and said, the key is still the physical body!
 "The only way is to solve this problem ..." He said in a deep voice."It's not a problem anymore. Everyone, go back and think about it. One person's plans are short."
 He wasn't a God. He just read more ancient books and had more secret Arts than everyone else, but to say that his brain was really that good ... That might not be the case.
 He wanted to condense a seventh divine ability ... But Li Hao sensed many troublesome existences.
 He felt somewhat helpless!
 However ... It wasn't like there wasn't a way to strengthen it. He could sense force through wind and thunder!
 Although there was still some wood force that had yet to be completely absorbed, it had been integrated into the superpower lock and entered a state of deathly stillness. In fact, it was almost the same. At this time, the mysterious energy in his body had been completely absorbed. It was indeed a good opportunity to comprehend force.

 He comprehended the power of wind and lightning and then outlined the wind and lightning sacred art.
 In the end, the 'destruction' formed by the sword force could lead to the combination of all the divine ability characters. Would it be able to burst out with unparalleled power and complete the magnificent feat of killing seven divine abilities even if there were six divine abilities?
 Perhaps ... There was hope!
 As for the power of wind and thunder, Li Hao thought of something,"back then, among the seven Swordsmen, there was the wind and thunder swordsman! It seems like the wind and thunder sword, luosheng sword, and Shadowless Sword were all killed by my teacher. That wind and thunder sword......Does the secret technique still exist in this world?"
 At this stage, the easiest way to comprehend force was to cultivate a secret skill that could directly reach it. When the time came, if you were slightly more talented, you would be able to comprehend it easily.
 The wind lightning sword ... It was said that it specialized in the power of wind and lightning!
 This was simply too fitting!
 The sword and the wind and thunder were definitely the best choice. However, his teacher had never passed it on to him before, which meant that his teacher probably didn't have the secret technique of the wind and thunder sword.
 At this moment, Tian Jian was silent for a while before saying,"The wind and lightning sword ... He has a successor in my Heavenly Sword villa! It's just that ... When your master killed his master, he might not be willing to teach you the [Tempest sword technique]."
 Everyone was silent.
  Yuan Shuo, this old man, has killed too many people in the past. Now, it's your disciple's turn to receive retribution.
 Tian Jian continued,"I'll go back and try ... You're right. If you can cultivate The Tempest swordsmanship, you ... With the wind and lightning forming a force, even if your wood force can't break through it in a short time, with The Six Forces and six spirits as one, even ordinary people of the seven elements won't be your match!"
 "Then I'll have to trouble you, senior sky sword!"
 Li Hao smiled."There's no need to force it. The force of wind and thunder involves many secret techniques of wind and thunder. However, the wind and thunder sword might be a secret technique. Two forces are just simpler and more convenient."
 He didn't necessarily have to do this.
 However, no matter how talented Li Hao was, it would take him at least a month to reach the stage of comprehending force from one secret technique. Two secret techniques would take him at least two to three months ...
 He couldn't say this out loud, it would anger him to death.
 However, if he cultivated the wind and thunder sword, he might be able to save one or two months. This was the key. In this stage, one or two months could cause a huge change.
 "You know Shadowless Sword, I'll teach you the light sword ... It'll help you to prepare for your next move to break the light and darkness attribute. One force is enough for us ..." The light sword said.
 Li Hao smiled."Let's exchange. Senior radiance knows the light sword, and I know the Shadowless Sword ... It just so happens that you need a matching dark secret technique!"
 The light sword didn't say much, she really needed it.
 An exchange was not a bad idea.
 Since the two of them were here, it was easy to trade. Soon, Li Hao obtained a secret technique. As for the breathing technique, it was secretly taught by the light sword. This was also a limitation of the older generation of martial masters, who were unwilling to privately teach their own secret breathing technique.
 It was very normal!
  The rules that had been in place for hundreds of years were not something that could be changed easily.  With the manual of light sword and Shadowless Sword, Li Hao's problem with the power of light and darkness was solved, even though Li Hao couldn't break the power of light and darkness yet and could use it later.
 Moreover, he could cultivate and comprehend force first. He didn't have to wait until he broke it before cultivating and comprehending it.
 This time, everyone's gains were not small.
 Li Hao looked around. The light sword and the southern Fist had both reached three magical powers. Sky sword and hou Xiaochen should have reached four magical powers.
 Hong Yitang ... To be honest, Li Hao couldn't tell. His one sword turning into ten thousand forces made people very confused. It wasn't easy to see anything from his divine text, but he had at least four elements.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com There was no need to say anything about Yao si. This old Martial Master was indeed worthy of his deep foundation. He had directly gathered five magical powers.
 As for chief Yu, he had not said a word.
 Li Hao also looked carefully ... And felt a little regretful.
 It seemed to be ... A two-elemental god art?
 How could this be?
 Li Hao frowned slightly. In fact, Chief Steward Yu was not weak. He had been on par with Nanquan before. Why did Nanquan have three elements, while Chief Steward Yu only had two?
 This was only the most basic divine power realm.
 One element ... That's only comparable to Sunglow.
  Seeing Li Hao looking at him, Chief Steward Yu was very calm. He revealed a slight smile. "I've been on the path of superpowers for many years. I only returned to the level of a Martial Master a few days ago. My force is not strong, and I quickly converted it into a god art. The rest are alright, but my force is weak, which restricted me from entering the three elements ... My force is in killing!"
 At this point, Li Hao came to a sudden realization.
 In the past few years, she had been following hou Xiaochen and had killed less. Although she would still fight, most of her time was spent helping hou Xiaochen with trivial matters. As a result, her power was much weaker than before, and her killing intent was not as strong as before.
 But now ... His momentum wasn't strong enough, and he couldn't consolidate the powerful magical text. He could only break through the power of the two elements.
 Hou Xiaochen didn't mind and smiled, "It's fine. You're a master of the Dao of slaughter. Kill more people ... The stronger the people you kill, the faster you'll improve. There'll be more opportunities in the future. With a certain someone here, do you have to worry about not having any opportunities?"
 Chief Steward Yu didn't say anything. By "someone," he was naturally referring to Li Hao.
 Hou Xiaochen was right. As long as there were more battles and more killings, she would be able to improve rapidly. Just like back then, when she left home to take revenge and kill, she would improve rapidly.
 At this moment, Nan Quan finally felt a little comforted and smiled.""Two-elemental god art is not bad. At least, it can defeat those martial masters who can't break the Super Lock ... It's not bad!"
 [Finally, someone weaker than me. Pretty good mood.]
 This group of people had all improved in strength.

