fileno%d
dn't say much. He followed director Qi's instructions and controlled the starry sky sword, obtaining Level 1 authority in the base station.
 The starry sky sword indeed had a high level of authority.
 Before long, Li Hao gained control of the base station. Including the other base stations, he gained control of nine in total.
 At that moment, the base station was revealed.
 Li Hao then took out the broken golden armor and activated it according to his control. He set the authority and adjusted the frequency.
 Soon, he tried to send a message,"uncle master Nanquan, can you receive the signal?"
 They were in the North, and the southern Fist was in the South.
 It was tens of thousands of miles away.
 The signal didn't seem to be too good. After a long time, Nanquan replied,""You've come to the southern continent?"
 Li Hao heaved a sigh of relief.
  At this moment, the appearance of the base station had increased the signal spread.
 Although it was not fully activated, he could already contact people very far away.
 He didn't delay any longer and quickly completed the adjustment.
 He took out a large number of divine power stones and injected energy into them. The base station, which had been dim, suddenly burst into a faint light.
 In the blink of an eye, the base station emitted rays of light. Soon, the base station in front of Li Hao disappeared into the void.
 At the same time, the people who stayed behind in the other eight bases placed a large number of divine power stones in as well. The nine bases all shone with a bright light.
 A moment later, they all disappeared into the void.
 At this time, if one looked down at the starry sky, one would see that the nine base stations were like satellites, surrounding the continent. They emitted faint fluctuations, covering the entire Silvermoon world with a special kind of fluctuation.
 At this moment, Li Hao adjusted the frequency. Except for the armor he had activated, it blocked all signals of other frequencies.
 The frequencies of the nine base stations were also corrected.
 ……
 In an instant, except for Li Hao 's, all the communication jades, other communication systems, and the long-distance signal transmission with the armor in the world lost their function.
 ……
 The man who was leaving the Li Dynasty suddenly looked up at the sky, and his eyes lit up.
 He frowned slightly.
 Beside him, the black-robed experts also stopped when they saw him stop."Sir?"
 The man looked at the sky for a while before saying,""The base station seems to have been reactivated ... Try to send out messages."
 "Yes!"
 The few of them quickly sent out messages, but ... It was like throwing a stone into the ocean, there was no reply at all.
 Then, he took out his armor and sent a message, but it was like a stone sinking into the sea.
 "My Lord, there's no response," someone said in a low voice after a long time.
 The man nodded and looked at the sky again. He frowned.""The control of the base station has been taken away ... It was Li Hao. In the world today, only he, who has the starry sky sword, can do this. No one else has the authority to do so. Unless the Lord of sword city has the Lord seal of sword city, the starry sky sword has the highest authority."  As soon as he said that, the black robes frowned.
 "It's just the control of the base station ..." He quickly said."It ... Won't affect us much, will it?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The impact wasn't too great.
 It was just not as convenient as before. In the past, they could quickly send out messages in all directions with some manpower. Now, the internal armors of the Army might have also weakened the range of the messages.
 In this way, it would be very troublesome to complete the transmission of information from all sides.
 The man frowned."How can there be no impact? sometimes, it's a very troublesome thing to have a message gap!" The world today is different from the world of yesteryear. When experts fall ... There are no major signs of the world changing. If it's covered up, no one will know, and news of it has been blocked ... If something happens again, no one will know. "
 "My Lord, then should we ... Seize the base station now?"
 "It's useless. "
 "No." The man shook his head."We don't have the authority to control it, and the base station is very difficult to destroy."
 He looked up at the sky and said,"if we cause too much of a commotion, we'll be easily exposed. Moreover, at this stage, if we don't come out in person, it won't be so easy to destroy the base stations. The nine base stations were all built by top-notch existences in the past."
 Li Hao had actually taken down nine base stations without a sound.
 He frowned.
 To cut off everyone's contact?
 It was very troublesome.
 But if he really didn't care, it might not be too much trouble.
 "Let's go to the great wilderness and take a look!"
 He didn't say anything else. For now, he would go to the vast wilderness to take a look at the situation.
 The black-robed men did not say anything else and quickly left with the man.
 ……
 At the same time.
 All sources of information had been cut off. Some of the ancient cities had set up some people outside and established some basic communication systems, but at this moment, there were signs of loss of contact.
  Even with the military's armor, this extremely stable communication system had a communication range that was reduced to a hundred miles.
 With fewer arrangements, there was no way to send messages.
 If he set up too many, he would be easily discovered.
 For a moment, everyone was in a heated discussion. They all guessed that Li Hao had taken down the base station, not that it had been destroyed by itself. It had not been destroyed for so many years, so why would it be destroyed now?
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao finally felt slightly relieved.
 Three days.
 It took them three days to complete the capture of the base station. Although it didn't cause much damage to the enemy, at least some of their communications were cut off, which made communication more troublesome.
 This way ... There would be a chance to fight some battles with less information.
 Otherwise, even if he didn't do a live broadcast, the other parties would have received the news after the Western divine Kingdom was destroyed. Even if there were experts hiding and observing in the dark, it would still take time to send a message back.

 On his side, he could instantly send messages to all parties.
 "Everyone, can you receive the message?"
 "Sure!"
 "Received!"
 Li Hao sent a message to the various parties, and soon, the people in charge of the various parties all replied.
 Except for Qian Wuliang, all the other parties had replied.
 Li Hao heaved a sigh of relief and once again sent a message to everyone."Everyone, put down everything you're doing. We'll meet at stellarsky city in the next two days ... Forget it, we'll meet at Silver Moon!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 Soon, more messages came in.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, looked in a certain direction. Today, Qian Wuliang and the others were going to visit the Zheng family's ancient city. It was a very dangerous thing. The Zheng family was most likely a traitor.
  Although the possibility was very high ... Li Hao still wanted to confirm the information.
 In this way, Qian Wuliang and his teacher would be in great danger.
 Previously, he had exposed the matter of the Zheng family head, which might have left behind some trouble.
 Li Hao could only pray that nothing would happen.
 Actually, it was a good idea to deal with the Liu family.
 The Zheng family might not necessarily have to go.
 However, Li Hao knew that his teachers and himself wanted to confirm whether the Zheng family had betrayed them or not.
 ……
 While Li Hao was sending messages to the various parties ...
 The old city of the Zheng family.
 The Zheng family's ancient city was called the boundless city.
 At this moment, in the mayor's mansion, a golden-armored man was receiving Qian Wuliang and the others. He said in an impolite tone,"Li Hao, the Li family's descendant, slandered the head of the Zheng family for betraying neo martial arts. He spoke nonsense during the battle with the Dali King. How dare you come here?"
 The Golden-armored man's tone was cold."The head of the Zheng family left boundless city when the sky changed. He went out to help everyone, and he hasn't returned yet. He might have died long ago, or he might have been trapped somewhere ... You've insulted the Zheng family's reputation. Do you really think the Zheng family is easy to bully?"
  Qian Wuliang sensed his anger and said in a hurry,""Senior, please calm your anger! "The news wasn't spread by the military governor, but ... It was spread by the Vice commander of the Heavenly Star Army, Sun Xin. He did indeed betray neo martial and personally admitted this matter in front of senior Zhang an. He also said that it was the Zheng family's head who led the team ... We actually didn't dare to believe it either. It's just that the military governor was young and was extremely angry that day, so he did this ... We came here to prove the authenticity of the news and to inform all the seniors."  "Maybe Sun Xin was slandering me before he died, or maybe he's trying to confuse us. No matter what ... Let's sit down and talk it out. It'll help us avoid some trouble."
 The Golden-armored man nodded slightly, but he wasn't too angry.
 At this moment, he calmly said,"Sun Xin's betray...Is indeed unexpected." However, the other party's words were definitely slander! The master of the family would never betray him. As a member of the Zheng family, how could he betray neo martial arts? Besides the human King, Star Town was the number one force of neo martial arts! There are many venerable sovereigns, and the new martial artists have all survived. Why would they betray us at this time?"
 "There might be some misunderstanding."
 After saying this, he said coldly,"but Li Hao didn't distinguish right from wrong and spread these words in public. He has ill intentions!" Perhaps someone from the eight great families has betrayed us, but to make such a big fuss, isn't that cutting off our endless city's path of retreat? Hurt the hearts of the soldiers of boundless city? We've guarded this place for countless years. Do you know how great a price we have to pay for betraying this place?"
 "Please calm down, senior," Qian Wuliang said hurriedly,"in fact ... Even the governor can't believe it! When I said those words that day, I was also trying to numb the heart of the true traitor. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Qian Wuliang hesitated for a second and said,""Senior, forgive me for being so bold. If it wasn't for the betrayal of the Zheng family's senior ... That means that the city doesn't have the Heavenly Star mine's mine vein. Can we ... Take a look around the city?"
 "You want to investigate my boundless city?"
 Qian Wuliang said helplessly,"I don't dare to ... But ... It's my duty." It wasn't just the military governor. The seniors from heaven battling city, martial Union, and Star River City all wanted to be certain of one thing. This junior was bold enough to prove this to boundless city! "Now, they don't dare to come rashly because they're worried that there will be a misunderstanding and the harmony will be hurt. The Eight Families are as one ..."
 The Golden-armored man looked at them coldly for a long time before he slowly said,""Originally, you don't have the right! "However, my Zheng family will never betray new martial arts. Forget it, you can go on your own. Remember, you are not allowed to touch a single blade of grass in the city!"
 "I definitely won 't, don't worry, my Lord!"
 Qian Wuliang looked sincere."If we can prove that the Zheng family was wronged, the military governor will go to all places to testify for the Zheng family. Please don't worry."
  "Get out!"
 Jin Jia didn't want to say more.
 Qian Wuliang hurriedly stood up and left, while Yuan Shuo and the others didn't say anything.
 At this moment, he walked out with Qian Wuliang.
 The city was extremely quiet.
 Qian Wuliang didn't hold back. He took a few people and started walking around the city. There were some patrolling soldiers around, but most of them were just remnant thoughts like heaven battling city.
 A small number of high-level existences, such as the copper Yan, had some consciousness. They didn't pay any attention to these people and even had some hostility.
 Because they knew that the Zheng family had been slandered by the Li family descendant.
 Yuan Shuo didn't say much and just looked at it silently.
 If a city had not been destroyed but had always been in a state of recovery, even if it was disguised, it was impossible for people to be in seclusion for 100000 years. They would definitely have some traces of life.

 He looked around, and soon, he had seen almost the entire city.
 In the end, when they reached the outskirts of the city, they saw the huge yet dim Guardian monster plant.
 Looking at the situation, it was obvious that he had not recovered yet.
 It was extremely similar to heaven battling city.
 At this moment, director Zhou and the others looked on silently. They were a little suspicious. From the internal situation of the Zheng family, it seemed like they had just recovered and there were no signs of constant human activity.
 Could it be that ... The ancient city of the Zheng family had not betrayed them?
 The enemy would send out dozens of origin source avatars at any time. Obviously, there were many people who had awakened and many experts. With so many people, there was a 99% chance that they had occupied an ancient city. If they had not occupied the ancient city, they would not be able to withstand the pressure of so many experts to avoid the suppression of heaven and earth.
 Not even small cities!
 Now, other than sword city, they had not gone to berserk Thunder City of the Hong family. If it was not the Zheng family, it could not be the Hong family, right?
 The few of them looked at Yuan Shuo, who shook his head.
  He didn't see anything.
 There were no signs of a large number of people living in the main city.
 As he was thinking, a human face appeared on the trunk of the giant monster plant. It was a little old, but its voice was gentle."The Zheng family will never betray us! We all know that this matter might be related to the song of the Silver City ... Perhaps someone is deliberately misleading you. Sun Xin's words are most likely to cause you to misunderstand the Zheng family. "
 "In the song, it was said that the young master of the Zheng family was a burden ... However, the young masters of the Zheng family were either Dead or Alive, and they went to battle with the sword venerable. The family head still had something to do that day and didn't leave with the sword Saint immediately. However, when the sky changed, he went out. As an expert at the peak of the Saint realm, the family head must have sensed something and chose to go to the rescue instead of killing people in the Heavenly Star Town!"
 "Senior!"
 "Senior," Yuan Shuo bowed slightly,"you mean that the head of the Zheng family might have gone to rescue the Heavenly Star Town, but was killed by the betrayer. Then, he framed the Zheng family?"
 "It's possible. "
 The old man on the tree sighed,""The propagator of the song might be the key! The song and sun Xin's statements echoed one another and they have been plotting for many years. Perhaps ... They have been waiting for this day for a long time, waiting for this day to push the Zheng family into a desperate situation!"
 Yuan Shuo's heart skipped a beat. There was indeed such a possibility.
 In the song, the descriptions of the other seven families were normal, but the Zheng family was not.
 Before sun Xin died, he also gave out many names.
 Among them, the head of the Zheng family was the first to bear the brunt!
 In this way, when it came to the song of the Xun, one would naturally think that the Zheng family had betrayed them. But what if ... The person who spread the Xun was the traitor? what if all of this was to wait for the day of recovery and to get himself out of it in advance?
 He looked at the ancient city of the Zheng family again and then at the surroundings. He frowned.
 From what he could see, there was indeed no sign of a living person living in the ancient city of the Zheng family for many years.
 Strange!
 Could it be the Hong family?
 The Hong family's ancestors were not among the first batch of powerhouses in the neo martial world, unlike the other families who had fought with the human King during the neo martial era. Now, only the Hong family had not seen it.
  In that case, it was very likely that the Hong family had framed them?  Yuan Shuo's mind spun.
 At this moment, the Golden armor appeared and said calmly,""It's not impossible for Li Hao to make an agreement if he wants to confirm the cooperation. However, he needs to clear the name of our Zheng family. Otherwise, we won't work with a guy who slanders our family's honor!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I didn't kill you because I didn't want the misunderstanding to continue to expand. Otherwise ... Li Hao will definitely become the biggest enemy of boundless city for daring to slander my master in public!"
 Yuan Shuo hurriedly said,"I'll pass on the message. Please calm down, senior. Perhaps ... It's really a misunderstanding!" If that's the case ... I'll send Li Hao to every city to explain the Zheng family's actions!"
 "I hope so!"
 The Golden-armored warrior didn't say anything more, and Qian Wuliang also said in a hurry,"Senior, this matter is of great importance, so we'll take our leave first. If the information is wrong, perhaps ... There will be some trouble. We'll go back and inform the governor to avoid any misunderstandings."
 The Golden armor didn't try to stop him and disappeared.
 Yuan Shuo and the others looked at each other and quickly walked out.
 Until they walked out of the ruins.
 ……
 Once they were out of the ruins, the group continued to run in the direction of the Silver Moon.
 "Are you sure it's not the Zheng family?" director Zhou asked.
 "It's generally confirmed!"
 Yuan Shuo frowned and said,"no traces were left behind. Even if the other party is powerful, strength is strength. Such traces of life can not be covered by strength. Unless we are under an illusion and everything we see is fake, otherwise ... There is no sign of a strong man living for many years in boundless city."
 Director Zhou looked at Qian Wuliang, and Qian Wuliang sighed."I didn't feel much emotion, just some anger and annoyance. This is human nature. If they were really wronged, they would definitely be angry. It's normal to have some hostility."
 "That's the Hong family?"
 "It's possible. "
  “……”
 After discussing for a while, they quickly flew toward Silvermoon.
 Currently, only the Hong family had not received any news. They had not been there and had not found the Hong family's thunderstorm city. Moreover, the Hong family's ancestors were not the first batch of neo martial experts. The suspicion had instantly increased by countless times.
 ……
 Silver Moon.
 Silver City.
 Half a day later, Li Hao saw Qian Wuliang and the others.
 He heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that they were fine.
 At this moment, experts from all over the world once again gathered in the Silver City.
 At this moment, Hong Yitang and the others were also very curious. Hong Yitang smiled and said,""It's a good thing that we made it out of the Zheng family's ancient city safely."

 "Qian Wuliang, tell me the situation," Li Hao said directly.
 Qian Wuliang didn't dare to waste any time and quickly explained the situation. Everyone, including director Wang, frowned. Director Wang frowned and said,"In that case, could it really be the Hong family? Of the eight great families, only the Hong family doesn't have a profound Foundation. If that person from the Hong family isn't willing ... It's actually understandable. As a family that rose to power later on, the Hong family doesn't have any Foundation in the origin world. "
 "Although the Hong family's ancestor graduated from mcmau, there are many who graduated from mcmau. He's very talented, but it's said that he's been stuck at the peak of the divine path and can't make any progress. That's why he came to the small world, because the sword venerable is also the Dean of mcmau ..."
 Director Wang thought for a while and said,"the Hong family has no foundation. If the enemy gives him a lot of benefits, even promising to help him become a Heavenly King, venerable sovereign, or the Lord of a small world, there is a high possibility that he will betray ... The Zheng family ... The Zheng family does have a venerable sovereign. Although the Zheng family here is only a side branch, according to what you said, it might really have been misunderstood."
 He sighed with emotion."That's good. If the Zheng family didn't betray us, we would be in less trouble. Otherwise ... If the Zheng family betrayed us, we have the Zhou family, the Liu family, and the Zheng family as our main families."
 He was relieved to hear that the Zheng family did not betray him.
 As for the Hong family ... Choosing one out of the eight was actually the easiest to accept and would not disappoint everyone too much.
 Thinking of this, he looked at Li Hao hesitantly.""If the Zheng family didn't betray us ..."
 He looked at Li Hao, hesitating.
 It's better not to touch the three families in star suppression city.
  Li Hao knew what he was thinking. He nodded.""I will consider it!"
 When director Wang heard this, he hesitated and didn't say anything.
 Li Hao smiled."General Hao, you must be tired after traveling to the two main cities. Go back and rest for a while. Forget it. I'll send you back and tell you some of my recent discoveries. They're very helpful to your cultivation. You might not know."
 The few of them looked at each other. Did they make a new discovery?
 Since that was the case, the few of them did not hold back.
 "Alright," Yuan Shuo said with a smile."I've been stagnant for a while. I hope there's some new progress."
 As they spoke, Li Hao and the others left.
 Director Wang sighed after he left.
 Perhaps ... Li Hao had decided to attack the ancient city, but he just didn't want to talk to her.
 What a headache!
 If the Zheng family betrayed them, they wouldn't think much of it if Li Hao attacked the Liu family, the Zhou family, and even the Zheng family. This was because the same thing might happen in all three main cities.
 Star suppression city was considered a small group among the eight main cities.
 But now, if the Zheng family was wronged ... He was hesitant about this battle, but he couldn't stop Li Hao.
 ……
 Silver City, ancient Academy.
  Yuan Shuo's house.  Now that he was back, Yuan Shuo was still living in his own house.
 The few of them entered. The courtyard was a little dirty and there was a lot of dust.
 Li Hao casually waved his hand to sweep away the dust. He opened the door and entered the house with familiarity. Without saying anything, he glanced at them and said,""I'll take you to the bright star sector to see my new discovery ..."He said.
 They were all stunned. The next moment, Li Hao's sword seemed to pierce through the sky.
 The void seemed to split open.
 In an instant, Li Hao disappeared, and his voice came.""Come with me, don't go too far, it's not a big problem."
 The few of them didn't waste any time and immediately entered the crack in the void.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was actually able to bring people into the bright star sector.
 Yuan Shuo had entered it before, but director Zhou and Qian Wuliang had never entered the bright star sector.
 The next moment, they were all shocked.
 They saw the vast universe!
 Countless stars gathered in the surroundings.
 Yuan Shuo's eyes flickered. It was ... Different from before. In the past, countless stars were scattered all over the place, but now, they had formed a special area. He glanced at them, and his heart stirred. He glanced at Li Hao, but didn't say anything.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, looked at the vast starry sky for a while and said,"Qian Wuliang, you seem to have something to say. Why don't you say it?"
  Qian Wuliang was shocked!
 The next moment, after a moment of silence, he said,""Governor, I ..."
 "Just say it!"
 Qian Wuliang took a deep breath and said after a while of silence,""Now that the governor wants to take down a city, any one of them is the same. However, because there are many neo martial seniors in our camp ... Other than the city that betrayed us, they might not be willing to help the other ancient cities, let alone help."
 "Now, if the Zheng family isn't the traitor, then it must be the Hong family ... If, and I'm saying if, the governor says that he wants to attack the Hong family, do you think senior Zhang an and the others will agree?"
 "If the Hong family is a traitor, we won't be able to defeat them even with them!" Li Hao frowned.
 "But what if ... The governor insists on taking the risk?"
 "There are many reasons," Qian Wuliang said in a low voice."Maybe the traitors in the Hong family have left for another place, or something else ... However, if we can confirm that the Hong family is the city of betrayal and the Commander-in-Chief wants to attack it, the neo-martial Warriors will probably agree!"
 "What?" Li Hao frowned and said in a low voice,"to be more direct, don't play tricks in front of me!"
 Qian Wuliang took a deep breath and said after a long time,""Alright, I'll be Frank then, but ... It might not be as I've guessed! I suspect that it wasn't just one city that betrayed them ... But a few! Perhaps they didn't back then, but now, or after so many years, some of those who didn't betray us have been replaced by their people!"

 Qian Wuliang said in a deep voice,"there might be problems with both the Liu and Zheng families." I even suspect that they have people in all of the eight main cities, except for sword city. Sword city might be the same, but they have never been there. "
 "On the contrary, I don't think the Hong family will betray them ... Because the Hong family is not too close to them, and it is a newly rising family that is more dependent on the venerable sword's faction. Therefore, the Hong family may not have too much ambition."
 "However, in order to deal with the Hong family more easily, I feel that ... We can go along with them and set the Hong family as the city of betrayal. Then, we can attack the ancient city of the Hong family!"
 The moment he said that, Yuan Shuo and director Zhou both frowned.
 "Why do you think the Hong family is fine, but the Zheng and Liu families are?" Yuan Shuo frowned. I can't see any traces ..."
 Qian Wuliang said in a low voice,"professor Yuan, you might have forgotten that the ancient city was only a part of the past." "At its peak, it can hold tens of millions of people. If there are still experts who have betrayed the ancient city and have enough energy, it means that what they are showing now is actually just a part of the ancient city, a corner. The professor can't even see the actual ancient city."
 "Perhaps the Zheng family is trying to cover up something and is doing this on purpose. I even suspect that the Zheng family was the one who spread the song and that Sun Xin's words are true. However, at this point in time, the Zheng family's betrayal is so obvious that it's easy to overturn this conclusion, just like now ... But, what if they are doing this on purpose?"
 He looked at Yuan Shuo and said softly,"when we were in the Zheng family's ancient city, no one noticed anything. Even I didn't notice much emotion."
 "But there's something special about it. I don't know if you've noticed, but when I went to the ancient cities, I mentioned a person ..."
 "Li Hao?"
  "No, senior Zhang an!"
 "When I mentioned senior Zhang an, I observed that the people in heaven battling city have complicated feelings," Qian Wuliang said in a deep voice."There are respect and admiration, but there are also some disappointment."
 "However, when I mentioned senior Zhang an in the Zheng clan and the Liu Clan, the result was ... He was unmoved."
 "What?"
 Yuan Shuo was confused, and Li Hao frowned.
 Qian Wuliang said in a low voice,"it's just that there wasn't too much of a reaction. I've asked heaven battling city, and they didn't know that senior Zhang an had been staying in Yuanping martial arts university. It was the governor who told them. According to the governor, they were very excited at that time because senior Zhang an was the grandson of the Supreme martial artist ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao nodded slightly."Yes. At that time, both the 9th Division commander and director Wang said that if senior Zhang an was willing to come, they could even use the military power of heaven battling city!"
 Qian Wuliang nodded."That's the right response. But we didn't ask much about the two families we visited this time. You should know that there are descendants of Zhenxing city in Yuanping martial arts university."
 "They seem to be very calm about senior Zhang an's life. There's no respect, no expectation ... There's only indifference. This is wrong."
 Qian Wuliang heaved a sigh."I don't have any more evidence except this. But I suspect that both of them are suspicious. It's very dangerous to choose one of them." I think it's less dangerous to choose the Hong family's main city!"
 "The Hong clan has a weak Foundation, and there are only a few powerhouses left to guard the clan. It's said that The Guardian monster plant is also weaker ... In that case, we can persuade senior Zhang an and the others to join us in dealing with the Hong clan!"
 To put it simply, they would directly accuse the Hong family of being traitors, and the Zheng family, Liu family, and a few other families would probably help.
 There was little danger, and he had a helper who would be of great help.
 In Qian Wuliang's eyes, the governor only wanted an ancient city, and it didn't matter if he was a traitor or not.
 Hence, he agreed with director Wang's deduction.
 Director Wang felt that the Hong family had betrayed him. He was the first to express his approval ...
 "Is this why you didn't tell me before?" Li Hao frowned.
  "Governor ... I ... I'm just making some guesses. I don't have any evidence. Besides, I want to find an opportunity to report to you in private."  Li Hao frowned."Let's not talk about this. You think that the Zheng family and the Liu family might be traitors. Then ... Which city do you think their main force will be in?"
 "The Liu family!"
 "Why do you think so?" Li Hao frowned.
 Since Qian Wuliang had already said it, he didn't mind showing off a little more. He said in a low voice,"Because if the Zheng family had really betrayed us, they wouldn't have left their main forces behind. If a top-tier expert were to go and investigate, wouldn't everything be exposed? On the contrary, not many people would care if he stayed in the Liu family ... The main force might even be in the Zhou family. "
 "As for the Zheng family, to avoid suspicion, they won't keep anyone!" He said softly.
 "They're also worried that if someone awakens and becomes stronger than them and walks out of the ruins, there will be changes ..."
 "So, I'm guessing that there's a high chance that the Zheng family didn't have any powerful cultivators left behind," he continued.
 It was just a guess!
 He couldn't be sure.
 After a moment of silence, Li Hao said, the Zheng family it is then!
 Qian Wuliang was stunned."Viceroy, I'm just guessing. If I make the wrong choice, I'll be killed." At this moment, I think it's best to follow them and attack the Hong family. We can also lock onto the Hong family's position very soon ..."
 As for whether the Hong family was the traitor, that wasn't important.
 In Qian Wuliang's eyes, this was the best choice!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Zhang an and the others might help.
 He could even use his glib tongue to tell the other main cities about everyone's speculations and ask them to send reinforcements to take down the Hong family's main city. Even if there were no experts, he could just casually say that the other party might be hiding somewhere else.
 Yuan Shuo and director Zhou didn't say anything.
  ,m Although Qian Wuliang had ill intentions, he had to admit that the Hong family was indeed the best choice if what he said was true.  At least, it was the best choice for Li Hao.
 He could get the help of Zhang an and the others!
 "No need!" Li Hao shook his head."I'll choose the Zheng family!"
 "This ..."
 Qian Wuliang still wanted to say something, but Li Hao tore the void open and showed them where they were. "It's decided then. There's no need to say anything else. I'll just pretend that you didn't mention anything before. "
 "Yes!"
 Qian Wuliang nodded helplessly.
 The governor ... Was really ... Sigh!
 If he followed the thoughts of the neo martial artist, he could also get help. What was not good about that?

 He chose the Zheng family.
 This was something that no one had expected.
 Everyone felt that if the Zheng family betrayed them, the entire city would be revived and it would be extremely dangerous. It might even be more dangerous than the other seven families of the eight ancient cities combined.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, chose the Zheng family without hesitation after hearing Qian Wuliang's words.
 At this moment, Qian Wuliang was in a dilemma.
 Yuan Shuo also frowned.
 If they made a wrong judgment ... According to the previous clues, the Zheng family was the main city that had betrayed them. If the entire Army charged in, Li Hao's side would be annihilated on the same day.
 It was an extremely dangerous fight!
 Besides, was Qian Wuliang's judgment accurate?
 Qian Wuliang was just guessing. There was no evidence to prove that the Zheng family wasn't the base camp.
  The head of the Zheng family could have been a Heavenly King back then. After so many years, he had seized two-thirds of the Heavenly Star Mine and had not fallen into silence. He might have even reached a higher realm.
 Venerable sovereigns?
 If it was a venerable sovereign ... Then he might as well commit suicide. It was impossible to fight against him.
 Even if the enemy's main force wasn't here, Qian Wuliang thought that the Zheng family might be one of the bases. It was also possible that the powerful warriors were recovering ...
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo caught up with Li Hao, his eyes filled with worry.
 He did not see much from this diplomatic trip.
 Qian Wuliang was exaggerating, but did his disciple believe him so easily?
 It was too dangerous!
 "Li Hao,"
 Yuan Shuo shook off the others and caught up with Li Hao. He didn't speak directly, but said telepathically,"He said that there's a possibility, but ... It's all based on his assumptions. The Zheng family is extremely dangerous, and so is the Hong family ... Perhaps the Liu family is the first choice."
 "If it really doesn't work out ... If we really have to take down a city, we can choose the Zhou family or even martial Union ... At most ... We'll just fall out with them!"
 He knew what Li Hao was worried about. He was worried that if he did not handle new martial ancient city well, he would fall out with Zhang an and the others.
 Li Hao was afraid of too many things.
 At this point, no one wanted to, but at this moment, Yuan Shuo could not hold it in anymore. He gritted his teeth and transmitted a message,""Among neo martial, the traitors, the sealers, the four kingdoms, and the five factions of heavenstar, we can't even compare to any one of them ... But if we fight to the death, we might still have a chance. Li Hao, you can't put yourself in a desperate situation just because you're afraid of falling out with Zhang an and heaven battling city!"
  "If it really doesn't work, I'll learn from the ancient king. Other than me, everyone else is an enemy ... At most ... I'll go crazy and risk it!"  Now, Li Hao was trying to win over some people.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, the difficulty was too high.
 Li Hao wanted to gain the support and understanding of some people in neo martial arts, but he had to worry that they would be dissatisfied because of this. He had to consider betraying the ancient city and also fear the invasion of the four countries ...
 In addition, there was also the three great organizations. Ying Hongyue was also a great threat.
 When Li Hao said that he wanted to beat up the Zheng family ...
 Yuan Shuo knew that he was taking a gamble.
 He wanted to take a chance!
 If he could prove that the Zheng family had betrayed him, and if he could win the bet that the Zheng family did not have a main force behind the betrayal, then Li Hao would be able to obtain the support of Zhang an and heaven battling city.
 Otherwise, if they attacked the ancient city, they would come into conflict with these people sooner or later.
 Zhang an and the others didn't mention it earlier because Li Hao hadn't put it into action yet.
 Just like before, when director Wang heard that the Zheng family wasn't a traitor ... He was extremely excited. Out of the eight great ancient cities, only the Hong family ... Because their elder wasn't strong and their Foundation wasn't strong, if they really betrayed them, everyone could understand and accept it.
 Yuan Shuo could not understand Li Hao's feelings. He could only say,""Whatever you choose, we will support you! But ... You have to remember one thing. As a martial arts master, you have to be more carefree. You think too much and fear too much. You want to be perfect, but nothing in this world is perfect!"
 "Little Hao ..."
  He looked at Li Hao, who stopped and looked at his master.
 "If ... If we don't have the support of heaven battling city and Zhang an, we will also risk our lives!" Yuan Shuo said solemnly. "You can let go of them and even be prepared to fall out with them ... They're also very conflicted. On the one hand, they support us, but on the other hand, they want to receive the treatment of the neo martial era, and even be independent of us!"
 "If this continues ... We can't do it. We have to consider their thoughts before we do anything ... Something will happen sooner or later!"
 Yuan Shuo said seriously,'be prepared ... To turn hostile and fight! This can't go on. If you follow their wishes this time and choose one or none ... Even if they don't interfere directly, your subconscious will be affected by them!"
 Li Hao thought for a while and nodded.
 He glanced at Yuan Shuo and said after a moment,""Teacher, I know. I'm just doing my best to have a clear conscience! "Not only to everyone, but also to neo martial. I have an explanation."
 "This time, if I can get evidence of the Zheng family's betrayal ... From now on, I'll have a clear conscience. I'll repay all the help I've received from heaven battling city and Yuanping martial arts university!"
 "Teacher, sometimes, it's not that just because material things are equal, it can really clear up the debt."
 Li Hao sighed and said softly,"heaven battling city helped me a lot when I was weak, including the two words" heaven battling. "Director Wang and the ninth Division commander have been of great help to me ..."
 Yuan Shuo said in a deep voice,"then let's do as they say. Didn't director Wang say to beat up the Hong family?" Then let's do as he said ... If he made a mistake, it's his own business!"

 At this moment, he chose to support Qian Wuliang!
 Go and beat up the Hong family!
 If you beat the wrong person, it's your heaven battling city's problem.
 He looked at Li Hao."Since you want to do this, then ... Call them and ask them that we have to choose one. We'll attack whichever they think is more likely to betray us ... It's a risk, so let's take a big risk! The Zheng and Hong families are the most suspicious. If they want to choose, it will be these two families!"
 According to Qian Wuliang's speculation, the main force of the enemies might be in the Liu family or even the Zhou family.
 Zheng and Hong could both fight.
 No matter how the new martial artists were chosen, they were in line with Li Hao's expectations.
 If anything went wrong, it would have nothing to do with Li Hao.
 You guys chose it!
 As for whether they would choose or not ... At this point, there must be a traitor. Should they just ignore it and let the traitor continue to prepare for resurrection?
  At this moment, Yuan Shuo was extremely selfish.
 However, he felt that there was no need to appear selfless.
 Li Hao and silver Moon both took risks to give the new martial artists some comfort. Why did they have to do this?
 Li Hao said softly,"teacher, we think that the Zheng family is more suspicious. In the end, we deliberately led them to attack the Hong family. If they hit the wrong person ... The Hong family is loyal. Not only are they loyal to neo martial arts, but don't forget that the Hong family might be even more loyal to the Li family!"
 "That's the Li family, not you. If it were you, they would have come out and contacted you long ago!"
 "You don't represent the Li family!" Yuan Shuo disagreed. They only acknowledge the new martial Swordmaster!"
 "I know,"
 Li Hao nodded."But teacher ... The neo martial Swordmaster, my swordsmanship and my current achievements have been a result of the help that the starry sky sword gave me, including my sword energy. I didn't rely on myself to reach where I am today. In that case, even if I acknowledge the neo martial Swordmaster, I can't deliberately mislead him ..."
 "Bastard!"
 "Why do you care about this at this time?" Yuan Shuo suddenly cursed. Was he returning a favor? What favor could he return? Without the Li family's influence, you wouldn't have been in such a desperate situation ..."
 Li Hao shook his head."Teacher, I'm not returning the favor. I'm not compromising with new martial arts ... I just want ... To be more upright!"
 "Nonsense! Soldiers are the crafty Dao!"
 "Since you're not as strong as him, what's there to talk about?" Yuan Shuo roared again. Also, don't forget that you're not the only one taking risks. It's the entire Silver Moon martial forest and everyone who believes in you!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was silent.
 Yuan Shuo felt that he had gone too far. He took a deep breath. "That's not what I meant. I'm just saying that even if it's risky, you should consider everyone's thoughts ..."
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment, then nodded! Then I'll wait for everyone to come, ask for everyone's opinion, and vote to decide!"  "I've decided whether I'm going or not!"Li Hao said while Yuan Shuo was thinking.
 “……”
 Yuan Shuo understood what he meant. It wasn't to vote on whether to fight the Hong family or the Zheng family. It was because he was certain that he wanted to fight the Zheng family. Voting was just to decide if one was willing to go or not.
 He felt helpless!
 This disciple of his could be very cowardly at times!
 He didn't want to say anything more, so he quickly said,"The monster Plant Guardian is a peach tree ... It's just that it's very likely to be a peach tree, and it looks very similar! It should be the power of a Saint, but from the looks of it, not many have recovered. I don't know if they're faking it. "
 "In the city, we can only see two gold-tier Warriors, and it's hard to judge their specific strength. They seem to be extremely low-key, not even as powerful as heaven battling city ..."
 "There are also soldiers in the city, about three thousand of them, similar to the ones in heaven battling city, not too powerful."
 "In addition, there's also a no-fly mechanism. If you're not from this city and don't have permission, you'll be able to stop flying ... Of course, the starry sky sword might be able to get rid of it."
 Speaking of this, he added,"the other party also has support-type monster plants. I don't know the exact number, but I've seen some places in the city. Heaven battling city has 36. Even if there are fewer here, it won't be too much less."
 "As for the rest, you can ask around ... Ask director Wang and the others."
 "We can deal with the auxiliary monster plant ... But The Guardian monster plant and the Golden-armored man we saw today may not be something we can deal with. Moreover, the other party has a large Army stationed there. If a commander appears ... He may have the battle strength of a Saint!"
 "It's very likely that there are two Saint plane experts. "
 He looked at Li Hao."If you really run into one, you won't be able to deal with it."
 "Also, some of the city's devices and special circumstances will occur, including the other party's city Lord seal ... Last time, heaven battling city used the city Lord seal to kill a crippled Saint, so it's very dangerous!"
  Yuan Shuo took a deep breath and said,"I'll still say the same thing. Everyone can fight for those below the Holy Dao!" Saints ... There's no point in fighting. "
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He just glanced at the sky.
 If he succeeded this time ...
 The deadlock could be broken.
 The four countries would no longer be a threat, and the threat of the traitors would be greatly reduced. Once the ancient city was broken, they could attack or retreat. Everything would change dramatically.
 It would give him enough time to develop and become stronger.
 Therefore, if they won this time, the rewards would be beyond imagination.
 If he lost, everything would naturally be for naught.
 Including their attitude toward neo martial!
 If this battle could prove that the Zheng family was a traitor, and that the Liu family and the other major families were also a part of it, then Zhang an and heaven battling city would no longer have the face to ask him to consider cooperating with them.

 The only way was to kill!
 At that time, if they still couldn't accept it, the best result would be a peaceful breakup. The bad result would be a fall out.
 At this moment, Li Hao made a decision.
 He had to do it!
 If it was done, everything would change drastically, including his attitude toward neo martial.
 However, how would a Saint solve this?
 He looked at the sky for a long time before softly saying,"Teacher, do you still remember that sword strike?"
 "What?"
 "That day, I was trying to gain enlightenment of my bloodline, and I saw that sword ...."
 Yuan Shuo's expression changed!
  "It's been a long time since I've comprehended the sword principle of the sword venerable,"Li Hao said while looking at the sky.
 "Li Hao!"
 "Teacher, do you think that with my current strength, if I try to comprehend this sword ... Will I gain some unique gains?"
 "It's too dangerous!"
 Yuan Shuo was already aware of the seal's existence, so it was too dangerous to do so. If they were trapped and unable to escape, or if the sealed expert simply followed Li Hao's bloodline and invaded Li Hao ... It would be extremely dangerous.
 Li Hao smiled."Teacher, tell me. Can the sword of the sword venerable kill a Saint?"
 "This ..."
 "Sword Dao ... With my current body, it's hard for me to open more Dao meridians. However, I can open the apertures on the 360 Dao meridians instead of the Dao meridians. I can open one aperture on each Dao Meridian and open a simple cycle. It's not too difficult to open 360 apertures ... It's not like it's going through the bright star field. Teacher, do you think ... It's possible?"
 Yuan Shuo's expression changed.
 Would it work?
 Maybe he could!
 However, now that Li Hao had become powerful and the world had recovered, the seal was a little unstable. Once ... Once they entered the depths, they would likely be dragged in by the sealed expert.
 This was even more dangerous than entering the bright star sector, which at least didn't have any powerful enemies.
 "Before everyone comes ... I want to go and take a look ... Take a look at the ancestor's sword. Teacher ... If there's a problem ... Just kill me."
 Li Hao raised his brows slightly."The expert sealed here is very likely to be able to seize someone's mind. It's very likely that Ying Hongyue is no longer the Ying Hongyue from back then!" From what I've gathered over the past few days, I've come to the conclusion that although Ying Hongyue was sinister and cunning back then, she prided herself on being sentimental. If it was the Ying Hongyue from back then, I would've killed many of his female friends, and he would've come to take revenge on me a long time ago. "
 After saying that, he smiled."Teacher, let's go to the stone gate. It's safer there. I'm going to follow the eight trigrams diagram and enter the core to take a look."
 "This ..."
  Yuan Shuo had a splitting headache. After a long while, he nodded."Alright!"  Since Li Hao insisted, he could only accompany him.
 While following Li Hao, he said,"you have to activate 360 Dao meridians and acupuncture points. There are still many Dao meridians that haven't appeared yet ... Also, even if you don't open your Dao meridians, you've already opened more than 200 acupuncture points. There are still 324 Dao meridians that haven't been activated. You have to open at least 324 more acupuncture points. In total, you have more than 500 acupuncture points!" Can you hold on?"
 "Yes, I can. I'm only opening one aperture, not one Meridian. It doesn't matter how much I open."
 Li Hao said softly,"the key is that after opening one aperture and completing a cycle of 360 apertures, I'm worried that ... There won't be much change in strength. That would be a waste."
 Yuan Shuo quickly made a judgment and said,""There will definitely be some changes ... Of course, if I don't open my Dao Meridian, the changes won't be as big as I imagined. However, the 360 apertures forming the Dao Meridian sword, coupled with the starry sky sword of the sword Saint and his swordsmanship ... Might exceed my expectations."
 "Also ... I have something I need you to promise me," he added.
 "What?"
 "Lend me five meridians!"
 "What?"
 Li Hao was stunned. Yuan Shuo snorted,""Lend me five meridians, don't you understand? Your five divine runes are floating in the bright star sector, in charge of five regions. I want you to lend me your five meridians ... Fuse the divine runes into my body, and I'll take charge of the five meridians. You focus on cultivating 360 Dao meridians. "
 Li Hao immediately frowned.
 "You're afraid I'll take your Holy prose?"
 Yuan Shuo was furious."I'm your master. I taught you martial arts. Now that you've grown up, you're not even willing to lend me something? You'd rather believe that coward, the earth overturning sword, than your teacher?"
 "No..."
 Li Hao knew that his teacher was angry on purpose, but he still explained,""That's not what I meant, teacher. The five meridians are still incomplete ..."
 "I can't perfect it myself?"
  "We don't have enough time ..."
 "You know nothing!"
 "Since you want to fight with 360 sword meridians with your sword Dao, then having five more or five fewer meridians won't make much of a difference! If you lend it to me, you and I, master and disciple, are of the same origin. Your five divine runes won't reject me. On the contrary, you and I are of the same origin, and the only person you can lend it to is me. "
 "Do the others have the right to borrow it? He was not qualified! Not only this, but I also need to borrow your Dao characters and divine text ..."
 "Teacher ... I ..." Li Hao's head ached.
 "Are you afraid that I'll take away your control?"
 "Teacher, there's no need to say this."
 "I told you!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yuan Shuo's face darkened,"if you don't lend it to me, it means you don't trust me!" Fine ... In the future, you won't be a disciple of the five birds sect. You'll be the governor, and I'll still be old demon five birds. You're the same as your senior sisters and senior brothers, all unfilial disciples. What's the use of raising you!"
 Li Hao knew that his teacher was deliberately provoking him. Just as he was about to continue, Yuan Shuo's anger suddenly disappeared."If you don't lend it to me ... I'll really cut off all ties with you! "If you don't lend it to me, you won't be able to defeat me in times of danger, and we won't have a good end either, unless I don't go in ... Think about it yourself, otherwise, at a critical moment, I can still save myself one more time, and maybe even escape into the bright star sector. But if you don't lend it to me, it'll be very difficult for me to escape into it, and I won't be able to locate it, so it'll be very easy for me to get lost."

 Li Hao was stunned.
 That's right!
 At a critical moment, if he couldn't win, he could lend it to his teacher, and his teacher might be able to escape into the bright star sector.
 However, if he didn't lend it to her, he might really get lost in it.
 Li Hao instantly fell silent.
 He knew what his teacher was thinking, but he still felt helpless.""Teacher, I'll lend it to you, but you can't do anything! Your body is much weaker than mine, so don't try to devour the power of the nearby great DAOs, or your body will collapse!"
 Yuan Shuo chuckled."Why would I? if you lend it to me, you'll still be my good disciple!"
 “……”
 Li Hao was helpless. Now that you've said that, I know you'll definitely devour the power of the great DAOs nearby!
 The master and disciple continued to chat as they walked to the mine in the suburbs. Li Hao still said,""Teacher, you and I share the same origin. Your main path is the Dao of the five elements. If you fuse the five elements, your combat power will definitely increase ... You've already reached your limit. If you continue to devour the Dao, you'll just be courting death."
  "Nonsense. When it comes to certain death, is there a difference whether I die like this or be beaten to death?"
 “……”
 There's nothing wrong with that!
 Li Hao chuckled.
 "Don't be so wishy-washy, do you still remember this place?"Yuan Shuo chuckled.
 Li Hao glanced at it and was stunned for a moment. He then nodded."Qiao's Mining Group."
 "Back then, I, your master, was not a three yang. I had just broken through to the Qian Douluo stage not long ago. That guy was still a three yang. Were you and I, master and disciple, so afraid to struggle back then?"
 Yuan Shuo pointed at the building and chuckled.""That day, you were here and even damaged my car! At that time, what was your strength? What's my strength? The one in the Qiao family was a Third Sun! It's no different from now, but the three suns have become Saints, and you and I have become countless times stronger!"
 "But you and I, master and disciple, joined forces ... Didn't we still kill him?"
 Yuan Shuo sneered,"sometimes, the stronger you are, the more timid you are, and the more things you have to consider!" But ... Little Hao, remember this. At this point, there's no way out, so we'll give it a shot! If we win, we'll eat meat, but if we lose ... What's there to consider about life and death?"
 He looked at Li Hao."You're getting more and more worried. You're getting more and more nervous. You're worried that I'll die, and you're worried that other people will be implicated ... What are you worried about?"
 He said coldly,"what's there to worry about?" "Even if they all die, they only have themselves to blame. I, Yuan Shuo, will say this here. There is no expert today who doesn't deserve to die. If they aren't guilty, even without you, they would be killed by the ancient people sooner or later!" If that's the case ... Why are you worried about their deaths?"
 "Silver Moon martial forest has long been prepared for this! "Without you, the second recovery would have started. These guys would have probably died along with Zhao Shuguang and the others!" This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "They can't even deal with the nine divisions and the imperial family!"
 "You don't have to worry about their lives ... You're thinking too much, including mine. How many people have I, Yuan Shuo, killed in my life? Was anyone innocent? Of course there is!"
 Yuan Shuo sneered."Many of the martial masters I killed were innocent. I chose to kill them just to make a name for myself!" I've lived for more than 70 years and have no regrets. If you have time to consider me, why don't you consider ... Whether you can escape on your own!"
 He pointed at the building again and said,"at that time, when we were dealing with the Qiao family, did we have any evidence to prove that the Qiao family was the bad guys?" You want me to kill the people of the Qiao family because that guy from the Qiao family is powerful, occupied the remains, and has a grudge against Liu Yan, right? It's meaningless to think about life and death!"
 "Evidence ... Whether you want to deal with the Zheng family, the Hong family, or anyone else ... Since you've decided, don't always think about evidence. If the neo martial artists can't understand ... Then you don't need them to understand!"
 Li Hao nodded, deep in thought.
 Yuan Shuo smiled."Let's go. Let's use the five animal technique to hurry on our way. It's been a long time since we used the deer expansion technique, right?" Do you still remember the first time we went to the mine, when you used the deer expansion spell?"
 Li Hao was dazed for a moment, then smiled and nodded.
 In the next moment, the master and disciple were like fawn as they suddenly left with the wind!
 Galloping and jumping!
 Free oneself!
 Quite a few people saw what was happening, and were quite surprised. The master and disciple were like little deer in the sky. They didn't travel through the void, but simply ran around freely, kicking up a cloud of dust.
  ……
 Silver City.
 Zhao Shuguang looked at the two of them leave and felt a little suspicious. Beside him, director Zhou, who had only returned once in a while, smiled. "It's still better to have a master-disciple relationship. Recently ... I don't even dare to talk to him about certain things. "
 "What?"
 Director Zhao was confused and looked at director Zhou.
 Director Zhou sighed,"four countries, ancient city, new martial arts, traitor, three major organizations ... They're pushing him into a corner!" In the past, he liked to smile. Even if it was a fake smile, he would still smile very happily ... It had been a long time since she had seen him smile for real. "Since the four countries invaded until today, since some people from neo martial arts were brought out of the remains ... Their strength has become stronger and stronger, but the days seem to be getting harder and harder."
 He felt helpless,"in the past, the four silver Moon guardians and Yuan Shuo could still shelter him from the wind and rain, but now ... They're gone!" Not a single one! Whether it's Zhang an or Li Daozong, these people ... They're actually good to him, but they can't be sincere to him, and they can't be more biased to him than neo martial artists. "
 In the past, everyone could side with Li Hao and protect him.
 But now, not a single person was left.
 The most powerful person in the military governor's office was Zhang an, but he only had high hopes for Li Hao. However, when it came to making decisions on certain issues, he would definitely not choose Li Hao unconditionally, even though ... He knew that Li Hao was facing many difficulties.

 The others were not even as strong as Li Hao!
 Director Zhou sighed, "He's been hesitating and wavering, wanting to get some support. However, the neo martial artists aren't willing to give him too much support. He actually hopes to be protected, but those people aren't willing ... He can only force himself to move forward. Every step is like walking on thin ice ... Old Zhao, many years ago, we also went through this. But at that time, it was even more difficult than now. Looking up, other than us ... No one is really willing to help him with all their strength. Even we may not be wholehearted."
 "What do you mean by that?"
 "How are we not wholehearted?" director Zhao said.
 Director Zhou looked at him and said after a long while, "You've worked with me in Silver Moon for 40 years, and the 10000 Silver Moon guards you have now are all you have to deal with the second recovery?"
 He laughed. Director Zhou's smile was bright, "We've been waiting for the second recovery, waiting for the ancient people to appear. You tell me that all your trump cards are those 10000 Silvermoon guards? Just the few of us? Just a group of weaklings who might not be able to match the peak? Old Zhao ... Is that all?"
 Director Zhao frowned and looked at him.
 Director Zhou said softly,"as long as we succeed this time and break the barrier in front of us, the sky will welcome light, even if it's not all of it!" Old Zhao ... If you have any trump cards, just take them out and fight ... Believe in him just this once!"
 "Old Zhou, you've changed after going to stellarsky city for a while ..." Director Zhao said in a deep voice.
  "I haven't changed!"
 Director Zhou shook his head."I only saw some things. I just feel that ... There's no need for us to hide it. He knows that he's in a difficult position right now. He's even considering whether Silver Moon ... Really has no more cards up his sleeve? He's actually a Silver Moon Martial Master, and he loves his face. Since no one is willing to help me, I'll help myself!"
 "Think about it. From the beginning until now, apart from Yuan Shuo, who would take the initiative to ask for help, when has he ever taken the initiative to ask for help? Even if he does ask for help, he'll pay a high price ... He's just like the Silver Moon Martial Master, he's a man of honor!"
 "He wished he could draw a clear line between himself and everyone else. You help me, I help you. You give me one point, I give you ten points ... We've always tried to change him, hoping that he wouldn't be affected by killing and hatred. "But now, he has let go of his hatred, let go of his killing ... And we can't help him any more. Then why didn't we let him continue to live in hatred?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He looked at director Zhao and said,"if from the very beginning, his only goal was Ying Hongyue, he wouldn't have had such a hard time!" We threw the responsibility to him. Whether it was the invasion of the four countries or the traitor of neo martial, did it have anything to do with him? As long as he's determined to kill Ying Hongyue and give up on the starry sky sword, no one will make things difficult for him. "
 "You want to learn the new martial arts, Supreme martial artist Zhang. You want to be like Supreme martial artist Zhang and cultivate a human King ... But have you given the protection of a human King? Did you do what Supreme martial artist Zhang did?"
 Director Zhao frowned.
 "So ... If you're not Supreme martial artist Zhang and he's not the human King, why do we have to force all this on him?"
 ,m "I didn't force it on him, and ... This is everyone's responsibility!" Director Zhao said in a low voice.  "No, you're wrong!"
 Director Zhou retorted,"not everyone's responsibility!" You have to be clear, he didn't want to be the king, and he didn't want to be the Emperor. Then all of this is not his responsibility! It was Yuan Shuo, Hong Yitang, and the others who helped him ... You didn't help him at all for him to be able to survive until today. So, old Zhao, your way of thinking is wrong!"
 Director Zhao was silent.
 Director Zhou said calmly,"take out all your trump cards. If you don't fight once ... Who would be willing to fight for you next time?" If you fail this time, you won't have another chance. Even if you survive, you'll have to endure, you'll have no chance!"
 He was certain that old Zhao still had a trump card.
 There was no other reason. The Silver Moon had been waiting for its second awakening for too many years!
 It was impossible for him to not have made any preparations.
  A long time ago, director Zhao had said that if silver Moon really did recover, he would be able to fight the world and the old guys, so why was it that ... It was so difficult?
 He looked at director Zhao, who was silent for a while before saying,"You ... Do you still remember that I was there during the first recovery?"
 Director Zhou's eyes moved and he nodded.
 During the first revival, the leaders of the three large organizations, vast sky Mountain Master, director Zhao, and a few others were all present.
 Someone had mentioned this before.
 However, director Zhao never mentioned it, so no one asked. There was even a period of time when Li Hao was worried that there was something wrong with director Zhao, so he deliberately hid many things.
 Especially when he knew that director Zhao was in contact with the ancient city, Li Hao avoided director Zhao and did not even inform him of the revival of general Huai.
 Director Zhao took a deep breath and said,"the place where it was first revived is called the remains of Yushan Town!" There's a mine over there, and there's an expert there called earth glory. "
 "The brilliant Earth is similar to the one you told me about in the depths of the mines of Heavenly Star Town ... His mission is to perform the first resurrection! He succeeded, but the one in Heavenly Star Town failed. "

