fileno%d
e still experts in the castle.
 However, just like the Lin family, they only left behind one divine power.
 Clearly, the news of the monster plant's clone being destroyed had been spread by the monster plant.
 But at this moment, they had no way to confirm what had happened.
 Perhaps it was to fight for the position of the pavilion elder. They were fighting so fiercely that they even used the monster plant clone.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was a little flustered!
 As for Li Hao, he followed the group's path and soon drilled into the ground. A door of light shook slightly, and a faint spiritual power spread out. There were people here too.
 At this moment, the monster plant's mental energy fluctuated non-stop with anger.""If you don't have ten million divine energy stones to compensate me this time, don't even think about having an easy time. Don't expect me to provide you with a single drop of the spring of life in the future!"
 "A bunch of bastards!"
 "Milord, please calm your anger!"
  At the door, a few old people hurriedly consoled him. All of them were trembling in fear. It seemed like they were also frightened.
 At this moment, the date tree's voice reached Li Hao's ears.""Sigh, this is what a real monster plant is like!"
 This was the life that a monster plant should be living.
 Thinking about himself, he was really pathetic.
 That bastard Tian Jian only came to find him when he thought of it. He didn't think that he might not even come once in ten years. Look at him. He only broke a weak clone, but he scolded him like a grandson.
 This was the normal way of the weak attaching themselves to the strong!
 It was very envious.
 Li Hao sent a voice transmission, senior, do you want such a life? If you want it ... I can also grant senior's wish!"
 The date tree was instantly speechless.
 Forget it, I'm afraid of death.
 These fellows had come directly to kill the other party's true body. Even the true body of the Redwood tree had come. The other party was most likely doomed ... This could be considered the last bit of power he had left. He didn't want to take this path.
 At this moment, the monster plant's mental energy fluctuated slightly, and it suddenly charged forward.""Who is it?"
 In the underground hall, a few old men were a little confused.
 Just as he was thinking this, Hong, his vision went black, and he instantly lost all signs of life.
 In an instant, an earth drilling shuttle appeared.
 "Heaven-battling Army?"
 There was some fear in his mind power. Was this the heaven-drilling shuttle of the heaven battling Army?
 How could there be such a thing in this era!
 Before he could withdraw his mental energy, his mental energy was instantly shattered by a spear intent and two sword intents!
 The next moment, Li Hao and his team entered the relic.
 ……
 At this moment, in the ruins, a Golden Tree started to move.
 "Who are you?" he roared in anger.
 "It's you ... Venerable Hong Shan?"he seemed to be a little dazed.
 The Redwood tree instantly appeared and revealed its face. A face floated on the trunk with a smile.""I hope you're well,"
 "How is that possible? The space outside is unstable ..."
 When he thought of this, he was shocked. These people were here to kill him!  It definitely was!
 His clone might have been killed by them.
 There was no time to think. The other party immediately rushed towards the entrance. A huge tree in the shape of a human rushed towards the entrance. It wanted to escape!
 The ruins were their habitat.
 But at this moment, Sequoia was so strong that he could come out, so he had no problem.
 Everyone was stunned. Then, they looked on silently.
 In the next moment, a scream was heard.
 At the entrance, just as the branches of the big tree reached out, the space shattered with a boom. In an instant, the crown of the other party's tree, along with a small part of his body, disappeared!
 The giant tree quickly retreated with a look of disbelief and disbelief. His mental energy was in a sharp turmoil."How did this happen?"
 Even venerable Hong Shan was here, so why would I be cut by the space when I went out?
 "Truly ... Foolish!"
 The next moment, a monstrous aura burst out!
 BOOM!
 Tens of thousands of branches pierced through the sky and earth, instantly locking onto the injured tree. In an instant, the trunk of the tree was penetrated, and cracks appeared. The Golden Tree was also extremely angry and frightened!
 "You want to kill me ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao bellowed and slashed his sword!
 A wave of sword intent filled the world.
 The seven divine arts instantly erupted!
 The others also did not hold back and attacked one after another.
 Even the Black Panther did not stay idle. With a roar, it transformed instantly. The next moment, blood gathered and an afterimage appeared. Even the Redwood was shocked."Demon subduing envoy!"
 As soon as he finished shouting, a Thunderbolt struck!
 On the Golden Horn of The Phantom, a Phantom directly struck the Golden Tree, instantly burning it.
 "What are you waiting for?" Li Hao shouted angrily."Kill it!"
 The Redwood's reaction speed was too slow!
 The Redwood was already extremely shocked. Demon subduing envoy ...
 Needless to say, it really couldn't see through the Black Panther's background. At this moment, it was also shocked and even felt the suppression of its bloodline. However, compared to the Golden Tree, it was in a much better state.
  Taking advantage of the fact that the other party was a little dazed after being hit, it also gave its all in an instant.
 Countless branches pierced out!
 As a monster plant, it was very clear about the vital points of monster plants.
 A thick branch instantly pierced through the heart of life.
 "Ah!" The other party's origin gathered and let out a cry. An even more powerful origin power instantly swept out. With a boom, it was as if something had exploded. The next moment, the Golden Tree dimmed.
 The origin Energy was also instantly shattered.
 "Origin Dao has not been shattered yet!" Li Hao shouted."Sequoia, what are you doing?"
 "What?" Hong shanmu was shocked and immediately replied,"I forgot. There is no origin now. The Dao of origin can not be recovered even if it is still there ..."
 After explaining, it was also shocked. It seemed that these people had killed origin realm experts before.
 He didn't dare to delay. A great path that led to the heavens appeared and directly crashed into the Golden Tree. It was as if he had crashed into a certain void. With a boom, a great path appeared. It was the great path of the Golden Tree.

 At this moment, the other party's illusionary image was projected out with anger.""You're going to kill us all?"
 The last time he had killed the Golden Jiao, little tree had used the Thearch Palace to suppress the origin Dao.
 This time, the Redwood tree felt that its suppression of the great Dao of origin was not as strong as that of the small tree. When the great DAOs of the two sides collided, the Redwood tree actually seemed to be a little afraid.
 Li Hao frowned.
 Suddenly, he snorted coldly. At this moment, a blood-red saber intent suddenly overflowed from the starry sky sword.
 The saber intent of the blood Emperor!
 The starry sky sword had already recovered a lot. At this moment, when it came into contact with the saber intent, it suddenly became violent. Li Hao shouted,""Slash!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com A monstrous will instantly spread out!
 In the void, the two monster plants 'great Dao of origin shook.
 The Redwood was shocked!
  Blood saber!
 This was ... This was the saber intent of a venerable sovereign. It was the saber intent of the venerable sovereign from nmau!
 Li Hao actually had the other party's legacy!
 In his shock, Li Hao shouted angrily,""The power of a great Dao that suppresses it!"
 Hong MU's heart was filled with fear, but he didn't dare to delay. He still roared and unleashed all of his origin to suppress the other party's great Dao. The illusionary image of the Golden Tree rebelled with fear,""Don't ..."
 As long as the great Dao of origins was not destroyed, it still had a chance to recover.
 However, once the great Dao was shattered, it would have no chance at all.
 The saber intent, combined with the starry sky sword, was unbelievably powerful. It was extremely harmful to the great Dao of origins.
 The saber slashed down!
 Heaven and earth seemed to split apart. With a crack, that small great Dao instantly split apart and broke. Not long after, with a crack, it completely collapsed. The other party said with despair and unwillingness,""Sequoia ... You're too stupid. We're all monster plants, and they're humans ... You're actually helping the evildoers ... Neo martial is gone, and the era of the rise of the monster race has come. Today, monster plants are the most abundant ... You fool ..."
 The fey plant had been ruled by the human race for an era. Now, the human race had finally declined while the fey race had risen.
 Redwoods had cooperated with the human race to kill him.
 What an idiot!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The great Dao collapsed, and a strong power of origin quickly overflowed. The date tree and the Black Panther devoured it one after another. The red Redwood glanced at Li Hao and carefully began to devour as well.
 He was dead!
 When it killed the Golden Tree, it didn't want to cut off the path, but ... These people had actually cut it off themselves.
 This time, the other party was completely dead.
 How ruthless!
 Li Hao looked at director Zhou. Director Zhou shook his head. He couldn't absorb any more. If he did, he would reach seven elements. Then, he wouldn't be able to leave Li Hao's side. He wouldn't have freedom.
  Li Hao was somewhat regretful!  He frowned slightly. If that was the case ... Could it be that the others would not be able to enter the next level before the second awakening?
 He didn't say anything else and quickly stepped forward to dig open the trunk. A rich life force gushed out.
 Li Hao took out a large water tank and started to fill it.
 Lin Hongyu's body swayed when she saw that.
 So many!
 Countless springs of life.
 It was a little exaggerated, but Li Hao had more than 10000 drops to begin with. This tree did not seem to have much, only about 3000 drops, which was less than the HU clan's monster plants. Li Hao had been frowning.
 Take all the water from the spring of life.
 Then, he kept the tree trunk into his storage ring. He did not let anyone absorb the imperishable substance in it.
 Hong Mu was a little moved, but Li Hao calmly said,""Senior and senior date tree, please absorb the origin Energy. This is what you lack, and I still have use for the rest! In addition ... Next time, I hope ... It will be more successful and not need me to cut off the great Dao. Previously, when I killed those immortal monster plants and guards of the Imperial Palace, I directly used the projection of the Imperial Palace to suppress the great Dao of the other party. Senior redwoods ... Does he not have this ability?"
 "The guards of the Imperial Palace?"
 Redwoods was stunned. Where did the palace guards come from?
 Who was this?
 "Didn't you know that the great emperor had an Imperial Palace in the Silver Moon? Outside the palace, there is a monster plant, the guard of the Imperial Palace. It can summon the projection of the Imperial Palace and instantly suppress the great Dao. I thought that every monster plant has a similar ability. The previous few times, it directly suppressed the undying to death. This time, I asked the guard of the Imperial Palace to guard the Heavenly Star Town and suppress the Rose thorns. I didn't expect that ... Senior redwoods didn't know this!"
 Li Hao frowned."If I had known earlier, I would have brought the guards of the Imperial Palace."
 Hong Shan was speechless.
 This ... Who could do this?
 Li Hao's words made it clear that this was true. At the thought of this, he shuddered. Of course, if he could use the Imperial Palace, he could instantly suppress the great Dao. So, Li Hao had a force behind him?
 It was already numb!
  Yuanping martial Sciences University, the Imperial Palace, heaven battling city ... Was there any more?
 The experts in these places had all joined Li Hao.
 It was unbelievable!
 Also, other than the longevity Swordmaster's sword will, he also had the blood Emperor's saber will ... What kind of monster was this?
 At this moment, before the Redwood could speak, the date tree hurriedly said,""Governor li, if you trust me, you can summon my main body. There's no rush to kill the monster plant. My main body also has some strength. Although I may not be as strong as venerable Hong Shan, I will definitely do my best and will not hold back!"
 He almost said,"this guy showed mercy. I don't know how to do it. Hurry up and bring my main body here!"
 At this moment, date tree was filled with regret.
 If I had known, I would have come with my true body.
 Now that he had killed the monster plant, the origin Energy that the clone could devour was limited. If this was the main body ... He might be able to recover most of his strength. What a pity.
 Hong Mu was also shocked and cursed.

 You dog, you still want to snatch my position!
 The next moment, it transformed into a human and landed next to Li Hao. It smiled."Commander, there's no need to go through so much trouble. I haven't fought for a long time, and my origin has been destroyed. I didn't think of this before. Now that I have experience, I won't do it again!"
 It was only at this moment that it was completely convinced.
 Hong shanshu continued,"I was also at the peak of immortal realm in the past, but my recovery was slow, not as good as the one in the Heavenly Star Town. As for this date tree, it's probably just a wild demon. I was a member of the military back then, but it's just a wild demon from the outside world. Its strength had just entered the early stage of immortal realm. Now, its recovery is even worse ... Even if it comes in person, it might not be as strong as the governor himself!"
 At this moment, it was different. It couldn't even care about the origin Energy that the date tree and the Black Panther were crazily devouring. It couldn't be abandoned by Li Hao, or else ... It would lose its chance.
 There was a limit to how much the two of them could absorb from the power of the origin source. If he continued killing, the two of them would not be able to absorb much more. It would all be his.
 "Governor, there won't be a second time. The more I recover, the more I suppress them ..."
 Li Hao looked at it for a long time before he said, I hope so! You don't want to help, but many people do. Maybe you think you're at the peak of immortal realm and invincible, but in my eyes, I can summon dozens of people like you at any time!"
 "Do you know why you didn't choose them, not the ones in heaven battling city?"
 The Redwood was all ears.
  Li Hao said calmly,"because of checks and balances!" "I can't let one side become the dominant force. Whether it's you, the Imperial Palace's guards, or heaven battling city, I've only restored a part of it, not all of it, because ... You have to understand that this era is no longer neo martial arts 'era, but my, Li Hao's era!"
 He looked at the Redwood tree and said,"that's why you have a chance. You must cherish and grasp it!" Otherwise, with my ability, I can take any monster plant away at any time. Do I have to do it with you?"
 "If this happens again," Li Hao said coldly,"you can return to your base station and continue sleeping!"
 "I don't dare!"
 The Redwood tree quickly understood and bowed hurriedly. Lin Hongyu was a little shocked. This supremacy had always been arrogant. In its eyes, humans were weak. Even if it was a genius, the supremacy only treated it as a subordinate that could be cultivated.
 But in Li Hao's case, the other party was bowing and scraping ...
 Was the difference between people so great?
 "Let's go to the next shop!"
 "As for this place, after you get out, use your mental energy to tell people not to come close. Those guys can't tell who is who. With Yao Zhi's orders, they definitely won't dare to come close again!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hong Mu nodded.
 Soon, the group of people left the ruins. The Redwood spirit fluctuated with anger.""Get lost! Don't get close to this place. I want to recover my strength. Anyone who dares to come within a thousand meters will die!"
 The castle fell silent. The next moment, someone in the castle hurriedly replied,""Sir, please calm down. We won't get close ... Guards, seal off the surroundings and don't disturb Sir!"
 As for Li Hao, he had already led them on the earth drilling shuttle and disappeared from this place.
 ……
 On this day, Li Hao took the Redwood and went to every house.
 They were all single monster plants, and most of them were wild monsters. After the Redwood tree killed three monster plants, its combat strength had almost recovered to its peak, and it did not dare to devour the power of the origin anymore.
 If it continued devouring, Li Hao wouldn't be able to cover it anymore. It would directly break its domain, and then it would be finished.
 And it was very difficult to preserve the excess Origin Energy.
 Li Hao could only use his five elements domain to cover some of it. After the Redwood was compressed, Li Hao took it and stuffed it into the Black Panther's stomach. The Black Panther was so scared that it trembled. There were too many of them. If they exploded, it would be killed even if its stomach could contain them!
 ……
 At the same time.
 Heavenly Star City.
 The Imperial Palace.
 Underground.
 Rose thorns suddenly transformed into her human form. She was a little confused, and Heavenly Star King instantly sobered up."My Lord, what's the matter?"
 "Something's not right!"
 Rose thorns said in a deep voice,"has the world loosened? or is it something else? previously, there were many monster plants on the sky Star Island. They were all snatching energy. Today ... I suddenly discovered that the energy is more abundant. Why is this?"
 They seemed to be snatching energy, and a group of them died?
  It can't be!  Rose thorns was a little confused, but Heavenly Star King did not think that way. Instead, he smiled and said,""My Lord, could it be ... That the energy in the mine is spreading even more? This meant that the second recovery was really about to begin! The enemy can't control their energy. "
 Was it?
 Rose thorns, on the other hand, felt that the competition in the outside world had become less intense. However, being trapped in the ruins, her perception was not very clear.
 He felt a little uneasy.
 "I'll go to the security Department to take a look. There seemed to be some fluctuations last time ..."It suddenly said.
 In order to prevent any misunderstandings, it didn't go over last time.
 But now, he was a little uneasy.
 Did something happen outside?
 If a large number of monster plants really died ... It would be a big problem. It meant that a huge change had occurred.
 Soon, a rose pierced through the sky and earth.
 Not long after, they appeared in front of a dark and chaotic barrier.
 The thorny branches reached into the darkness.
 At this moment, a powerful aura suddenly burst out from the opposite side!
 It was as if the might of heaven and earth had descended!
 p On the other side, little tree was shocked. He immediately used the projection of the Imperial Palace and instantly shattered the branch that had pierced into the wall of darkness!  "Hmph!"
 A muffled groan could be heard from the opposite side!
 ……
 Rose thorns immediately retracted its branches, but at this moment, they had already been shattered.
 It was instantly a little annoyed!
 Bastard!
 The Golden Jiao's recovery speed wasn't slow, and it was very strong. The key was that it didn't show any mercy. It directly shattered its own branch. It seemed that the other party was fine last time.
 "Hmph!"
 He snorted again and thought,'no, I have to go to the mine as soon as possible. As for these guys ... I'll deal with them one by one later!'
 He turned around and quickly flew away.
 Since the Golden kun was still there, he might be injured if he went over rashly and was attacked by the chaos origin. It was better to forget it.
 Back in the underground hall.
  "Tell your son to contact the other parties as soon as possible," it said coldly."I'm going to explore the mine. I can't wait any longer!"
 "Please calm down, my Lord," the old heavenly astral King hurriedly said,"I'll get him to prepare ... The Golden Lion ..."
 "You're so stubborn, don't worry! This time, it will also be excluded. When I fully recover, I'll make it look good!"
 At this moment, it put aside the problem of the competition in the outside world being slightly less.
 Maybe those guys had absorbed a lot of divine power stones recently, so they stopped fighting for the free energy in the outside world?
 That was a possibility.
 That Li Hao had forced everyone to consume a large number of divine power stones. This was a good thing for monster plant.
 ……
 In the outside world, the nine divisions-the military law Division, the administration Division, the merit Examination Division, and the etiquette division-had quickly received a message from the imperial family, hoping to discuss cooperation and head to the mine as soon as possible.
 Taking advantage of Li Hao's recent disappearance, he might be able to activate a second recovery before he returned, or simply devour the energy of those mineral veins.

 Near SuperPower City.
 After killing the fifth undying monster plant, Li Hao frowned and stopped.
 The domain stood still.
 ,m At this moment, the date tree had already entered the storage ring and was no longer coming out, but the Redwood tree could not. As the main body, it was too powerful, and it would shatter the storage ring by itself and enter the spatial crack.  At this moment, the Redwood tree had turned into a small tree and was sticking to Li Hao nervously.
 It was because it had become stronger!
 Li Hao's domain kept expanding, and it was at risk of exploding.
 Once it exploded, it would be in danger.
 "Governor ... Why did you stop?"
 Countless thoughts appeared in the Redwood tree's mind.
  You think I'm eating too much?
 However, after killing the third monster plant, it did not absorb much. At most, it consumed some and absorbed some to repair itself.
 Li Hao shook his head and frowned. After a long while, he said,""Energy ... Can you feel it?"
 "What?"
 Li Hao frowned and said,"I said energy!" The energy in this area is getting denser. "
 The Redwood tree quickly replied,"it's normal. We usually absorb void energy. Now that five of us have died, our roots are broken, and we can't absorb void energy anymore. Naturally, the energy here will rise again."
 Li Hao frowned.
 "You can't kill him!"
 Hong Shan was stunned. Why?
 In fact, it had almost absorbed all of them. However, at this point in time, there were still six more to kill, including itself.
 "I've only killed five, and my energy has actually started to rise again ..."
 Li Hao frowned."If this continues, the energy in this area will rise rapidly. Strange. Can the world produce energy on its own?"
 "I will!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The Redwood tree gave an affirmative answer."Yes, the energy of heaven and earth is constant. Once a lot of people die, and many experts die, the energy will overflow. Moreover, some hidden energy will also be stimulated."
 At this point, Hong Mu seemed to have realized something.
 "Governor, you mean ... A second ... Recovery?"
 Frowning, Li Hao sensed the energy around him and nodded.""The energy in the vicinity has started to rise rapidly. There's a high probability that it's related to the fact that we killed a large number of divine abilities and then killed five monster plants, causing the energy to rise rapidly. "If this continues, an energy tide will appear here very soon, and the second recovery might be triggered earlier than expected."
 Damn it!
 He had only just sensed a slight difference, and he had to rely on his own Five Forces merging with heaven and earth to sense the difference.
 This wasn't just a matter of not being able to continue killing.
  Most importantly, there was a huge mine in stellarsky city.  In the past, many monster plants had been keeping watch and absorbing the energy overflowing from the big mine. However, if too many monster plants died, would it cause an unforeseen event?
 The energy that seeped out of the mine was absorbed by wuyao, causing a violent energy tide of the mine.
 An energy tide erupted, instantly causing a second recovery.
 At this moment, he thought of the first revival. At that time, there was not much energy between heaven and earth, but a mine vein exploded because too much energy had been deposited. There was a high probability that there were no monster plants in the ruins, so they could not help the mine vein clear the deposited energy.
 Thus, the first energy tide was produced.
 Li Hao stood still for a long time and said softly,""In that case, if the monster plant doesn't recover and doesn't absorb any energy, it will choose to stay still. The second recovery will come soon, and the world will recover its energy by itself!"
 Hong Mu thought for a moment."That's true," he said."But the governor feels that since we're awake and know that we're weak, who would give up on absorbing energy?"
 Therefore, it was almost impossible to rely on the monster plants to not absorb the energy between heaven and earth.
 Who would not absorb it?
 On that day, the little tree's roots had taken root in the void and extracted the nearby energy. On Silvermoon's side, who would not extract energy to revive themselves?
 They were afraid that if they were a little slower, they would be robbed.
 Li Hao thought for a while and quickly said,"we have to transplant senior date tree's main body here to absorb energy. Otherwise, if the energy is too rich, I'm afraid it will cause some trouble."
 There were still six monster plants here, but the energy in the territory of the five monster plants was rising rapidly. If no one was absorbing it, there would probably be a violent energy tide here very soon, and it might even engulf the entire central region.
 Li Hao finally realized the trouble.
 He didn't kill many before, so he didn't care.
 Today, he had killed five of them in one go, and now, he had lost five of his big appetites. This was the problem.
 Tian Jian felt a little strange,"then we're not killing him?" Also, is there any use in transplanting the date tree?"
 He felt that the date tree was very weak, so what was the use of transplanting it?
 Also,"now that the date tree has been transplanted, will there be an energy tide over at my sky sword Mountain?"
  Li Hao paused for a moment before he said,"No."
 "Why?"
 Tian Jian asked.
 Li Hao really didn't want to answer, but Hong Yitang coughed and said,""Look at that little tree. It's so hungry that it's only skin and bones. There's not much energy there, and it's starving to death. Where did the energy come from?"
 “……”
 Tian Jian was slightly embarrassed. He spoke as if it was his responsibility.
 Do I have money?
 Over the years, I've been able to gather a few million divine power stones to exchange for some resources, and that's even if I'm capable. If not for the fact that Silver Moon and the rest of the paupers have a sugar daddy like Li Hao, would they have the face to claim that I'm poor?
 I'm poor, but I'm richer than you!
 You guys would have broken a divine power Stone into pieces!

 Lin Hongyu understood what he meant and frowned.""Does this mean that we can't kill the other monster plants?"
 "It's not that it can't be killed!"
 Li Hao laughed."It's true that we can't kill them today. After I transplant some demon plants that are dying of hunger here and calm the energy tide here, we can kill them at will. There are many demon plants that are dying of hunger in the world!"
 For example, in heaven battling city, there were 36 people who were starving to death.
 If they were transplanted to various places with abundant energy, there would naturally not be any energy tide outbreak.
 What a joke!
 You're starving to death, and you still have extra energy to give?
 Silver Moon was about to break his head in frustration.
 A main city had 37, what about eight?
 He was so hungry that he was about to die.
  They couldn't outbid each other, so it wasn't easy for little tree to get some. Of course, he only managed to get a little. Otherwise, he wouldn't be so poor that he immediately ran away with Li Hao when he saw that he was rich.
 In the vast land of the Silver Moon, there was no energy left in the void!
 Otherwise, Silver moon's superpowers would not have had no choice but to run to the central region. Although there were many monster plants in the central region, there were far fewer compared to Silver Moon 's. Furthermore, there was a large mine here that could barely sustain itself. Some of the superpowers could still be absorbed, and there were still some remnants in the void for the superpowers to absorb.
 The Silver Moon really did not have a single drop left.
 "If that's the case, will there be any problems?" Lin Hongyu quickly asked.
 "No problem. We'll take down all 11 powerhouses. The ruins are sealed, so they can't run away!"
 Originally, Li Hao didn't want to make a move on these people, in case it caused too much of a commotion.
 But now, he had to move.
 Otherwise, no one knew what kind of trouble these monster plants would cause.
 He would lock down the remaining six Families First.
 When some of the energy here had dissipated and been absorbed, he would go and deal with them one by one.
 "Senior Sequoia, return to your original position and stay there to absorb the void energy. Don't let the energy tide burst out in SuperPower City, or it will be troublesome!"
 At this moment, Li Hao did not want the second recovery to begin.
 Neither did the Redwood.
 They could still eat their fill now, but once they recovered, they might be in big trouble.
 "Cough cough!" Director Zhou coughed."That ... Why don't we go back to Silver Moon and transplant a few monster plants?"
 He glanced at Li Hao.
 He also sighed.
 Silver moon's monster plants were too pitiful, almost starving to death. On Li Hao's side, due to the excessive energy, he was about to explode, and had no choice but to give up on killing the monster plants.  Otherwise, none of the 11 monster plants would survive this time!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was thinking about little tree.
 The little tree was a guard of the Imperial Palace, so it was not very willing to leave the Imperial Palace.
 However, little tree's main body was not considered powerful.
 There was no energy to speak of over there.
 ,m If little tree's main body came over, the territories of the previous 11 monster plants could be given to little tree. Even if divine power stones were not provided, little tree could still absorb a large amount of energy because the heaven and earth itself could restore energy.  If monster plants could move around freely, Silver moon's monster plants would have long since come out and sucked the entire central region of heavenstar dry!
 In addition, the Redwood tree had recovered too much.
 In fact, Li Hao didn't want to give it a chance to recover.
 It was actually very dangerous now. He was playing with fire.
 Of course, the two puppets, together with Li Hao and the others, could still put up a fight. However, if the Redwood tree continued to absorb energy and Origin Energy and reached the next level, it would be playing with fire.
 Once the other party became a great sage, it would be a huge problem.
 As for now, although the other party had absorbed a lot of Origin Energy, Li Hao had taken precautions and did not allow the other party to absorb the imperishable substance. Now that the Dao of origin had disappeared and his Origin Energy had become stronger, although his strength could be restored, it would be very difficult for him to advance any further. It would also be very difficult for him to strengthen his main body.
 The great Dao of origins could not support them. Even if the great Dao of origins really entered the sage level, their physical bodies could not keep up, and the increase in strength was limited.
 Li Hao was guarding against the Redwood's breakthrough.
 But at this moment, there were too many origins. Even the Black Panther could not take it anymore. However, if he did not gain anything from killing the demon plant, it would be a waste. Li Hao now had five immortal trees with him and a lot of imperishable substances. Li Hao was also afraid that the Redwood would have evil intentions and kill him directly. Thus, he took the risk.
 Five stalks might not be able to help it advance.
 But 11?
  It couldn't act on its own and needed Li Hao's help, but once Li Hao collected 11 monster plants, it might attract the other party's greed. This wasn't impossible.
 Li Hao had actually calculated it very clearly.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The energy was a little denser, but he was also worried that Redwood would rebel. Otherwise, it would not be too late to kill another two or three before returning to Silver Moon.
 When director Zhou said that, Li Hao nodded his head."I will consider it!"
 The Redwood was somewhat regretful,'that's a good thing for those guys! Those who dare to offend the governor should be killed!"
 Li Hao didn't know if it really thought so, or if it was just trying to benefit from Li Hao's accumulation of imperishable substance.
 But at this moment, Li Hao still chose to stop the slaughter.
 This time, he realized that the existence of these monster plants was not necessarily a bad thing. They were madly absorbing the void energy one by one, which delayed the progress of the second recovery. This was a good thing.
 There was another point, and that was, if the monster plants in Heavenly Star Town could not solve the problem of the mineral vein, then they should not be killed!
 Once they were all killed, the energy of the big mine would overflow. Without the existence of monster plants, it would easily collapse on its own.

 Luckily, he didn't mess around the last time. Before this, Chen Zhongtian was even prepared to invite Li Hao to his place as a guest to kill his family's monster plant. If he had killed it, there might have been a huge problem.
 Not only that!
 Li Hao thought to himself, there's still the Fengyun Pavilion.
 In the remains of Fengyun Pavilion, 99% of the monster plants also existed. It was unknown whether they were powerful or not. Once they were killed, there would be an energy tide that no one could absorb. Therefore, before killing them, one had to be fully prepared.
 It would be best to bring along a Fey plant that was about to starve to death. After killing the other party, let the one that was about to starve to death Guard the area in case the energy tide erupted.
 Silver Moon had the most of these starving monster plants!
 At this moment, Li Hao laughed. There was an advantage to having so many Silvermoon monster plants. They were all starving to death. Once they were stationed in a certain place, they could instantly absorb all the energy in that place!
 The second recovery would not be able to break out in advance unless the big mine exploded. Otherwise ... It was impossible.
 If the Silvermoon monster plants were moved over, to put it bluntly, it would probably take a few hundred years for them to recover again.
 How much energy there was, how much energy could these guys absorb?
  ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Soon, everyone returned to the Lin family.
 Li Hao sent the Redwood in.
 The group of people quickly left.
 As everyone was rushing towards SuperPower City, Lin Hongyu could not help but ask,""The governor didn't continue to kill. Is he worried about ... Lord Redwood?"
 Li Hao said calmly,"I won't test the heart of the monster plant. When I put away the trunk of the fifth monster plant, the Sequoia Dragon became a little unstable." It's clearly no longer absorbing Origin Energy, but it doesn't matter if I kill it or not. If I kill it, it'll take a risk, but it's still very eager for me to continue killing ... If I continue, what do you think will happen?"
 Lin Hongyu nodded and said,"those who are not of our race have different hearts!" Unless they had the power to suppress it, otherwise ... The governor was right. Even though the governor was strong, if an undying was fully awakened, it would be hard to deal with him now. The governor is indeed a genius. "
 Li Hao turned to look at her and laughed."No! Lin Hongyu, you're the real genius!" He said.
 "You flatter me, Governor!" Lin Hongyu smiled shyly.
 Li Hao cursed in his heart. This woman's brain was actually more active than anyone else 's.
 He was as smart as a ghost!
 As soon as Li Hao said that he wouldn't kill her, the woman probably guessed that Li Hao was more guarded against Redwood, afraid that he would be implicated. She said that those who were not of her race would have a different heart, hoping that Li Hao would separate her from Sequoia.
 Among those present, the two puppets probably didn't see through Li Hao's plan, and neither did sky sword. It was hard to say for the others, but this person knew it with a single look.
 No wonder he could become the city Lord.
 Lin Hongyu did not say much and quickly said,""Governor, I'll immediately arrange for people to seal off the other 11 families. However, the seal won't last too long. After a long time, people will still find out."  "Well, it's okay. After I deal with Fengyun Pavilion, the other forces will know!"
 Li Hao laughed."Just don't leak this information during this period of time. As for the millions of supers in the city ... Post a reward later on. Say that a Council of Pavilion elders has been established to reward them. Dupe those who have committed heinous crimes, troublemakers, and disobedient ones into the remains to cultivate. Kill them all!"
 Lin Hongyu's heart turned cold. Li Hao was more ruthless.
 After killing these troublemakers, disobedient ones, and criminals, the rest could only go with the flow.
 "Don't worry, commander!"
 Lin Hongyu continued,"but I'm afraid that I'm not strong enough to do it alone. Commander, do you think that senior Earthcover sword can stay behind and assist me?"
 Li Hao smiled.
 Hong Yitang also laughed.
 This woman was really interesting.
 The peak of six elements was not enough?
 In the city, there might not be a single magical power left, and the news had not been leaked. At least the Lin family still had two magical powers. Including her, there were a total of three. What was there to be afraid of?
 But since the other party had said so, Li Hao thought for a moment and said,""Martial uncle Hong still needs to work with me. As for you ..."
 He thought about it for a moment. Lin Hongyu wanted him to be at ease.
 Who should she send to help her take charge of the city?
  At this time, Li Hao realized that he didn't have many people under him that he could use.
 Don't be fooled by the appearance of many powerhouses. When it came to a critical moment, not many could be used.
 For example, who would stay behind to hold the fort now?
 Together with Lin Hongyu, they would take over the entire SuperPower City.
 He looked around. Maybe hou Xiaochen and director Zhou could do it, but they still had to deal with other people. If they stayed, they would attract attention. After all, these two were quite famous.
 Forget about Tian Jian, be careful not to fall into Lin Hongyu's trap. This woman was too smart.
 At this moment, director Zhou opened his mouth,"Governor, I think ... We should return to Silver Moon. First, we need monster plants!" The second ... Let commander Yu do it!"
 "Commander Yu?"
 "Right!"
 Director Zhou nodded,"the city of supers needs a powerful person to take charge. City Lord Lin is in charge of pacifying them. We will need one person to clear them out!" Commander Yu had been in charge of the Silver Moon Army for many years. He was decisive and did not speak much, but he was trustworthy. Commander Yu also has many years of experience in commanding an Army. Even if he does not command an Army, he still has his own rules and propriety. Give some armor to the Silver Moon Army ... Commander Yu will be in charge. Even if there is a riot caused by the supers, commander Yu will be able to solve the problem and suppress them!"

 "This ... Is something that the martial masters of the pugilistic world can't compare to!"
 At this moment, he didn't hold back.
 This matter was indeed not something that the martial masters of the underworld could solve. They might be powerful, but in the event of a riot or chaos, these martial masters might only know how to kill.
 Killing might be a good idea, but chaos might not be resolved.
 ,m Huang Yu had led troops to quell many rebellions, and he was the key to the Silver Moon Army's obedience. However, he was a man of few words and rarely asked for anything. After he killed the Golden Jiao, he left quickly and did not stay long.  Out of the four Guardsmen, Kong Jie was the most impulsive. Hou Xiaochen had both brains and brawn, but he had a bit of a chivalrous air. Director Zhao was a wily old fox, and Huang Yu had a pure military style.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and nodded.
 He had to admit that if director Zhou didn't mention it, he wouldn't have thought of commander Yu. But now that he mentioned it, Li Hao felt that it was indeed very appropriate.
 Huang Yu, the ogre of the three great commanders.
 His nickname was unpleasant, but he had indeed intimidated the Silver Moon martial arts world back then. When it was time to make a move, he was extremely ruthless. He was ruthless, but he did not kill indiscriminately. He was more famous than ha ha monster and sickled ghost, but there were very few people who knew his identity.
  Almost everyone who saw him was dead, because it meant that they had committed unforgivable crimes. Besides, Huang Yu rarely showed mercy. The code of Brotherhood did not work for him.
 Li Hao thought to himself, that's right, how could I forget this person?
 Lin Hongyu raised her brows and smiled.""I have long heard of your name. If you are willing to come to SuperPower City, I will definitely assist you and hand over SuperPower City to you. It will not be in vain."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao laughed."City Lord Lin, don't misunderstand. Commander Yu will only come to quell the rebellion. At other times, city Lord Lin has the final say!"
 Lin Hongyu wanted to say something, but Li Hao smiled and said,""Just like this! Looks like I'll have to make a trip to Silver Moon. It's a pity that I don't have a teleportation formation, so every trip is a waste of time. "
 Fortunately, he had the earth drilling shuttle now, but the consumption was too great.
 To return to Silver Moon, he would have to travel ten to twenty times and spend one to two million divine stones. Li Hao was actually reluctant to do so, but the speed would be very fast, and he could travel a thousand miles in one trip.
 However, even if he rushed back with all his might, it would not even take a day.
 As they spoke, everyone returned to their previous location.
 The third elder seemed to have calmed down at this moment. His face was not as pale as before when he saw the crowd. He hurriedly saluted Li Hao."Greetings, commander. Long live the commander!"
 “……”
 Li Hao chuckled and comforted him."You're too polite, third elder. You're Mayor Lin's elder, so you're my elder." Now, the Lin family only has a few apostles left. The huge power City still needs the Lin family's support. Third elder, please assist Governor Lin. Once the world is at peace, Governor Lin has helped me to suppress the power City. Your contribution will not go unnoticed and the Lin family will be rewarded in the future. "
 The third elder's face brightened and he hurriedly said,""Governor, you're too kind. I ... I will definitely assist the red ... City Lord!"
  "Yes!" Li Hao nodded with a smile."Did anyone come to investigate us while we were walking?"  "No... However, some people from the other clans tried to approach me, but I chided them and sent them away. I told them that the experts from the other clans were sparring and needed some time, so I didn't want to disturb them," zhang xuan replied.
 "Mm, that's good!"
 Li Hao looked at Lin Hongyu and said,"I will not interfere with this matter. Governor Lin, please handle this matter properly. Do you want someone to impersonate a powerful being or continue to hold this meeting with the excuse that you can make your own decision? for the time being, at least before I take care of Fengyun Pavilion, I hope that this will not be leaked when we are in SuperPower City!"
 "Definitely!"
 Lin Hongyu nodded hurriedly.
 Seeing that she seemed to want to say something, Li Hao suddenly smiled.""When I'm done with the matter at hand, you can come to stellarsky city to find me. The divine text technique is no secret."
 Lin Hongyu was overjoyed!
 This was exactly what she wanted. When she saw that the others were using it and didn't need a divine weapon to protect their meridians, she was tempted. Now that Li Hao had offered it, she was happy.
 This person was indeed intelligent.
 'He hasn't even said anything, and the other party already knows what I want. No wonder he rose so quickly in such a short time. A powerful man who can bring you benefits, kill powerful enemies, and even show you a bright future ... It was indeed the right choice to rely on this person.'
 "Many thanks, Governor!"
 "You're welcome. It's what I should do. "
  Li Hao laughed. Beside him, director Zhou and the others also laughed, especially director Zhou. The last time Li Hao went back, he didn't have the aura of a King.
 Therefore, he said a lot that time, but soon, Li Hao's side became more and more dignified.
 In a short period of time, he had captured the hearts of many powerhouses, who were willing to fight with him.
 Benefits, favors, future, light ...
 This was what Li Hao had revealed in a short time.
 Li Hao had really grown.
 Using both kindness and severity, he quickly pulled everyone to the same front line. Silver moon's old Martial Master, Tian Jian and the rest of the pugilistic world, hou Xiaochen, Yao si, Chen Zhongtian and the rest of the old foxes in the government ...
 At this moment, everyone, including Lin Hongyu, was quickly taken by Li Hao.
 It could not be said to not be fast, but it could not be said to not be strong.
 The three great organizations, the imperial family of the nine divisions, and the seven divine mountains might have to join forces to resist Li Hao's rising momentum.

 "Time waits for no one, then I won't be staying any longer!"
 He had to move the monster plant over to absorb the energy tide that was about to erupt. In addition, he had to find Huang Yu. It just so happened that he had to go to Silver Moon to settle these things. As for the sky sword Mountain ... He would continue to stay at the date tree.
 If not for the fact that he had to return to Silver Moon, it would be closer to the other side, but since he was going back to Silver Moon, he might as well head there to settle the matter.
 "Take care, commander!"
 Lin Hongyu and the third elder sent them off respectfully. Li Hao activated the earth-drilling shuttle again and left quickly with everyone.
 …………
 After they left, the third elder suddenly sighed.""Hongyu ... You ... I know what you're thinking. If we don't kill the great elder and the others, our Lin family has 11 God-tier powerhouses. Even if they were to join the star military governor's office, they would still have a place. Now ... There are many Silver Moon martial masters. Look at their strength. They are extremely powerful. After all, we are a family."
 "Third elder doesn't understand," Lin Hongyu said calmly."Those people aren't good people. Some of them even have grudges with the Silver Moon Martial Master. Inspector li won't let them go even if he finds out! Since that's the case, why don't you let me deal with it personally as a sign of my loyalty? Governor li won't be able to pursue the rest of the Lin family. Besides ... A bunch of people who were holding them back and only had the brains to claim hegemony. If he didn't get rid of them, it would only be a matter of time before they attracted a great disaster! Third elder has also seen the strength of these people. Do you think ... Our Lin family has the right to fight for hegemony?"
 The third elder shook his head and sighed,"I didn't expect ... I really didn't expect this. It's too terrifying!" Hundreds of Sacred Arts were killed by them in such a short time!"
  At that moment, he was really scared out of his wits.
 He laughed bitterly,"the Billboard, my ass! What the hell is this?" I can't believe that Earthcover sword, Heavenly Sword, and Zhou Chuan are all so powerful. I think ... None of them are weaker than you. However, some of them are not on the list, some are ranked 40th or 50th, and some of them are even worse than the other family Masters. What a bullsh * t Fengyun Pavilion, they are randomly ranked!"
 If it weren't for the Billboard, they wouldn't be so arrogant.
 Other than Lin Hongyu, who was at the top of the ranking list, some of the family heads of the other families were also on the ranking list, and their rankings were quite high. The 12 aristocratic families would see that they were not weak!
 This was the reason why the city of superpower agreed to the establishment of the Council of cabinet elders. They were not weak, so they had to fight. They were afraid of the imperial family of the nine divisions and the three major organizations, but now ... Ha, do they think we are afraid of you?
 "Third elder, do you think ... This list ... Was really made by Fengyun Pavilion?" Lin Hongyu sighed.
 "What?"
 "Fake!"
 The third elder was stunned. How could this be!
 "It's probably the governor. "
 Lin Hongyu chuckled."The Fengyun Pavilion was obviously targeting the stellarsky military governor's office that day. When the list was released, we were wondering why three people of the seven branches had appeared. Now I understand. The list was fake. The real list might not have even been released. As for Fengyun Pavilion, the governor has been saying that he wants to get rid of them. He probably doesn't want to give them the chance to release a second list. He wants to kill them first. "  The third elder was in disbelief!
 "Why would I?"
 "Why wouldn't I?"
 Lin Hongyu chuckled."As long as we catch the source and stop their list from being leaked, the list that they printed will naturally become real. Even the Fengyun Pavilion can't change it. No one will believe it if it's leaked out. The reputation of the list will be completely destroyed! "Therefore, even if the other party is angry, they can only endure it and wait for the next update of the list to spread it before Governor li does!"
 "Oh?" the third elder understood and gasped."This technique ... Is really impressive!"
 Right now, the whole world was staring at the three seven elements, and they somewhat ignored and underestimated Li Hao. Li Hao hadn't shown any signs of activity recently, so no one paid any attention to him.
 In the end, Li Hao didn't stay idle at all in private.
 "Yup!"
 Lin Hongyu sighed."I just thought of it. Also, that Chen Zhongtian has been following him all this time ... It seems like the inspection Division has also joined the star military governor's office in secret. With the city of supers, the sky sword villa ... And the Silver Moon's support, the star military governor's office is probably the most powerful force in the current generation! As for the forces behind him, he's currently the only one who can kill Yao Zhi's true body, and he has the support of heaven battling city's various major cities. With him around, they will recover one by one sooner or later, so ... If the Lin family doesn't join him, do you think we should go against him and wait for death?"
 "Chen Zhongtian?"
  "Who?" the third elder was stunned.
 "That pretty boy!"
 "Don't tell me third elder didn't recognize you?"Lin Hongyu laughed.
 “……”
 The third elder thought for a while and said,""I was wondering why he looked familiar. So it's him! I didn't expect this, no wonder!"
 After saying that, he suddenly laughed."This Chen Zhongtian is also a wonderful person. He has great foresight. Although he is suspected of being a fence-sitter, he has made the right choice every time. Back then, he chose the nine divisions and forged the glory of the inspection Bureau for 80 years. Today, he chose the Heavenly Star governor's office ... Maybe ... He is right."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Lin Hongyu nodded and did not say anything else. She quickly said,""The most important thing now is to stabilize SuperPower City and delay the news ... Third elder, you have to cooperate with me and do not make any mistakes before general Huang Yu arrives."
 "I understand!"
 The next moment, Lin Hongyu's voice rang out,"there were five rounds of martial arts competition today. Each of them had their own skills. I have benefited a lot from this. Today, five Pavilion elders have been born. They are the Huang family's Huang Ming family head, the Liu family's Liu Yue family head ..."

 "In SuperPower City, there will be 30 Pavilion elders. There will be five matches a day. The rest of you will observe the battle of skills. In six days, the pavilion elders will be decided!"
 In the next moment, there was a commotion in SuperPower City.
 Today, five Pavilion elders were born. Four of them were family heads, but one of them was an Overlord of wandering cultivators.
 The city instantly became lively.
 Many people were extremely regretful."It's a pity that it's only for the big shots to watch. Otherwise, it's good to watch the battle of mystical powers and gain some knowledge. There are five battles a day and it will last for six days!"
 "Senior Skyblade is amazing. He became a Pavilion elder as a rogue cultivator. He will be the pavilion elder of SuperPower City in the future. It's a pity that we are not qualified to participate ..."
 "It's a good thing for us that wandering cultivators can join the Council of Pavilion elders!"
 “……”
 Everyone discussed animatedly, and the news quickly spread.
  On the first day, five powerful elders were selected from the superpower City.
 As for the blocked communication jades, it was said that the mayor's mansion had sealed off the surroundings and didn't allow the video of the fight to be leaked.
 At this point, no one thought much about it.
 In any case, there were still five more days before it should be over.
 As for the other 11 clans, 5 of them had their god art completely wiped out.
 As for the remaining six families, Lin Hongyu did not hold back either. She took advantage of the darkness and personally killed the divine abilities of these families on the spot. Her peak six-elemental power was not something these people could compare to.
 A large number of city guards also quickly locked the remaining people of these families in their territories. Everything was done in secret. At this moment, everyone's attention was on the city Lord's mansion in the city, and no one paid attention to the other residences.
 ……
 Heavenly Star City.
 The Imperial Palace.
 This was the first time these experts had entered this place in many years.
 In the main hall, the current heavenly astral King was saying something. His main focus was on the two experts, the military law Division and the division administration Division.
 "The venerable one is saying that even if we don't activate the second recovery, we have to seize some energy. Recently, the various families have consumed too much energy, and the spring of life is short. On the other hand, Li Hao's strength is constantly growing ..."  "Li Hao's strength is also increasing day by day ... Even if it's for our own sake, we should take a risk and turn hostility into friendship. If we continue to confront each other, Li Hao will be the only one who benefits."
 "Currently, SuperPower City is also selecting a new cabinet elder to rule the world. The various families in SuperPower City are not weak and have many abilities ..."
 As King Tian Xing spoke, Qi Pingjiang listened quietly. After a long time, he said,""The one guarding the mine is probably not easy to deal with. We are weak and can't help much."
 "No problem!" Heavenly astral King laughed. Our mission is very simple. Clear out the soldier armors guarding the mine! Leave the Vice Commander-in-Chief to the sovereigns. We'll be in charge of cleaning up the soldier armors. "
 The powerhouses all chose to remain silent.
 At this moment, a faint spiritual force spread out, and the thorny rose turned into an illusionary shadow of a tree.""It's for your own good that I'm letting you all enter together. Furthermore, there are some arrangements in the mine vein that perhaps only humans can enter. After this success, each family would receive 500 drops of the spring of life. In addition, in the future, they would be able to exchange for 10000 divine energy stones for one drop of the spring of life! "We'll try our best to delay the second recovery. The premise is ... That we must become stronger! Otherwise, it's not good for us to delay. But if we don't delay, you're not strong enough. Can you guarantee that you'll reach the Paragon level once you're resurrected for the second time? Or even undying?"
 Then he continued,"also, you'd better release Jiang Chen. He's a master of the star Army. He has the bloodline of the general of the star Army. I know you're not sure if you can trust him. So this time, I want you to go with him. Although you're restricted, I still hope you can cooperate with him and let him move ..."
 This was also the key.
 A teacher!
 It would be very useful at a critical moment. The current vice Commander-in-Chief didn't have the right to strip Jiang Chen of his master's status.
 Once the Vice Commander-in-Chief was caught, Jiang Chen could even take control of the Heavenly Star Town through some means.
  Most of the higher-ups in the Heavenly Star Town had died. Only the Vice Commander-in-Chief and the monster Plant Guardians were left. There were only ten division commanders in the Heavenly Star Town, and they had all died. Now, only Jiang Chen had inherited the position of division commander.
 With him around, they would have a chance to completely seize the entire mine.
 It would be for the best if they could avoid sharing it with others. Rose thorns hoped that they would monopolize the mine. The so-called second recovery was only a choice they made when they had no other choice.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As soon as he said that, a man who looked very gentle on the Qi Ping River frowned slightly.""Jiang Chen wants to get out of this?"
 "I've already told you," rose thorns said coolly."You can still control him after you enter, but if necessary, you'll have to escort him to some key locations. This is what you should do. Do you really have to give Li Hao and silver Moon a chance to resurrect before you'll be happy?"
 The old Secretary of the administration Division was silent for a while before he slowly said,""That's fine, but there's a condition. I need 500 drops of the spring of life from the military division and the Division of Administration right now."
 "After that ..."
 "No, now!"
 "I know. If you have it, you can take it out!" The old Secretary said calmly. We need to upgrade the others in case something happens when we go down. If you take it out now, we'll go down. Otherwise ... We'll just keep waiting!"

 Rose thorns was furious!
 In other words, both parties needed 1000 drops.
 It was not that it did not have one!
 However, to the monster plants, taking away their stored spring of life was no different from taking their lives. They did not want to give it up.
 However, this person was extremely determined. It was silent for a while, then said coldly,""Alright, I agree!"
 Up above, the heavenly astral King's eyes flickered.
 At this moment, he couldn't help it.
 1000 drops!
 What about the royal family?
 He wanted to bring it up, but he could feel an angry aura rising in the surroundings. He sighed in his heart and didn't speak again.
  If he mentioned it, rose thorns would probably be really angry.
 Qi Pingjiang also laughed."Then it's decided. Three days later ... Let's set off!"
 "Why do you need three more days?"
 Rose thorns was a little annoyed. Qi Pingjiang laughed and said,""My son has four elements now. I've given him the spring of life. After absorbing and digesting it, five elements won't be a big problem. Six elements will depend on luck ... It will take time, won't it?"
 Although rose thorns felt that a long delay would bring more trouble, she had waited for many years. After some consideration, she agreed."Then three days later!"
 The few of them did not say anything more and left.
 After they left, a wave of mental energy exploded with some anger.
 "A group of ant-like trash dares to bargain with this Lord!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The heavenly astral King didn't say a word.
 They are ants, and my Jiang family is no different.
 Of course, he didn't need to say it out loud as long as he knew what he was doing.
 However, he thought to himself that it would still be difficult to escape the control of these monster plants after the second revival. However, it would be even more difficult to escape from the control of these monster plants after the second revival. This era was too difficult. These monster plants were the Kings.
 However, thinking about it, now that all the families were like this, he felt a lot more at ease.
 As for Li Hao ... No one knew how he had come to an agreement with monster plant. They found it unbelievable that three thousand divine energy stones could be exchanged for one drop of the spring of life. They had no idea how he had done it.
 On second thought, if his father could take control of the Heavenly Star Town this time ... Perhaps the Jiang family wouldn't lack these things.
 It was a good thing!
 If they succeeded this time, the Jiang family would definitely be able to grow rapidly and take control of the Heavenly Star Town. That would be completely different.
 As for the monster plants, he still needed their help.
 Even if they did not lack divine energy stones, they would still need their help. After all, the world was still the world of the human race, wasn't it?
 Other than the retired emperor above her head, there was no difference.
 ……
 In the Imperial Palace, as the various parties reached an agreement, Li Hao quickly rushed toward Silver Moon.
 Along the way, he was also counting his gains.
 He had killed five of them, but he did not get much from the spring of life. He only got around 15000 drops.
 In addition to the ones he had refined before, he now had more than 25000 points.
 One jar was almost full.
 In addition, the monster plant's five true forms were all undying bodies, but they were much weaker than true undying bodies.
 There was some Origin Energy, but it was all stuffed into the Black Panther's stomach.
 After killing so many people, he had only obtained about 60 million divine power stones, which was not a lot.  For the city of supers, they had killed so many powerhouses and this was all they got.
 Li Hao still felt some regret!
 Of course, the Black Panther, little date tree, and Redwood were full. Director Zhou was also full, and so was little sword. This was not bad.
 At this moment, Li Hao only brought Black Panther.
 The Black Panther was lazy and seemed to want to sleep.
 He had eaten too much!
 He was panicking!
 This fellow was also strange. It didn't need Li Hao's protection. It wasn't weak, perhaps even stronger than Li Hao, but its power was concentrated in its blood. Only by burning its blood could it unleash its powerful strength.
 Otherwise, his strength would be average, probably at the peak of six elements.
 As a result, space would not cut it.
 This way, this fellow could move freely. Otherwise, he could only stay in the ruins.
 "Black Panther, who do you think I should revive this time? Or should we go to another city instead of heaven battling city and go to the main city of the Zhao family?"
 At this moment, Li Hao was a little hesitant.
 If heaven battling city was revived this time ... Heaven battling city's strength would rapidly grow, and it would be somewhat uncontrollable. Although heaven battling city would be of great help to him, Li Hao felt that he couldn't completely rely on heaven battling city.
 That would be too dangerous!
 From the very beginning, Li Hao had been focused on the recovery of heaven battling city, and now, he had his own plans.
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 "You also think that we can't put all our eggs in one basket, right?"
 Black Panther rolled his eyes.
 Forget it. This guy was just asking casually. He probably already knew what was going on. He knew Li Hao very well. After all, he had grown up with Li Hao, so he probably knew Li Hao better than anyone else.
 "Little tree, the Zhao family's main city ..."
 After mumbling to himself, Li Hao thought of locust tree and its 36 auxiliary generals.
 This time, he had harvested a total of 5 undying trees.
 This was extraordinary!
 However, heaven battling city was the city he was most familiar with, so at least he had some understanding of it.
 "Do you have to revive the monster plants? Where is he?"
 For example, director Wang and the 9th Division commander.
 Although the ninth master had hit him twice, he felt ... That it was alright.
  The imperishable substance was useless to them?
 Previously, they had said that even if one's physical body had decayed, the imperishable substance could also restore one's physical body if one had sufficient energy. With five immortal imperishable substances combined with endless energy, could it be that not a single person could be revived?
 It might be difficult to become a Supreme Saint, but the ninth master and the others were only undying.
 At this moment, Li Hao made a decision. Perhaps ... He should not continue reviving the monster plants. The gap between humans and demons was too great, and it was easy for something big to happen.
 Even if the five undying trees could revive five powerful monster plants, it might only be enough for one human to revive, and they were only undying ... The price-performance ratio was very low, but Li Hao had made his decision.
 Perhaps ... It was time to recover!
 As for Jiang Ying and the others, he didn't consider them for the time being. Firstly, he wasn't too familiar with them. Secondly, these two had puppets in their bodies, so it wouldn't be easy to separate them. Perhaps only great saints could do it. That Managing Director might not be willing to do it now.
 With these thoughts in mind, Li Hao quickly charged toward Silver Moon.
 He had returned after three days.
 He was sure that the ninth master and the others would be very happy to see him.

