fileno%d
gate is the entrance to this world," director Wang continued."The world was originally perfect and there would be no gaps. But in order to connect the two worlds, the Stargate was built."
 "It's the area where the moon is in the sky ..." He continued."Of course, there is a limit to the sky of the Silvermoon world. You can't fly out. The Stargate can't reach it directly. It's the gate suspended at the end of the world."
 "Why can't I fly out?"
 Li Hao was a little confused, too. He had tried it before, but he couldn't continue flying after a certain point, as if he had encountered a barrier.
 Director Wang explained,"the world barrier of a small world is like a crack ... The Stargate is in the crack. We are under the crack, and the universe is outside the crack ... So, when we fly to a certain height, we will encounter the world barrier. This is unbreakable! Of course, if you have the power of a venerable sovereign, you still have a chance to break it. "
 Just pretend I didn't say anything.
 The world barrier!
 Li Hao finally understood.
 Stargates were located within the world barrier. They passed through the Silver Moon and were connected to the universe. No wonder the Stargate he saw seemed to be standing in the endless void.
 He looked up again and didn't say anything.
  At this moment, he looked at the others, smiled, and nodded.""Then let's not reminisce about the past. We'll hold a military meeting to deal with the Li Dynasty's invasion."
 After saying that, he turned to look behind him. There, a large number of troops were rushing over.
 Many, many times!
 The wasteland outside the Silver City was almost too big for them.
 At this moment, the sound of panting could be heard.
 Li Hao's voice spread out,"set up camp here!" Without my order, stay where you are and don't move!"
 "Yes!"
 In the distance, the heaven-battling Army and the demon-hunter Army responded loudly. Only the other troops were a little confused, and then responded in a sloppy and messy way.
 Looking at the situation, director Zhao's face scrunched up.
 These ... Were a Motley crowd!
 It was really a Motley crowd. It looked scary. There were a total of two million soldiers, but most of them were ordinary people. It was so chaotic. Once the war started, these people ... Even if they were cannon fodders, they would not be able to block the way.
 The people that Li Hao had brought were almost useless. The only benefit was that they wouldn't be scattered across the North and cause chaos.
 The most important thing was that the million strong Army had to eat, drink, sh * t.....It was actually not a small burden.
 Since he had brought it, he couldn't possibly not give it food and drink, right?
 If they starved to death, they would do anything.
 Li Hao didn't say much. He ordered the experts of each department to have a meeting at the inspection Office.
 Yes, Inspection Office.
 Li Hao was most familiar with this place. It was also the place where he had worked for more than a year.
 ……
 In front of the patrol office.
  That fatty mu Sen was still there.  Seeing Li Hao and the others, they all smiled brightly.
 Even his brother, Mu Lin, looked at his younger brother from afar and felt a little disdainful. He smiled so brightly that those who didn't know would think that there was some happy news. Didn't you see that the Li Dynasty was coming to kill them?
 Not only mu Sen, but there were also other supers present. They were sent by the Silver Moon Nightwalker headquarters after Li Hao and the others left. Li Hao knew a few of them, including elder Huang, who was the acting Minister of Silver City.
 In the past, Fang's riyao's strength was something that people could only admire.
 Although Huang Yun had attained three yang and had even opened some apertures, he was not worth mentioning in the eyes of the crowd.
 "Governor!"
 "Welcome home!" Mu Sen was still smiling brightly.
 Li Hao also smiled.
 "Secretary mu, long time no see!"
 After leaving the silver Blizzard city, Li Hao had returned once, but he left quickly and didn't interact with them. Now that he saw these people, he felt a little familiar.
 "Please, commander!" Mu Sen hurriedly said.
 Li Hao didn't say anything more and followed mu Sen to the inspection Office building.
 At this moment, some of the blizzard Silver city's patrol inspectors were watching. Many of Li Hao's acquaintances were amazed. In their eyes, Li Hao was still that shy little boy.
 He was honest and hardworking.
 Whoever knew that in just half a year, he would soar to the sky. It was simply unbelievable.
 When Li Hao had left the silver Blizzard city, no one had expected him to return in such a manner.
 …………
 Li Hao's feelings were complicated. Silver City was his hometown.
 There were many secrets buried here.
  However, this time, he had not returned to explore the secrets, but to face a strong enemy. The Li Dynasty still had the strength.
 They entered the big conference room.
 Soon, experts arrived one by one.
 Of the four guardians of Silvermoon, other than Kong Jie, who was still holding the fort at stellarsky city, the other three had arrived.
 On the hero list, there were also many powerhouses gathered.
 In addition to these Silvermoon soldiers, there were also a few more people. Qian Wuliang, who had just made a great contribution, the ninth Division commander and director Wang of heaven battling city, Liu Long, who came from the Silver City, the commanders of the other two armies of the Silvermoon Army, and Hu dingfang, who had not been seen for a long time, were also present.
 There were a few others that Li Hao didn't recognize. They had come with director Zhao. They weren't weak, and there were young and old ones.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In addition, there was also Chen Zhongtian from Tian Xing city, the old Secretary of the Internal Affairs Division, mu Qingsong, and the head of the night patrols, Yao si ...
 At this moment, Li Hao's side was also filled with powerhouses.
 Overseer sword, Yuan Shuo, and the others were still in the central area, but they had also received orders and were rushing over. Director Zhou and Lin Hongyu could only stay in the central area. With the cooperation of Chen Yao and the others, they were temporarily stabilizing the situation in the central area.

 At this moment, the people who entered the meeting room were also sighing.
 Feeling each other's powerful aura, they both sighed.
 Jin gun and the others felt even more complicated.
 They had thought that their strength was at the top here, but now that they had really met each other and sensed each other's strength ... Tsk, they were all at the bottom.
 Li Hao didn't waste any time.
 He immediately said,"sit down first!" Let's talk about business later. Director Zhao, tell us about the situation. "
 Director Zhao quickly said,"three days ago, the Li Dynasty started to send troops from the other side of the Cang mountains. There are about a million people. As for the exact number, I don't know yet. As for the exact situation, I don't have any more detailed information."
 He continued,"there are two systems in the Li Dynasty. One is the temple system, and the other is the dynasty system. They advocate the right to rule by God. Therefore, there are actually two leaders in the Li Dynasty. One is the king of the Li Dynasty, and the other is the temple officiant."
 "The Li Dynasty cultivates the path of beginner martial arts ..."
  Director Wang raised his hand and Li Hao looked at him. Director Wang added,""It can't be said to be the beginner's system. In fact, the beginner's system disappears in the later stages. The beginner's system is one Dao for one person, and ten thousand DAOs are cultivated together! The descendants of beginner level martial artists now are actually similar to our neo martial arts cultivation system, but there is a difference ... They don't cultivate the origin Dao! Instead, I'll walk the path of the elemental and the physical Dao. "
 He then added,"it's actually very similar to the martial masters of the modern era!" Strictly speaking, according to the governor, this era is also the beginning of Silver moon's martial arts ... Thus, there are many similarities between them. "
 Li Hao understood.
 He continued to look at director Zhao, who said,""In the Li Dynasty, there are some tribal forms, and their development direction is different from ours. However, they are extremely brave. Because there are many demons in the mountains where they live, and their tribes also fight each other, they might have more battle experience than us ... Of course, I am talking about the ordinary soldiers. "
 "Previously, I had reached an agreement with some experts from the ancient cities. I summoned nearly 100 experts from the ancient cities to come out of the mountains and cut out a portion of their natural source. Although they did not have the strength of seven elements, most of them had at least the strength of five or six elements, at the fifth or sixth level of the mountain sea realm!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "In the end ... None of them came back."
 "This is not a simple matter," he said solemnly."I've communicated with some experts in the ancient city. They said that some people's origin source avatars were killed instantly, and they shouldn't have gathered together ... So it wasn't one person who killed their avatars, but many people!"
 At this moment, an old Martial Master Li Hao didn't know suddenly interjected. He didn't raise his hand like the others, but directly said,""I know a little bit about that ..."
 "Please go ahead, senior," Li Hao smiled.
 The old Martial Master wasn't used to everyone looking at him. He muttered in his heart, why are you looking at me?
 Did he have to raise his hand?  He was used to freedom, but he was not used to this behavior. He did not care anymore and immediately said,""Just as the one with the surname Zhao said, the Li Dynasty is distributed in tribes. This time, the Li Dynasty has mobilized an army of one million, and almost everyone is a Martial Master! It should be the powerhouses of all tribes moving out together ... But the Dali tribe is not harmonious with each other, and only the King of Dali can command them ... Of course, there is also the officiant of the temple. "
 "The Li Dynasty also looks at one's strength, and they look at it even more seriously than we do. The Centurions of the Li Dynasty definitely have the strength of over 100, and the chiliarchs even have the combat strength of US battle chiliarchs!"
 "Of course," he added,"it's said that there's a new system now, so it's not easy for me to make a comparison ... But according to the previous division of superpowers, the Li Dynasty's chiliarchs ... They're not called chiliarchs. Let's put it this way, they're probably between the sun glory and the three suns. As for the Major-Generals, they definitely all have the power of sunrise. "
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 "Not really,"
 The old man explained,"there aren't many powerhouses in their Army, the top-notch ones ... But the temple priests and the royal guards are all top-notch powerhouses!" The strongest existences of the tribes will be included in the temple and the divine guards. "
 "These people are the real top existences. According to Jin Jin gun, they all have the power of God art!"
 "As for the temple priests, there are probably more than a hundred of them. The divine guards ... Are even more numerous!"
 "This is where the Li Dynasty's top combat power lies, it's extremely powerful!" The old man said solemnly. We need to strengthen our five internal organs to attain the level of divine power, but they don't need to do that. The Constitution of the people of Li Dynasty is not quite the same as ours. They may have inherited the human Constitution of the new martial era ..."
 Temple priests, God guards ...
  Li Hao nodded slightly.
 He did not know the exact number.
 There were hundreds of divine arts experts, but he didn't know how strong they were.
 The old man continued,"in addition, the martial masters of the Li Dynasty are not only good at martial arts. Many of them are also good at spiritual attacks. They can even summon wind, Thunder, lightning, and Thunder. They are similar to superpowers, but they are stronger than superpowers. At the very least, their bodies are much stronger."
 Li Hao nodded again.
 "Other than Dali's own powerhouses, I'm afraid there are also some foreign powerhouses. The powerhouses who betrayed neo martial in the past must have participated in this!" He said after thinking for a while.
 "Even if it's only an origin source clone, there's a high chance that they have the combat power of seven elements. We've killed 14 of them before, but we don't know how many more they have. These people are very difficult to deal with!"
 Many people's expressions changed when they heard this.
 Seven elements, seven levels of the mountain sea realm.

 To open seven Dao meridians, one had to open more than 200 apertures. Only then would one be considered at the seventh level of the mountain sea realm. At present, there were not many people who truly possessed the combat power of the seventh level of the mountain sea realm.
 When the two sides joined together, it would be very difficult to deal with them.
 Li Hao continued,"the king of Dali, the temple officiant ..."
 He thought for a while and said,"they are probably very powerful. I can vaguely sense it. That king of Dali ... Because he is the Lord of the dynasty, he carries some heavenly trend. Only when I clash with him will we know who is stronger."
 "And that temple officiant is probably an expert of the same level ..."
 "To deal with the temple officiant, we need at least an expert at the seventh, or even the eighth or ninth, layer of the mountain sea realm ..." Li Hao said as he surveyed the area.
 Everyone had a headache.
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at director Zhao.""Director Zhao, can you handle it?"
 "Me?"
 Li Hao nodded.
  "This ..." Director Zhao was helpless.
 "Can't I?"
 "No." Director Zhao shook his head."If it's as you say, and the other party has the power of the eighth or ninth layer of the mountain sea realm, or even stronger ... It'll be a little troublesome for me to go alone."
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
 "Also, I'm a civil servant ..." Director Zhao said.
 He wanted to say that he didn't rely on his strength to make a living.
 ? Li Hao said,"director Zhao, there's no need to be humble. We're being invaded. How about this? let director Wang work with you ... I don't believe that you can't take down a temple officiant if you work together!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "In addition, the martial masters of Silvermoon will be responsible for dealing with the shrine's priests!"
 "As for the divine guards ... Leave them to the students of Yuanping martial arts university!"
 At this time, Yao si had no choice but to speak: "Then ... What if a large number of ancient city experts join the battle? His clones are all extremely powerful ..."
 Not all of the students from Yuanping martial arts university had come this time. Now that Li Hao had asked them to deal with the divine powers ... They were more or less confident in winning!
 However, what about the ancient expert's clone?
 According to Yao SI's thoughts, these ancient experts 'clones should be handed over to them.
 Li Hao smiled."The clones of the ancient experts all contain rich origin power. Then, it'll be origin against origin!" I've already asked teacher to bring a large number of monster plant origin clones to participate in the battle!"
 He had also tamed many monster plants. This time, these origin avatars were responsible for the other origin avatars.
 Even if there was a gap, it would not be so quick to determine the winner.
 "Also, I've mobilized 100000 supers, 10000 heaven battling troops, 10000 demon hunters, and the supers from the North. There should be more than 150000 supers, maybe even more than 200000!"
 "Demon Hunter Army Headquarters, Liu Long will be in charge of commanding."
 "The ninth Division commander will be in charge of the heaven battling Army Headquarters."
  "Yao si will be in charge of the central super Army. Marshal Huang Yu will be in charge of the troops from the North."  "Of the four armies, the Commander-in-Chief is ..."
 Everyone was stunned. The Commander-in-Chief was not the ninth Division commander, nor was it Huang Yu. Could there be someone more suitable than them?
 Even Huang Yu and the others were confused.
 In Huang Yu's eyes, it was a form of trust to have him organize the messy Army. It was not easy.
 But ... Who was the Commander-in-Chief?
 The ninth Division commander of the heaven battling Army would have no problem being the Commander-in-Chief. With his strength and combat power, there was no doubt that he would be able to lead the Army all the time. But now ... Who else could take on the position other than them?
 "Hong Yitang!"
 Everyone was taken aback. Hong Yitang wasn't here, and more importantly ... The other party was only a Martial Master and had no experience in leading troops. Li Hao was playing nepotism ... This wasn't a good thing.
 Even Tian Jian, who had a good relationship with Hong Yitang, couldn't help but say,""How could it be him? Viceroy, at this moment ... The hundreds of thousands of soldiers all have superpowers. We can't ... Do anything rash!"
 Whether it was Huang Yu or the 9th Division, if they really couldn't do it, Yao si, Chen Zhongtian and the others could all take it!
 If that really didn't work, even weaklings like Hu dingfang had much more experience in commanding troops than Hong Yitang.
 Hong Yitang wasn't here now, but even if he was, he would have to say it.
 This one ... It would be better for her to deal with some divine guards or temple priests.
 It was a joke to be a Marshal.
 Everyone felt helpless. Li Hao continued,""Qian Wuliang will be the advisor."
 No one had any objections to this.
 However, they still wanted to say a few more words about Hong Yitang. Seeing that everyone was looking at him, Li Hao explained,""All troops, focus on defense! However, when it's time to break through, I need to break through the enemy's camp in an instant ... I need senior uncle Hong's earth overturning formation to strengthen my defense! Letting him take charge of the four armies will help with the adjustments ..."
 "But he's alone ..." Huang Yu muttered."We're facing an Army of a million. This isn't a one-on-one battle!"
  Li Hao nodded."I know. That's why ... This time, senior uncle Hong has to do his best. I'll help him adjust. When he arrives, I'll make the arrangements with him."
 Everyone was still a little worried.
 No one had expected Earthfall sword to become the Commander-in-Chief.
 Hong Yitang probably didn't expect this.
 However, Li Hao was determined.
 He had his own ideas. Of course, he didn't have to explain everything at this moment. The Earthcover sword ... Was ever-changing and had a special Dao Meridian.
 Of course, his defense was extremely strong.
 However, with the strength of one person, no matter how strong his defense was, it was not of much use.
 But ... What if he had a God's avatar?
 An earth-elemental God!

 As for dealing with the king of Dali, Li Hao didn't plan to use this. He wanted to see how powerful that guy was outside the relic!
 With the Earthcover sword and the God's clone, his defense would definitely be unparalleled.
 If he chose to break through at the critical moment, he would be even more powerful.
 On his side, not counting the minions, he only had about 200000 supers. If he killed one-fifth of the enemy's number ... He would definitely suffer heavy losses. This was not what Li Hao wanted to see.
 He had to defend first and exhaust the other party.
 "The heaven battling Army and demon hunters will be the vanguards," Li Hao continued."The 100000 supers in the middle will stay at the back, and the supers from the North will be at the flanks ... To prevent them from breaking the formation!"
 "As for the specifics, I'll have to ask the generals to discuss it. I have no experience in commanding an Army. Not only me, but martial uncle Hong also doesn't have much experience ... Although he's the Commander-in-Chief, he won't interfere in specific battles and commands. However, at the crucial moment, he gave an order that all troops must obey. "
 Everyone heaved a sigh of relief.
 He understood the general idea.
 The Earthcover sword was not a true Commander-in-Chief. It only needed to be used at a critical moment and the cooperation of the various divisions, so it was given the title of Commander-in-Chief.
  Li Hao assigned the tasks and said,""I don't know what to do. I'm not going to participate in it ... Now, send someone to check out the situation ... There is a plain between the Silver City and the grey Mountain ... It's best if the battle takes place here. Don't let it spread to the Silver City!"
 "If we can stop them at the foot of the Cang Mountain, that would be even better ..."
 The ninth Division commander shook his head slightly."That's not right. It's actually very dangerous for them to go down the mountain and look down on us. It doesn't matter to the strong, but to the Warriors, it's better to fight on the plains than at the foot of the mountain. They're also very good at fighting on the mountain...We're not used to it."
 "Then I'll listen to you guys!" Li Hao nodded.
 He was only giving suggestions. These people were more experienced than him in how to fight.
 "I only have one mission," Li Hao said with a smile."Kill the king of Dali, destroy his morale, and break his Army's spirit!"
 Everyone was a little apprehensive. This was not a simple matter.
 If the king of Dali could unify the Li Dynasty and command an Army of a million to attack it, how could he do it without some hard power?
 At this moment, director Zhao hesitated and said,""Then ... The experts ... From the ancient city ..."
 He still had to take precautions.
 Li Hao took a deep breath. This was also what he was worried about. Of the eight ancient cities, at least seven were behind them. Putting heaven battling city aside, the enemy might have already occupied one of the other six ancient cities, such as the Zheng family's ancient city.
 Once they engaged in a fierce battle, it would be really dangerous if dozens or even hundreds of origin doppelgangers suddenly appeared and attacked from behind.
 This was the reason why the Silver Moon land was so troublesome.
 "I know what I'm doing!"
 Li Hao didn't say much. Director Zhao hesitated for a while but didn't say anything.
 As for how to deal with Li Hao ... Director Zhao was actually helpless. If he couldn't do it, he could only go to the other ancient cities and send some people to help.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else."Then we'll do it this way. Make preparations quickly. The enemy will arrive soon ... We don't have much time!"
 "Yes!"
 Someone took the order and left. Soon, the meeting was over.
 "What about the ordinary soldiers?" Huang Yu asked in a low voice.
 There were quite a few of them. Including those from the North, there would probably be more than three million troops.
 These people ... Are we just going to leave them here?
 What if they ran away when the battle started?
 Li Hao was silent for a while. He looked at Huang Yu and said,""They can be placed behind the Army, but they can't do it in a head-on battle. A head-on battle ... With three million people, even if 100 of them kill one, they can still kill some ... However, they can only do it in a head-on battle! Once a defeat appears ..."
  After a moment of silence, Li Hao sent a voice transmission."We're losing. If we need to retreat, let these guys bring up the rear ... And block the way as cannon fodder!"  Huang Yu's heart skipped a beat. He nodded and said nothing.
 If they were fighting a favorable battle, these people could still be used, but if they were fighting a head-on battle ... Forget it. It would be a good thing if these guys did not scatter the Army.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Also, get the Super cannons and other things up there ... Bombard them!"
 "We will do that."
 "Yes."
 Li Hao nodded and left without saying anything else. Chief Steward Yu wanted to follow him, but Li Hao waved his hand and stopped him.
 Ignoring everyone else, Li Hao stepped out of the inspector's office and quickly disappeared.
 Even director Zhao who wanted to catch up couldn't see him.
 He was somewhat depressed. Where could Li Hao run to at this time?
 He wouldn't go to the Cang mountains alone, right?
 That would be too dangerous!
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't stay. The void shook and he disappeared from the Silver City.
 He had no fear of the Li Dynasty!
 The only thing he was worried about wasn't the others, but the powerhouses from the ancient cities. Would they attack him ruthlessly at the critical moment?
 Therefore, he had to think of a way to deal with such a crisis.
 Only an ancient expert would be able to deal with these guys.
 And among the ancient experts, there were very few who were truly trustworthy and could be entrusted with important matters.
 And there were very few who could deal with all of this.
 After some thought, Li Hao came to the conclusion that it could only be the Managing Director. He was too strong for Li Hao to move Zhang an too far away. So, Li Hao could only think of asking him to give up control of the body for the time being. As for whether Zhang an would agree or not ... It didn't matter if he didn 'T. Li Hao was ready. If Zhang an didn't agree, he could go for the next best thing and bring the heavenly guard back.
 If a true expert at the peak fought with his true body and the projection of the Imperial Palace, they might be able to solve some problems.
 At this moment, Li Hao was extremely fast as he shuttled through space.
 He wanted to do this without anyone knowing, so as not to let others see what he was doing.
  It was hard for Li Hao to completely trust the eight ancient cities.
 Although heaven battling city was a good place and they had always been in contact with each other, general Huai and the old turtle clearly had no intention of directly participating in the battle. Otherwise, when they passed by heaven battling city, the two of them would have made some choices.
 And what the other party said was to stand on the side of justice.
 Who was the righteous one?
 Perhaps, they had their own standards of judgment.
 Li Hao didn't like to make things difficult for others. These two might have their own difficulties and thoughts, but he didn't force them.
 Therefore, at this moment, Li Hao would rather run a little further to invite Zhang an or the Imperial Guards over.
 At this moment, the sky was already dark.
 On the other side of the Green Mountains, the million-strong Army had reached the last mountain, where the four great demons had been.
 The war would start at the first touch!

 The sky gradually brightened, and clouds and mist surrounded the Cang mountains.
 The earth overturning sword and Yuan Shuo had already arrived at night. At this moment, the Army began to move out, forming a torrent at the plains at the foot of the Cang Mountain.
 There were demonic beasts circling in the air. The demonic beasts from the Cang mountains and some of the demonic beasts under the command of the Golden Eagle also had some friction in the air. They fought with each other. The Army had not even come into contact, but there were already casualties.
 On the outskirts of the Cang Mountain, the trees moved.
 A faint scream could be heard.
 The scouts from both sides had already clashed in the forest. As they fought, screams could be heard from time to time.
 This battle had come in a hurry.
 Neither side was fully prepared, and neither side knew the other's strength. At this moment, the first official confrontation in more than a hundred years had been completed in the jungle.
 ……
 In the forest.
  Wu Chao from the silver Blizzard city's demon-hunting squad was like a ghost, flying through the forest. With a sharp knife in his hand, he stabbed into a man's neck, and with a slash, his throat was torn.
 In the last piece of forest that separated both sides, they were fighting with each other. Blood spurted out. The high-intensity shuttling made Wu Chao's heart beat very fast.
 Such tough skin!
 On the left and right sides, elite Scouts from all over the world were fighting silently. Only the sorrowful cries of death could be heard, stimulating everyone.
 In a battle between armies, scouting was the priority.
 Even though there was no longer a need to do so in the current superpower battle and one could just watch from a distance, this time, there were powerhouses on both sides, stirring up the wind and clouds, blocking the detection of the other superpower's powerhouses.
 Both sides did not understand each other's strength and battle tactics, so they chose the first wave of probing.
 Wu Chao shuttled back and forth rapidly. Suddenly, his expression changed. A crisp sound was heard, and with a Swoosh, a dark arrow light flashed past. In the surroundings, there was also a burst of air-piercing sound!
 With a thump, a clear arrow mark appeared on the armor.
 Wu Chao's internal organs trembled, and he felt like vomiting blood.
 His face changed slightly.
 In Silver Moon, or perhaps in all of heavenstar, the use of arrows was extremely rare. This was because after the appearance of firearms, even archers were no longer part of the Army.
 There were archers in the enemy camp.
 How many were there?
 As these thoughts flashed through his mind, he quickly jumped up and dodged in all directions. He then rushed towards a dark place in the distance where the Archer was.
 ……
 At the same time.
  At the back of the forest, a large number of soldiers gathered and began to cut through the thorns and raze the forest. They advanced bit by bit and made some adjustments. The king of Dali did not rush down the mountain with his troops.  From the forest in front, some sharp cries could be heard from time to time, but no one paid any attention.
 The king of Dali was not as impetuous as the legends said, pushing his troops forward.
 In the main camp.
 The king of Dali was not sitting on a throne, but on the ground with his legs crossed. The tent was open, and he looked into the distance as if he could see through the forest and the Silver City.
 His face revealed a touch of coldness,""Slowly push forward and tear apart the enemy's defense line bit by bit. It's just nice to let our men get used to the battlefield in heavenstar."
 Li Hao didn't advance rashly, either.
 Instead, he chose to test the waters a little at a time ... He didn't mind playing with Li Hao.
 Someone beside him quickly passed down the order.
 The temple officiant also looked into the distance and said slowly,"My King, Heavenly Star is a tough bone to gnaw ... Since it's already been exposed, we don't have to worry about the saying that speed is the most important thing in war. We can slow down the progress and wait for news from the other three sides. As long as we can delay Heavenly star's forces, Li Hao's side will definitely collapse without a fight."
 Time was actually on their side.
 Li Hao should be the one who was really anxious.
 The Li Dynasty was not the only country that had shown signs of activity. It was only because it was faster and more efficient.
 The king of Dali did not say much.
 He just nodded slightly and waited for the results of the battle silently.
 He hadn't been to the Central Plains for a long time, so he didn't know how strong the star dynasty was.
 Although he had some sources of information, he had not personally experienced it.
  In the forest ahead, the screams never stopped.
 After an unknown period of time, a general in half-armor returned quickly and said in a deep voice,""Your Majesty, the vanguard Army has been fighting with the enemy in the jungle for two hours. The star Army is not weak, and they are not as weak-willed as the rumors say. We have lost 197 men, but the enemy has lost the same number of men ... And their strength is also the same. There are no signs of defeat!"
 It was rumored that the star Army had long decayed and could not withstand a single blow.
 In a situation where they were of the same rank, the Li Dynasty could even take on ten of them by themselves.
 There was even an even more outrageous statement. Experts who had been to Heavenly Star had once said that as long as the Li Dynasty's Army exceeded a thousand, they could ride on the enemy's Army of a hundred thousand to pursue them.
 However, when the two sides met in the forest, the Li Dynasty did not manage to gain the upper hand.
 At this moment, a strong man beside the Dali King heard this and shouted with killing intent,""Trash! Heavenstar's Army has long since rotted away, but they actually suffered the same amount of losses ... My King, I'll go in and slaughter them!"
 The Dali King frowned slightly and said coldly,""We're just testing the waters. Don't they have any experts? Do you think you have the right to show off your might?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com A light shout made the expert shut up instantly.
 The Dali King thought for a while and said,""Continue to push forward. The vanguard Army will take turns to enter the jungle and fight with the other party. Heavenly Star has occupied the Central Plains for many years. Even if it has decayed, it is not that weak. "In the extraordinary domain, the victory or defeat of the strong determines the outcome of the war...But the Army is weak and can't withstand a single blow. No matter how many strong people there are, they will still be caught in the quagmire of war and will be dragged down sooner or later!"

 There weren't many people in the Li Dynasty, and if their Army wasn't strong, how could they rule over the Heavenly Star?
 Since he was here, he naturally had great ambitions.
 The millions of soldiers under his command were also the capital for him to March into Heavenly Star. If only one person was strong ... One person could not deter the entire Heavenly Star dynasty. Only by constantly advancing the Army and destroying the fighting spirit of all parties in Heavenly Star could he completely defeat Heavenly Star.
 Beside him, no one spoke anymore, and the team slowly moved forward.
 ……
 North of Silver City, on the plains.
 The few commanding officers were all present.
 Very quickly, the ninth Division commander and the others received the news. Huang Yu heaved a sigh of relief and said,""The enemy's combat strength isn't weak, and their morale is high, but they aren't as terrifying as the legends say. What's worth paying attention to is that the other party has archers. As for the others ... They either don't have armor or don't have full armors. Although they are agile, in a battle, agility is useless. On the other hand, our armor is stronger than theirs!"
 They had only heard of how valiant the Li Dynasty was, and those who had returned from the Li Dynasty had also said that the Li Dynasty was like a dragon's pool or a Tiger's Den.
  In the end, in the first confrontation, their side did not suffer any losses. Although they had sent their elites, the scouts were all elites, and the other side was no exception. Under the situation where their combat power was equal, they had suffered one-to-one losses, which meant that the Li Dynasty was not that terrifying.
 Yao si and the others also nodded slightly, revealing a smile. The ninth Division commander opened his mouth and said,""Being careful will only lower our guard,"
 "It's possible. However, the other party has come from afar, and this is the first time we've met. I think the possibility of showing weakness is very low ... Both sides should judge the strength of the other party and boost their morale. The king of Dali doesn't need to show weakness to us at this moment. They are the invading party ... Not the defensive party!"
 Huang Yu didn't blindly agree with him just because he was the division commander of the heaven battling Army. He still put forward his own opinion.
 The ninth Division commander nodded and did not refute.
 Among them, Hong Yitang only listened quietly. He didn't know that Li Hao had chosen him to be the Commander-in-Chief until he arrived ... Even he was a little surprised and couldn't hide it.
 At this moment, he was only listening to the opinions of the others and did not say anything to show his wisdom.
 After they had talked for a while, he slowly said,""What do the generals think we should do next? The enemy hasn't come down the mountain yet ... Should we strike him before he can stabilize his footing?" This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "No!"
 Huang Yu was the first to speak, shaking his head,""Marshal, you don't know this, but the soldiers of Heavenly Star haven't gone to war for a long time, especially to the outside world. The Li Dynasty is said to be barbaric and extremely powerful. At this moment, the soldiers are all worried and don't dare to take the initiative to attack!"
 p "This battle is also meant to train our troops."  He looked at Hong Yitang and said,'any elite troop is made through fighting, not training! Only by fighting more Wars, killing more people, and experiencing more could one become an elite! In this process ... There will definitely be a large number of deaths and injuries!"
 "But only in this way can those who survive become veterans and elite soldiers who have fought hundreds of battles without dying!"
 Huang Yu said slowly,"so ... In this battle, we can't all attack together. Let's go all out!" Instead, he would take turns to slowly grind them down! If there were any losses, they would pick the elites from the 3 million troops behind to replace them! Maintain the scale of the 200000 troops on the front line and continuously use the other side to train their troops! Marshal, please advise the military governor not to rush to start a battle between powerhouses ... Give us some time to train our soldiers!"
 "This is the first time I've experienced a war of this scale ... The enemy is doing the same! As long as we're willing to show that we're training our troops, the other party will cooperate ..."
  He explained,"in the Li Dynasty, there will not be such a large-scale war. Therefore, the other party is only used to fighting with small military forces. If the king of the Li Dynasty is ambitious, he will definitely be willing to cooperate with us to train the soldiers!"
 Hong Yitang frowned slightly and thought for a while before saying,""But ... The time is not on our side."
 Huang Yu nodded, he knew.
 However, he knew one thing more. He said in a deep voice,""Marshal, if we finish the battle quickly, we won't be able to gain any benefit or experience from the battle, no matter if we win or lose. Then we'll have fought for nothing! If there is a war between the three continents ... Our Army will still be a pile of loose sand!"
 "Sharpening a knife will not delay the work of cutting wood. Only by training an elite army in the Cang mountains can we deal with the various Wars that will follow! Heavenstar has an advantage that no one else has ..."
 He smiled and said,"with more people, there will be more superpowers. Now that the entire nation is equipped with martial arts, there will be an endless source of soldiers!" Many people were rushing to the North with passion. At this moment, they could slowly grind out an elite army of not 200000 but millions who had participated in the war! This included the 3 million troops behind him. Among them, there were many martial artists who had opened their apertures, at least one-tenth of them, making up a total of 300 thousand people! These people can all be pulled out to remove the weeds and keep the fine ones!"
 Hong Yitang thought for a while and nodded."Sure, I don't know about this. Commander Yu feels that it's fine ... If the other generals have no objections, then it's fine."
 The ninth Division commander said in a low voice,"we don't have enough time to train our soldiers. This is indeed the only way. We can quickly form an Army!" Otherwise, you can only spend time and train bit by bit. Otherwise ... It's very difficult for you to become an elite army comparable to the heaven battling Army!"
 These words made Hong Yitang make a decision.""Then it's decided! As for the other three continents ... Don't bother about them!"

 He said in a deep voice,"since it's a War in the North now, we should focus on this. If a war breaks out in the other three continents, it's Governor Li's business. It has nothing to do with us!" How he'll be dealt with is the task of the governor's office. Although I don't understand military affairs, I know that once a war starts, we can't be half-hearted!"
 The few of them nodded.
 Although this person didn't understand, it was fine as long as he was willing to listen. Although Li Hao was also here, Li Hao felt that the others weren't as reliable as Hong Yitang. If Hong Yitang acted rashly and Li Hao followed suit ... That would be the biggest trouble.
 ……
 The sky was completely bright.
 On the plain.
 Small groups of soldiers were retreating from the mountain. Soon, another small group replaced them. The troops stationed at the front line were very nervous.
 Right at this moment, a group of over thirty demon hunters withdrew from the front line, their bodies covered in blood. However, their leader, Wu Chao, had an excited expression on his face as he quickly led his troops back, and said in a loud and clear voice,"The Demon Hunter Army's Vanguard has won a great victory, crushing the enemy's thousand man Vanguard and killing more than half of the enemy. Our side lost less than three hundred men!"
 Some of the soldiers at the front were excited and in disbelief.
 Was the Li Dynasty ... So weak?
  Didn't they say that he was very, very strong?
 Three hundred deaths in exchange for five hundred deaths on the other side, didn't this mean that the Demon Hunter Army was even stronger?
 Although the Demon Hunter Army was also an elite force, but ... In the eyes of many people, they were definitely not as good as the Li Dynasty Army.
 However, this was the Army. Even though they heard it, no one dared to say anything, especially now that the heaven battling Army and the Demon Hunter Army were patrolling the various armies. The nervous supers did not dare to say anything.
 ……
 Silver City.
 Not long after Li Hao returned, he also received the information.
 Seeing this, he revealed a smile.
 "A small victory. The Demon Hunters lost three hundred men in exchange for five hundred men from the other side," he said to the people beside him.
 As soon as these words were said, someone said angrily,""Three hundred people died just like that? Governor, why don't we directly charge up the Cang mountains ..."
 Li Hao frowned and looked at the guy who spoke.""Shut up if you don't understand. Although I don't really understand either, the generals all say that this is a great victory ... As for the loss of hundreds of soldiers ... This is a war, and I know that once a war begins, a General's success will be built on thousands of bones!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He took a deep breath."That's why I don't want to start a war like this. But since it's already happened, I'll face it!" The Demon Hunter Army is my Silver Moon Army's Foundation, and a portion of it is the Wei Wu Army's Foundation, the foundation of the Silver Moon martial forest ... But at this stage, we can just put all of this aside!"
 He looked at everyone and said,"the front line is thinking of using the Li Dynasty to train their troops. This requires one thing-to stabilize the rear!" We don't understand war, we don't understand military affairs, but we can do one thing, and that is to do a good job in logistics! That includes the 3 million troops coming from all over the world. We need to prepare our back-up ... And replenish our manpower at any time!"
 "Other than that, all the young men, supers, and martial masters from all over the world must be organized quickly and don't cause any chaos. This is very troublesome ... Director Zhao, you will be in charge. When the war begins, the governor's office will bear all the expenses ... We can't let everyone not even have food to eat during the battle!"
 "And ... We still have another mission ... To lock onto the Dali King and the other powerhouses."
 "Try to stall for time," Li Hao said seriously."And this might be the result they want."
  "If a war breaks out in those three continents, we'll be stuck here ... The Viceroy said that we can't let the three continents be destroyed ..." Hou Xiaochen said.  Time is not on our side.
 Li Hao nodded."I know. That's why we'll train a team of elites before the three forces arrive. Otherwise ... We'll miss out on both sides." At that time, if it really erupts, perhaps everyone will have to work hard. "
 "The Li Army is going down the mountain, we'll go too!" He said as he stood up.
 The crowd stopped talking and followed him.
 Outside the door, the battleship was floating in the air.
 Soon, the group of people rushed to the battlefield.
 ……
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 A large Army came down from the Cang mountains and flattened all the obstacles in front of them. The expected ambush did not happen.
 While the Dali cultivators were caught off guard, they had successfully walked down the Cang mountains without a bloody battle.
 Many of them were setting foot in the Central Plains for the first time.
 Some powerhouses were even excited to the point of shouting wildly. Was this heavenstar?
 Although it was only the border, they could already feel the aura of wealth. This place was a wide expanse of flat land, unlike the Li Dynasty, which was rugged and full of mountains.
 "Is this the star dynasty?"
 "This is Silver Moon?"
  "We finally lived up to our ancestors" expectations and entered the Central Plains!"
 The million-strong Army was also extremely excited. Their qi and blood surged through the world. Perhaps it was to deter them, or perhaps it was true excitement, but they suddenly cheered wildly.
 "Long live our King, long live, long live!"
 "Kill, kill, kill!"
 The Army of ten thousand roared in unison, and a majestic aura pressed down on the Army thousands of meters away. The powerful blood Qi power surged through the world.
 The heavenstar people had actually left them a large enough territory.
 He didn't know what these guys were thinking!
 At this moment, the distance was only a few thousand meters. Those with good vision could even see the timid faces of the heavenstar people.
 This made many soldiers of the Li Dynasty extremely excited.
 These heavenstar citizens were dressed in sturdy-looking armor and wielded sharp weapons. To them, these were all treasures.

 As for the danger?
 What kind of danger had the people of Li Dynasty not experienced?
 At this moment, the people of the Li Dynasty suddenly became even more excited.
 In front of them, a golden light flickered as an Emperor appeared. His intrepid aura shook the world and even the surrounding space was torn apart. The intrepid aura was so oppressive that many people couldn't breathe.
 However, this made them even more excited.
 This was their King!
 A powerful and unparalleled King!
 At the same time, Li Hao stepped out from behind the Army of heavenstar and looked forward. Before the other side could speak, he said in a booming voice,""King of Dali, since ancient times, heavenstar has loved peace and has never crossed boundaries. It abides by the way of a great country and its people are self-sufficient. They have never been proud of plundering!"
 "The Li Dynasty has sent tens of millions of troops to invade our land and kill our people. Even the demons of the Cang Mountain, who have always been aloof from worldly affairs, have been killed by the Li Dynasty. This is truly the wrath of the heavens and the resentment of the people!"
 "Behind us is our home. We can't give up an inch of land. If you want to fight, then fight!"
  As Li Hao spoke, his aura grew stronger and stronger, covering the entire world.
 The power of a great Dao erupted!
 It was as if a God had descended to the mortal world!
 A torrential might surged out and suppressed the heavens and earth, causing the void to tremble. At this moment, it was as if two dragons were clashing in the void. An incomparably fearsome aura appeared around the two of them.
 One by one, the powerhouses revealed themselves and exploded with powerful auras!
 Li Hao's voice was still loud and clear, since ancient times, evil has never triumphed over good! No invader would have a good end! However, since you were born in the wilderness, you have no respect for anyone, are lawless, and have not yet awakened the wisdom of the people. If you retreat now, the heavens will take good care of life, the Heavenly Star, and the Dao of a great country. They will not kill you all ... King Dali, what do you think?"
 In the distance, the Dali King's expression was cold. His aura was violent, and a monstrous force pressed toward Li Hao.
 There was a unique accent in his voice as he said,""The winner is king, and the loser is a Bandit! The Heavenly Star is rotten, so this King will witness the benefits of the Heavenly Star!"
 "If you don't get along, half a sentence is too much!"
 Li Hao's aura also spread out, shaking the wilderness.""The enemy has invaded our rivers and mountains and slaughtered my family. Soldiers, this is the time to kill the enemy and make a contribution!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the Army's flag fluttered, and a 10000-man army charged out!
 On the other side, the Dali King murmured and frowned slightly. He looked at the other side but did not say anything.
 Soon, a valiant general mounted a great demon and flew out from the Army. Behind him, tens of thousands of soldiers roared and charged out!
 ……
 In the sky.
 Li Hao raised his brows slightly. On his side, it was none other than Liu Long, who was personally leading the Demon Hunter Army. Liu Long's strength couldn't be considered too strong, and he had only barely stepped into the second layer of the mountain sea realm.
 As for the general in front of him, he could sense that he was at least at the second or third level of the mountain sea realm. More importantly, he was riding on a powerful demon.
 At this moment, the sky was full of people.
 This was the first battle between the two sides, and Li Hao didn't know what the result would be. In fact, he wanted the heaven-battling Army to attack, but the commanders-in-chief only sent out the Demon Hunter Army and not the heaven-battling Army.
 If they lost the first battle ... The blow to their morale would not be small.  Especially now, the central and Northern regions were watching.
 Even the other three continents might be watching the battle through a few sky screens.
 Li Hao suppressed the countless thoughts in his mind.
 The king of Dali obviously understood what he meant.
 This rough-looking King didn't attack with his entire Army.
 Both sides wanted to train their troops, and they also wanted to win the first battle and lower the morale of the other side.
 ……
 The transcendents from the central continent, the transcendents from all over the North, and the millions of soldiers behind them were all extremely nervous.
 Some people's palms were sweating.
 On this battlefield, even though they weren't on the frontlines, just the feeling was enough to make them suffocate.
 Some people's legs even went soft.
 Further back, the hot-blooded youths who had rushed over from all over the North were also pale. They were thousands of meters away and couldn't see the exact situation, but they could feel the pressure that made them suddenly sober up and tremble in fear.
 ……
 At this moment, the entire star dynasty was watching this battle.
 Both sides had sent out about 10000 troops, but the powerhouses had not appeared. Who won?
 Even though there weren't many people, this was the first large-scale battle between the two sides in a hundred years. The entire dynasty and the billions of people were so nervous that they couldn't breathe.
 ……
 In front.
 Liu Long's entire body was covered in cold sweat due to his nervousness. However, at this moment, even though he was sweating due to his nervousness, his speed was still extremely fast. He didn't ride on a demon, but instead stepped on the air. With a short axe in hand, he roared,"Charge!"
  "Demon hunting!"
 "Demon hunting!"
 "Demon hunting!"
 As if to encourage themselves, as if to prove themselves, at this moment, the Demon Hunter Army roared loudly.
 Under the black armor, the martial masters from Silver Moon roared.
 Among these people, there were members of the demon hunting squad from Silver City, martial masters from the Wei Wu Army, elite soldiers from the Silver Moon Army, and even the daughter of overseer sword and Kong Jie ...
 At this time, they only had one thought in their mind, and that was to win the first battle!
 If even the elite demon-hunter Army couldn't defeat the enemy ... The blow to the morale would be unimaginable. Apart from the heaven-battling Army, they might be the most elite army in the dynasty.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Almost all of them were supers, so it did not take much time for them to cover a distance of several thousand meters.
 While everyone was waiting with bated breath, the two torrents collided!

 Battle cries instantly erupted.
 "Kill!"
 BOOM!
 Vitality outburst, martial technique outburst, combat technique outburst, secret skill attack ...
 In the middle of the wilderness, the sky and earth were turned upside down.
 All kinds of forces emerged, and all kinds of combat techniques swept in all directions.
 In front of him, Liu Long struck out with his axe. He had used the ninth refinement force to the extreme, and without any hesitation, he allowed his arms to explode. With a roar, he cut through everything in front of him and forced the valiant general of the Li Dynasty to retreat. The big demon under him let out a shrill cry as his head was crushed by the axe!
 p "Kill!"  Liu Long's spirit was greatly roused. At this moment, he could no longer be afraid or nervous.
 Battle cries erupted from all directions. The powerful heaven-battling armors provided them with the greatest defense. The Centurions and chiliarchs took the lead and killed without equal!
  In the crowd, Hong Qing, Liu Yan, and the others didn't have the same thoughts as Li Hao's direct subordinates. At this moment, on the battlefield, everyone felt the same.
 If he were to be killed at this time ... Liu Long had already said during the battle that if he were to die, the experts behind him would not intervene.
 Whoever made the first move would be at a disadvantage.
 At this moment, everyone only had one thought in their minds-kill!
 Kill all the Warriors on the other side!
 ……
 In the sky.
 Li Hao also felt a little breathless.
 If he were to take the field himself, he wouldn't be in such a state. But now, even though this was a battle between a group of weaklings who were at the third or fourth level of the mountain sea realm at most ... He was so nervous that he was suffocating.
 He had never experienced such a war before. When he took down SuperPower City, he only fought alone and killed a few powerhouses.
 However, he had never experienced a battle between armies.
 He had taken down the central region smoothly.
 The Demon Hunter Army under his command had not suffered any major losses. Since its establishment, the number of casualties was less than 100 ... Including the 10000 Silver Moon elites that Huang Yu had brought.
 It could be said that this was a miracle.
 The highest number of casualties was in SuperPower City, where they suppressed a portion of the supers.
 That time, dozens of soldiers died.
 Li Hao had never experienced a major war.
 But today, a battle of only 20000 people ... Had already made him feel a little suffocated.
 His vision was so good that he could even recognize some familiar faces through their auras.
 Not to mention Liu Long, the members of his demon hunt squad all went to the frontlines this time, as well as the several dozen members of his own demon hunt squad. Li Hao had always treated them as his most trusted guards, and would almost never let them do anything dangerous.
 But today ... Liu Long insisted on personally leading the Demon Hunter Army into battle. He even brought these people, including Hong Qing, and Hong Yitang didn't stop him.
 Li Hao knew what they were thinking.
 They were the foundation of Li Hao's family. Even though they were no longer as strong as before, they wanted to prove to everyone that they were still Li Hao's most loyal guards and most powerful supporters.
 I'll be the first to fight!
 The sound of "demon hunting" was endless. Li Hao's vision blurred. At this moment, there was only the sound of blood splashing, the collision of blades and Spears, the weapons entering his body, and the shattering of armor.  He was in a daze. At this crucial moment, he was even wavering.
 Training the soldiers ... Was there a need to let them fight?
 These were the people around him.
 But ...
 These thoughts caused his aura to fluctuate. Beside him, director Zhao moved closer to Li Hao and said,""Viceroy, the Demon Hunter Army is indeed an elite army of my Silver Moon ... Their combat strength is extremely formidable, and they've already gained the upper hand!"
 Li Hao suddenly woke up.
 At this moment, Liu Long was displaying his godly might. With a single chop of his axe, the other party was forced to retreat continuously. The Commander-in-Chief had the upper hand, and the morale of the soldiers was greatly boosted.
 Hong Qing and the others were full of sword will, and they kept shouting. One sword after another, they cut down the valiant soldiers of Dali in front of them. Blood splattered and corpses were trampled on.
 The Demon Hunter Army really did have the upper hand, and quickly suppressed the other party.
 ……
 On the opposite side.
 The Dali King frowned slightly.
 It was said that heavenstar was not as strong as it used to be, especially after the rise of the supers, the Li Dynasty's soldiers were a hundred times stronger than before, but ... In the first battle, his side was actually suppressed.
 The other party's strength was not much stronger than his.
 However ... These people's will to fight was extremely strong, unlike the rumors, where their morale was low.
 At the back, the millions of heavenstar soldiers also saw this scene, and their spirits were lifted. It was as if their fear and terror had been dispelled in an instant, and under the command of their respective commanders, they roared.
 "Demon hunting!"
 "Demon hunting!"
 "Demon hunting!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com His shout resounded through the clouds.
 In the wilderness, Liu Long let out a furious roar and instantly drew the blood and Qi from the hundreds of soldiers around him. He didn't even care if they would die or be killed. This battle had to be clean and neat. He had to kill the enemy commander in a domineering manner!
 "Die!"
 Liu Long's aura instantly skyrocketed. With a furious roar, he chopped down with his axe!
 BOOM!
  The powerful general of Dali, who had the power of divine arts, was not a nobody in the enemy's Army. He was one of the commanders of the king of Dali's personal guards. At this moment, he let out a shrill scream!
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, he was cut in half by Liu Long.
 "The enemy commander is dead, kill!"
 Liu Long's qi and blood had already been completely exhausted. However, with a roar, the great momentum appeared, and the waves surged to the sky!
 "Kill!" The surrounding soldiers all shouted,"kill the enemy's main general and hunt the demons!"
 Kill!
 ……
 "King!"
 Beside the king of Dali, someone's expression changed slightly. The Army sent out for the first battle could be considered elite, but ... The commander had been killed by the other party not long after. Now, with the death of the commander, although the Army of ten thousand people had not collapsed, it was obvious that they had fallen into an absolute disadvantage.

 People were constantly being slashed!
 However, none of them dared to retreat, because the king of Dali was here.
 However, if this continued, more and more of these soldiers would die.
 On the side, the temple officiant also frowned slightly and quickly said,""It's not a crime of fighting. The other party is equipped with neo martial armor and has strong defense. If they really take off their armor and fight, our Army will definitely win!"
 Even though he said that, he also understood that this was the other party's Foundation. Who asked him to not have it?
 "My King ... Are you going to have a military war with Heavenly Star here?" he looked at the king of Dali and quickly asked.
 Or should he directly pounce with all his might?
 Although the enemy's Army was large, there were obviously a large number of ordinary soldiers behind them. If the entire Army charged forward, they might be able to quickly defeat them.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The king of Dali was silent for a while before he slowly said,""Officiant, tell me, if we can't break the soul of Heavenly star's Army and break their morale, can we attack Heavenly Star City?"
 The officiant was silent.
  There were very few people in the Li Dynasty ... It was very difficult to achieve this unless the other party was completely beaten up until they did not dare to raise their heads and surrendered.
 Otherwise, the population of ten billion people on heavenstar would not have been so easily conquered by them.
 But now, he had actually suffered a setback in the first battle. It was somewhat unbelievable.
 "This is Li Hao's elite army ... Let the Tiger guards attack! How many more of such elites do he have?"
 Soon, as the king of Dali's order was conveyed, an Army of 10000 men was dispatched again.
 A valiant general riding on a fierce tiger and holding a big axe shouted,""Kill!"
 The Army charged forward!
 On Li Hao's side, the heaven battling Army still did not move. Instead, Yao si shouted and waved his hand. Tens of thousands of supers charged out!
 These were the soldiers of the nine divisions and the imperial family.
 Today, he was also pulled to the front line.
 The heaven-battling Army could not be moved easily.
 More than 40000 people from both sides started fighting in the wilderness in the blink of an eye. The battle cries shook the earth and the sky. At this moment, it gave people the feeling that even if the experts of the seven elements joined the battle, they wouldn't be of much use.
 His killing intent shook the heavens, and his qi and blood rushed to the heavens.
 The two sides fought fiercely. Li Hao's side didn't even use their super cannons. In the first battle, neither side used any weapons of mass destruction. They both hoped to show their strength through individual bravery.
 ……
 At this moment, people all over heavenstar heaved a sigh of relief.
 "The Li Dynasty ... Is nothing more than this!"
 "The Demon Hunter Army is still strong. I thought the Li Dynasty would be more powerful!"
 "That's right, I was scared to death just now ..."
 When they saw that the situation was leaning towards the Demon Hunter Army, the people who were worried earlier felt much more at ease.
 Even though they knew that the other party was also very strong, and they felt a little suffocated through the screen, but ... At this moment, they were still a lot more at ease."It's not like we're no match for them. The governor's office has many experts."
 Right now, Governor li and the others haven't even made a move, but our Army can suppress them.
 ……
 At the scene.
 Everyone shouted in unison, and the war drums were deafening!
 The sounds of killing lingered in their ears.
 Li Hao gradually regained his calmness, and he quickly suppressed the thoughts in his mind.
 He could fight!
 Seeing that the ninth division's Army was no match for the second Army, and that the Demon Hunters were exhausted, Li Hao looked down, and the ninth division's commander looked up.
 In the next moment, the ninth Division commander raised his hand!
 In an instant, BOOM!
 The 3,000 heaven-battling Army quickly entered the battlefield, and another army also joined them.
  However, in the blink of an eye, the heaven battling Army revealed their unparalleled combat strength. Their individual combat strength was not too strong, but at this moment, they cooperated as a whole. It was extremely simple. They waved their blades and attacked!  BOOM!
 ? As soon as the 3000 heaven-battling Army troops appeared, the chaotic battlefield changed drastically in the blink of an eye.
 A large number of Li Dynasty soldiers were killed in the blink of an eye.
 The Army that was originally stable began to show signs of collapse.
 In the sky, the king of Dali looked at Li Hao coldly and said in a booming voice,""The neo martial Army? Li Hao, is this where your confidence comes from? This King thought that you would rely on yourself!"
 Li Hao laughed."King of Dali, how about this? tell the experts of the ancient civilizations around you to retreat. We'll fight to the death without relying on anyone. Let's see if I, heavenstar, am afraid of you." You're nothing but an ancient puppet. Do you think you're worthy of talking to me about relying on yourself?"
 The king of Dali glanced at Li Hao and didn't say anything.
 He wasn't a person who liked words.
 At this moment, as the heaven-battling Army entered the battlefield, the Li Dynasty's side was obviously in a state of chaos. Unless there were more people, it would be difficult to match the 3000 heaven-battling Army without an Army of 20 to 30 thousand.
 10,000 heaven-battling Army soldiers could fight against 100000 great li Army soldiers!
 At this time, the Li Army had lost more than five thousand men on the battlefield, while Li Hao had lost less than three thousand.
 If this continued, the morale of the troops would plummet once the number exceeded 10000.
 "Ring the Golden Bell and withdraw the troops!"
 The Dali King did not continue. Beside him, a black-robed cultivator said in a low voice,""My King, why don't you attack with your entire Army? there aren't many heaven-battling armies ..."
 If they retreated now, wouldn't they be admitting defeat?
 It was not a good thing to lose the first battle.
 The Dali King was too lazy to pay attention to him.
 "Withdraw!" He continued.
 The war drums began to beat, and along with the rumbling sounds, tens of thousands of the Li Army began to retreat. The Demon Hunters and heaven battling Army chased after them for a while, and when they were within a thousand meters of each other, they also began to beat the gongs to withdraw their troops.
 The next moment, Li Hao raised his arm and shouted,""Wan Sheng!"
 Millions of soldiers cheered!
 "Wan Sheng!"
 Their morale soared!
 Even if the three million ordinary soldiers had been extremely decayed in the past and had even thought of running away at the beginning, at this moment, seeing that heavenstar had actually suppressed the other party and the appearance of the heaven battling Army in the end, it was just adding flowers on top of a brocade ... The Army of the heavenstar military governor's office was not weak either.
 At this moment, the millions of soldiers were all cheering and celebrating.
 This was because Li Hao had once said that if the war was unfavorable ... They would be thrown to the front lines as cannon fodder ... Everyone was actually very afraid.
 At this moment, seeing that heavenstar had won, he was immediately overjoyed.
 There were also many people who had already forgotten all this. They only felt that the elite army of heavenstar was really strong, and they had an indescribable sense of pride.
 On the other side, the Dali King did not say much.
 He only sized Li Hao up from a distance and soon disappeared into the void.
 The top experts from both sides did not clash today.
  ……
 Down below, Liu Long and the others were also panting heavily. Their entire bodies were drenched in sweat, but they were all extremely excited.
 Although the Demon Hunter Army had lost over a thousand people in this battle, and some of their acquaintances had died, but ...... At this moment, everyone couldn't care less.
 There was only one thought in his mind, we won the first battle!
 The Demon Hunter Army would always be invincible!
 "I didn't fail you!"
 Liu Long cupped his hands at the generals and revealed a smile. His face was deathly pale, and there was not a single piece of flesh left on his body under his armor. However, he still stood tall with a brilliant smile.
 "Wan Sheng!"
 Wild roars rose again!
 At this moment, from all directions, from all over the world, the entire star dynasty seemed to be reveling. The Li Dynasty was nothing more than this!

