fileno%d
ed to save her!
 Li Hao smiled bitterly."I was too arrogant and too young. Ever since I discovered the new path, I feel that no one in the world can rival me. I'm invincible even before the second recovery begins!"
 "I have too many tricks up my sleeve, and I can even borrow the power of the people. I might not say it, but I think I can be the human Emperor for once ...."
 Li Hao looked at the Queen."Moon Goddess, you're the one who woke me up!" He said.
 Li Hao sighed with emotion."So ... I'm not invincible!"
 The Queen frowned slightly. Without saying anything, she instantly appeared in front of Li Hao and reached out to grab him. At this moment, it was as if the sun and the moon had fallen.
 In the distance, Jiang Li burst out and repelled the war god.
 He originally wanted to go forward to help ... But he hesitated.
 Li Hao ... If he was really killed, it might not be a bad thing, right?
 The Western divine Kingdom was powerful, but Li Hao's side was also extremely powerful. If he died this time, they would have one less terrifying existence.
  Just as he was hesitating.
 A figure rapidly pounced towards Li Hao. Yuan Shuo, like a piece of scorched wood, roared and punched. The five birds burst out and shouted,""Don't you dare!"
 That was his disciple!
 The Queen turned around and swung her staff, about to kill him on the spot.
 Li Hao, who was about to defend himself, changed his expression.
 "Don't you dare!"
 At this moment, Li Hao had abandoned everything. He had no family!
 Not a single one!
 The only exception was this teacher in front of him. Whether he was strong or weak, he was always protecting him.
 The ninth Division commander's clone was shattered. After all, it was only a clone. Although it was uncomfortable, Li Hao was still clear-headed.
 But at this moment, he was no longer clear-headed.
 "You're courting death!"
 "Retreat!" Li Hao shouted. He had originally thought that if he couldn't do it, he would retreat. If he retreated now, he might not suffer any serious injuries. Even if it was himself, he wasn't worried about being killed. Teacher, perhaps you've forgotten ... That I can enter the bright star sector.
 He would not die so easily.
 However, he didn't expect that his teacher, who was so concerned that he might have forgotten about this, would actually rush forward.
 His teacher could also enter the bright star sector, but ever since he had shattered the Zhang family's stone saber, his teacher didn't have any decent treasures on him, so he couldn't locate it. If he entered it now, he might be completely lost.
 Furthermore ... His teacher might have forgotten about this matter. Otherwise, he wouldn't have rushed over to save him in a fit of rage.
 Li Hao roared.
 He slashed out with his sword!
 At this moment, Li Hao's incomplete Dao meridians suddenly appeared on his body. In an instant, the previously unopened apertures on his Dao meridians were all opened!
 The number of apertures increased from 230 to 250 in an instant.
  He opened 4 Dao meridians in a row, 36 Dao meridians, and Li Hao opened 14 of them. In addition to the original 9 supernormal Dao meridians, Li Hao opened 23 Dao meridians in the blink of an eye. However, his body was slightly damaged.  With a furious roar, Li Hao struck out with his sword with his right hand, while his left hand transformed into a fierce tiger and punched out!
 BOOM!
 The void shattered and directly penetrated the space. The punch sent the Queen flying dozens of meters back. She stepped on the void and revealed a strange expression.
 As for Li Hao, he sent the scepter flying with a slash of his sword. Then, he grabbed Yuan Shuo, who was charging at him. However, the explosive power still shattered Yuan Shuo's body, causing him to bleed profusely.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Looking at his teacher's crazed appearance, Li Hao's originally calm and dejected heart suddenly disappeared.
 Only anger!
 "How dare you!"
 "You're courting death!" Li Hao shouted. The remaining acupoints in his Dao Meridian burst open again, and some even exploded."Do you really think I can't do anything to you?"
 Li Hao turned around and threw Yuan Shuo far away behind the old turtle."Protect my teacher!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, his body shattered!
 The starry sky sword seemed to have sensed Li Hao's anger. Countless sword energies rushed into Li Hao's body. Li Hao slashed out with his sword at an extremely fast speed!
 The Queen recalled her scepter and waved it!
 Crack!
 The scepter was directly cut in half by Li Hao's sword. The Queen was shocked. How could this be?
 How did Li Hao suddenly become so much stronger?
 If he could open the Dao Meridian, why didn't he do so before?
 But he soon understood something. He looked at Li Hao and sneered."Your body is so weak, yet you've forcefully opened so many apertures. Li Hao ... Perhaps I don't even need to kill you. Your body will collapse by itself!"
 Li Hao had actually opened a large number of acupuncture points by force. In that instant, including the previous ones, he had opened at least 25 Dao meridians in his body.
 No wonder he suddenly became so strong!
 However, if he did that, he would have to destroy his own body sooner or later.
  Modern martial masters didn't have a strong body, but there was another crucial point ... Their spiritual power was also average. Once their body collapsed, they might die completely, unlike neo martial artists who could still retain their spiritual power.
 Li Hao was seeking his own death.
 Li Hao just looked at her and suddenly smiled.""Then ... Let's see if you can save me! Yueshen, I've gained much insight and feelings from today's battle. Even if I lose ... It's nothing!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, more apertures on his body burst out.
 In an instant, the light of thorny wood illuminated the world.
 It was like a huge sun!
 "You're really courting death ..."The Queen's expression changed slightly.
 p At this moment, Li Hao seemed to have opened all his apertures.  "Because you've angered me!"
 Li Hao bellowed, and his body began to collapse. However, he didn't care. He slashed out with his sword, and with a crack, the scepter was cut in half. The Queen's expression changed slightly, and she unleashed her aura to suppress Li Hao. However, Li Hao roared, and several divine runes appeared, as if they had sealed the world!

 BOOM!
 With a sword and a kick, the sword cut through the world and the foot kicked chaos. With a bang, the Queen, who had not been injured before, was sent flying by the kick. Her body was somewhat shattered and she kept coughing up blood.
 Li Hao instantly closed in. The Queen's expression changed, and a bright moon smashed down!
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly took out his heart. Drops of blood essence flowed out of his heart. He smiled."The moon ... Is sealed!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, his heart shattered, and his blood essence spilled out.
 A special power suddenly spread between heaven and earth.
 A small Eight Trigrams diagram seemed to fly from the silver Blizzard city to this side. In an instant, the eight trigrams diagram above the silver Blizzard city suddenly trembled, and the power of the moon that had been projected was suddenly completely blocked!
 At this moment, the sky above the Silver City trembled violently, as if an expert was roaring.
 The moon goddess summoned the moon and drew upon the power of the moon. It was also a means of destroying the seal for the strong practitioners of the Stargate. However, at this moment, the Li family descendant had used his own blood essence to strengthen the seal once again!
 ……
  As the small Eight Trigrams diagram appeared, the moon that seemed to be right in front of them disappeared in an instant and hung in the void again.
 The Queen's expression changed!
 "You're crazy ..."
 He had shattered his heart and extracted his blood essence just to seal the power of the moon. Previously, Li Hao had been very calm. Even when the path of the people had been broken, he had not been so crazy. He was still as carefree as a scholar.
 But Li Hao was like a barbarian now!
 Li Hao grinned!
 Crazy?
 He wasn't crazy!
 But ... Why did you attack my teacher?
 You're forcing me to kill you!
 As soon as the power of the moon was sealed, the Queen's aura instantly weakened. Li Hao had already caught up with her. With a loud boom, he directly stuck close to her and started punching and kicking. He was no longer as gentle as before!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, he seemed to be the real silver Moon Martial Master!
 The gods who had watched the moon goddess suppress Li Hao were all shocked when they saw Li Hao counter-suppress the moon goddess.
 Below and in the air, the Silver Moon martial masters all roared,""Kill! Kill them!"
 BOOM!
 The previously lifeless Silver Moon martial masters instantly went crazy. Even the refined earth overturning sword roared, and a large number of acupuncture points on their bodies opened. Just like Li Hao, their bodies were also shattered.
 He was not the only one. The others were the same!
 Hong Yitang roared."Gather closer to me. I'll be on the defense. All of you, kill the enemy!"
 BOOM!
 With a strike of the sword, a huge defensive circle appeared between heaven and earth. The gods attacked one after another, and with a rumble, the heaven and earth trembled, but they couldn't shatter the earth overturning sword.
 Hong Yitang's Dao meridians appeared and he shouted,""Kill!"
 "Kill!"
  All the Silver Moon martial masters roared. They weren't that strong before, but at this moment, they felt like they had returned to the time when they first unsealed the Dao meridians that had yet to be opened.  The Dao Meridian could be completely activated. Opening the aperture was only because it was safer.
 It could also allow the body to withstand it.
 If he were to forcefully activate it, he would end up with his physical body destroyed, just like before.
 But at this time, they were also furious!
 In this battle, they actually hoped that the new martial artist could kill the God. In the end ... Perhaps the new martial artist did not have a physical body and was just a puppet, an original avatar, so he did not have much advantage. On the contrary, he was suppressed by the God!
 At this moment, they seemed to have come to a realization.
 "We ... Can only rely on ourselves!
 Whether it was Li Hao or them, they were all wrong.
 How could he pin all his hopes on a neo martial artist?
 Back then, even without a neo martial expert, didn't they still kill their way to Silver moon's prestige?
 Back when they were dealing with the nine divisions and the three major organizations, didn't they also rely on their fearlessness to unseal their combat power and fight against those magical powers?
 Why didn't they have this thought even though the battle was intense?
 The thought of forcefully unsealing!
 But at this moment, when Li Hao forcefully unsealed them, they seemed to have come back to their senses and realized that they could actually unseal themselves.
 Nan Quan roared and laughed,""Cool! I feel like I've returned to the time when I was unsealed ... My combat strength is unparalleled!"
 Bei Quan chuckled."Little he, unsealing ... You're also a burden. Watch us!"
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 One by one, the Dao meridians exploded. What was the point of opening the apertures? killing these gods and breaking the Dao meridians directly? wasn't it troublesome to open 10 apertures in one Meridian?
 BOOM!
 Under the protection of the earth overturning sword, the experts didn't care about defense. They directly released all their combat strength and let their physical bodies collapse as they charged toward the gods!
 This scene shocked both the gods and the neo martial artists.
  In the distance, Li Hao roared again and again. He punched and kicked, and in the end, he even wrapped around the Queen and attacked her crazily!
 All the Silver Moon martial masters seemed to have awakened at this moment!
 What was there to be afraid of?
 What was there to be afraid of?
 The reason why everyone in the world fears me, Silver Moon, is because we have nothing to fear!
 We can't stand firm by relying on neo martial experts.
 ……
 The Queen continuously coughed up blood and roared. She wanted to shake Li Hao off, but Li Hao was like a sticky candy, completely wrapping around her. He didn't care about the other party's counterattack. He erupted with powerful strength and tightly wrapped around her.
 He laughed heartily and punched through the mountains and rivers.
 Her body was indeed strong, even the body of a God. But at this moment, it was still visibly broken by Li Hao. Not only did Li Hao attack her forcefully, but he also kept sending energy into her body to check.

 "What are you doing?!" The Queen roared in anger.
 Li Hao, this shameless man, was actually examining her entire body, not letting go of any part. No matter how strong she was, she was still a woman, and a God was also a human. She had a sense of shame.
 Li Hao didn't care about this. While holding her with his arms and letting her counterattack and shatter his body, he continued to examine her body.
 He wanted to find his physical body's Dao Meridian!
 This was the only way to restore their physical bodies. Otherwise, the sword energy and the spring of life might not be able to help them restore their physical bodies.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The Queen was also furious. She exploded with an incomparably powerful battle prowess and sent Li Hao's flesh and blood flying.
 Li Hao also continuously hammered her!
 Bang, bang, bang! The flesh of the two sides shattered as they engaged in a fierce battle.
 In the distance, the Silver Moon martial masters were also in a frenzy. BA Dao suddenly let out a low roar and slashed a God spirit into two. The God spirit didn't die, but at this moment, Tian Jian let out a loud roar and shattered his body with a single strike.
  Heaven and earth trembled, as if a God had fallen.
 It was only now that both sides had truly suffered casualties.
 At this moment, the expressions of the puppet students and the monster plant avatars changed. In a battle between experts, it was very difficult to kill an opponent when they were of equal strength. Of course, it was also because they were not the original bodies.
 However, this time, they felt that the Silver Moon Martial Master still had to rely on them.
 In the end ... Until now, they hadn't suffered any losses, and neither had the gods. However, the first God to fall was actually killed by a Silver Moon Martial Master.
 "The God of misfortune!"
 Someone roared in disbelief. A God had been killed!
 The few powerful gods were all furious. In his rage, the war god roared and punched. Hong Yitang's earth-crushing sword array exploded with a bang!
 Hong Yitang's body crumbled and a divine rune appeared in front of him. It was also cracking.
 He shook his head slightly with some regret.
 The earth-shattering sword formation ... Had still been broken!
 The powerful defense from before could no longer be maintained, and the Silver Moon Martial Master could no longer display his previous combat strength.
 At this moment, Li Hao was still madly fighting with the Queen.
 He didn't shout anything, nor did he make those monster plant clones or puppet students work for him ... He knew that these people, these monsters, actually held back a little.
 It was just to earn some energy!
 If the puppet students died, they would be directly exterminated.
 As for the monster plant avatars, the destruction of their origin avatars would result in great losses.
 Therefore, even though there were many experts, it was still difficult to deal with dozens of gods.
 In the crowd, director Wang and a few of the Emperor guards were working hard, but they still couldn't suppress all the gods.
 At this moment, how could Li Hao not see all this?
 However, he did not say anything.  Just like what he had told the students from Yuan Ping martial arts university that day ... You guys, just treat yourself as mercenaries. I'll pay, and you guys will do the work.
 He knew that if it was still the neo martial arts at this moment ... These students and monster plants would go all out and even self-destruct to kill the enemy. The dozens of gods would definitely suffer heavy casualties!
 But ... He didn't have such a request, and he couldn't make such a request.
 This was not neo martial!
 In the end, they were only cooperating with him and not pledging their allegiance.
 BOOM!
 With a loud noise, Li Hao punched through the Queen's divine body.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The Queen also let out an angry roar. Her body exploded a little, and she escaped from Li Hao's control. Her pig-like face no longer had the coldness from before, only anger and madness!
 From the beginning to the end, Li Hao had been examining her body. He didn't miss a single spot!
 Not only that ... At this moment, the punch had pierced through his body ... Li Hao had actually ... Actually struck from the crotch. He was simply ... Simply shameless to the extreme!
 Hateful, hateful, should be killed, should be killed!
 Previously, she had called Li Hao an outstanding talent, but now, she was roaring angrily,""You disgusting thing, even if this King has to risk my divine Kingdom shattering, I'll kill you today!"
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Heaven and earth were in chaos. At this moment, she seemed to have gathered the power from all directions. With a roar, she no longer had the air of a Queen. Like a Shrew on the street, she instantly charged forward!
 BOOM!
 After a series of punches, Li Hao's fist shattered, and the Queen's fist was also shattered.
 At this moment, Li Hao laughed and suddenly shouted,""Retreat! We still have a long way to go. Let's kill a God to satisfy ourselves today ... Retreat!"
 "You want to leave?"
 The Queen roared in anger. You killed my God, destroyed my body, humiliated me, and humiliated me. You want to leave just like that?
 Li Hao, however, laughed. I can leave whenever I want. Do you think ... You can stop me?"
  Then, Li Hao suddenly shattered more Dao meridians.
 At this moment, a total of 360 apertures appeared.
 In an instant, the world seemed to be covered by the sun!
 An extremely powerful force erupted as Li Hao punched out. BOOM! The force of the punch swept through the world. At this moment, the Queen shrieked and roared,""Retreat!"
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The sound of explosions, shattering, and screams of pain swept through the entire city.
 Everyone was dumbfounded. They originally wanted to chase after him again, but Li Hao's calm voice echoed."I underestimated them. Retreat today. There's no need for unnecessary sacrifices. I was too arrogant. Go back and fight another day!"
 "Governor!"
 "Retreat!"
 Li Hao shouted in a low voice. Everyone was a little indignant, but at this moment, they had reached their limits, and their bodies were about to be completely shattered. They could only quickly take to the air and board the warship. Below, the troops also began to retreat after killing the enemies.

 Li Hao didn't move, either. He took the lead, and his powerful aura enveloped the entire world!
 On the other side, the Queen quickly gathered with a group of gods and said with a cold expression,""You've forcefully opened 360 apertures, and your body has completely rotted. Li Hao, don't think that I can't see that you're an arrow at the end of its flight. Your body will explode at any moment!"
 She looked at Li Hao coldly, but Li Hao smiled and nodded.""Yes, my physical body can't take it anymore and will break at any time ... But ... So what? If I want to kill, I will kill. If I want to retreat, I will retreat ... Do you dare to stop me?"
 The Queen's expression changed. Behind her, a God roared,""You're looking for death!"
 He instantly charged out, his powerful strength erupting and flames rising.
 Fire god!
 At this moment, Li Hao raised his sword and slashed!
 There wasn't any movement, and there wasn't any loud sound either. With just a crack ... The fire god that had just rushed out suddenly split into two and completely shattered.
 "Are you ... Still going to stop me?" Li Hao smiled.
  The Queen's expression changed!
 At this moment, Li Hao was too powerful. Although he might not be able to hold on any longer, how many gods 'lives would he need to sacrifice?
 She was furious, but she suppressed her anger in the end.""Li Hao ... I'll wait for your body to shatter and die. The day you die will be the day Heavenly Star is destroyed!"
 Li Hao laughed, and his flesh and blood fell."How is that possible? Yueshen, you favor me so much, how can I die so easily? It's just the destruction of my physical body. Do you think I have no way to deal with it?"
 "Today, the only pity is that ... The ninth master's clone died. I'm really sorry for him."
 After saying that, he shook his head and looked into the void.
 "Senior Zhang, you can withdraw now. That deity should also stop wasting his energy. Be careful not to get himself killed ..." Zhang xuan chuckled.
 Li Hao laughed.
 In the next moment, heaven and earth split open. Zhang an staggered slightly and his figure appeared. In the divine Hall, the Prophet God's body was shattered and bleeding continuously. Blood instantly filled the entire Hall.
 Even though Zhang an had been fighting the entire time, he was well aware of the situation. At this moment, his expression was slightly complicated.
 He ... Or rather, all of the ancient people who had participated in this war, other than the 9th Division commander, the Imperial Guards, director Wang and a few others ... The others did not have the intention to fight to the death.
 In such a situation, there was no problem in fighting a war that went with the flow.
 However, when Li Hao was entangled and suppressed ... These people, including himself, didn't play the role they should.  Zhang an was too embarrassed to face anyone and did not say a word.
 However, Li Hao didn't seem to care. He only felt a little regretful. He glanced at the God opposite him and laughed."Next time, this time ... Let's do this. Moon Goddess, as long as I'm alive, this will be the end of your divine Kingdom ... If you dare to go any further, you'll have to decide for yourself!"
 After saying that, he rose into the air and landed on the warship. He looked at the crowd apologetically and said,""Today, it's my fault for underestimating the heroes of the world! Thank you, everyone, for your help! There's still a long way to go. When I return to the divine nation ... It will be the time for the divine nation to be destroyed!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After saying that, the three battleships soared into the sky!
 Seeing this, Zhang an sighed and flew away.
 "Your Majesty ..."
 Many of the gods were unwilling to accept this, but the Queen coughed, and blood continued to flow. She gritted her teeth, shook her head, and said in a low voice,""Let them go ... The Prophet ... Can't hold on any longer!"
 Everyone's expression suddenly changed, and they flew toward the hall. Soon, they saw the blood-covered Hall filled with the Prophet gods.
 The Queen coughed out blood and said,""Goddess of life, heal the Prophet ... We're at a disadvantage ... But Li Hao and the others will feel worse. Perhaps a large number of powerhouses will die when they return ..."
 Then, he sneered."Li Hao should understand this time. Those new martial artists ... Are unreliable!"
 The gods didn't say anything.
 This time, they also felt that the neo martial artists in this battle were completely different from those years ago. The neo martial artists in the past were too powerful, but this time ... Whether it was these puppets or avatars, they seemed ... To be just perfunctory.
  It wasn't perfunctory, it was just that he didn't have the conviction to fight!
 At this moment, the Prophet also coughed up blood and chuckled.""That's right ... Because they ... Lack some faith! They weren't from Heavenly Star, and they weren't fighting for neo martial arts. Were they supposed to ... Self-destruct to kill the enemy for Li Hao? Li Hao also saw it. So, even though Zhang an almost won against me, he still chose to retreat, because Li Hao knew ... That if this continued, it would only be us and them who would suffer heavy casualties!"
 "Your Majesty ... Be careful of Li Hao ... Don't place your hopes on him dying from his shattered body. If he was really going to die, he wouldn't have retreated. He would have fought to the death!"
 The Queen's expression changed slightly. She nodded and gritted her teeth."I know. That's why I didn't continue to pester him."
 The Prophet gasped again."What I saw before may come true for Li Hao again ... Be careful, be more careful. It may not be a bad thing for him that he failed today. He has been successful since he started his career, but he did not lose control this time ... This man ... Is terrifying!"
 It would be a good thing if Li Hao completely lost control.
 However, he did not.
 In the end, he still managed to take everyone away and chose to retreat instead of continuing to fight.
 The Prophet felt that this was what made Li Hao so terrifying.

 The Queen nodded again."I understand. The Prophet should recuperate first. The rest of you ... Follow me. Don't disturb the Prophet!"
 Everyone walked out.
 ……
 At the same time.
 At this moment, Li Hao's body was constantly being shattered, but he was being maintained by the sword energy and the spring of life.
 Zhang an hesitated for a moment, but he still walked over. He looked at Li Hao and fell silent for a while, then slowly said,""If ... If it's neo martial, I might be able to kill the Prophet if I pay some price ..."
 Li Hao nodded slightly and smiled,"I'm fine!" "If I pay the price, I can kill a large number of gods even if I don't want to live. I can completely destroy all my Dao meridians, but I didn't do it, did I? Even I ... Am afraid of death and am not prepared to sacrifice myself, am I right?"
 He laughed again."The generals and powerhouses under the command of the Heavenly Star military governor's office only chose to explode at the last moment. It's only human nature!"
 If they weren't even prepared to sacrifice themselves, why would they ask others to sacrifice their lives for a little benefit?
  It was enough for him to fight.
 Zhang an hesitated for a moment, but still said,""The conditions you agreed to before can be canceled ..."
 "It's unlikely!"
 Li Hao shook his head,"senior, you don't have to worry. I'm already satisfied to be able to fight!" When I recover, I will fulfill my promise!"
 Zhang an wanted to say something, but Li Hao smiled and said,""Senior, you're too old. Go back and rest first!"
 Zhang an sighed and turned to leave.
 Li Hao stood at the bow of the ship, looking to the West. Behind him, the Silver Moon martial masters 'bodies were still being shattered, but at this moment, they were all smiling brightly. Yuan Shuo, who looked like burnt wood, put his hand on Li Hao's shoulder and pulled it off. He looked a little embarrassed.
 "My disciple knows how to be filial to her master ..."
 Li Hao smiled but didn't say anything.
 Behind him, Nanquan was still on his last legs. He was still angry and muttered,""Sure enough, I can only rely on myself ... I will never trust outsiders again!"
 Li Hao said calmly, self-improvement is the right way! Today ... I misjudged myself and the enemy! However, it's not a loss!"  It was indeed worth it!
 I've found my physical body's Dao Meridian!
 He had inspected every part of the Queen's body. He didn't lose out in this battle.
 It was just that ... It was a little demoralizing.
 Others might not know, but at least he and the Silver Moon Martial Master had been woken up by this battle!
 "Hahaha!" Li Hao suddenly burst into laughter."We ... Still profited, didn't we?"
 Li Hao laughed and shouted,""Wan Sheng!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Wan Sheng!"
 The soldiers, who had been a little nervous, let out deafening roars on the three warships at this moment. They all heaved a sigh of relief.
 This time, they had not been able to destroy the divine Kingdom of the West. Everyone had been worried, and the governor and the others had been in bad shape. Now, they were a little more at ease.
  At least the governor still had the strength to shout 'victory'!
 Li Hao also revealed a smile, which was a bit ferocious. He turned his head and looked toward the North."Ninth master ... I'll accept the word 'unbearable' this time."
 But ... You don't have to look down on me.
 It's just a failure. In my eyes, it's not a setback, but a small hurdle that I can't overcome.
 At this moment, in his broken body, a weak little Dao Meridian like a small dragon quietly emerged.
 It was very weak!
 However, it began to grow healthily. Li Hao's smile became even more brilliant. At least ... He had achieved his goal, hadn't he?
 Physical body Dao Meridian, I've found you.
 Moon Goddess, I'll come to you again next time!

 The battleship took off, but it did not return to the Silver Moon.
 Li Hao led everyone straight to the star Mine.
 …………
 Heavenly Star Town.
 The huge mineral vein was overflowing with rich energy.
 Li Hao didn't just come in himself. This time, he brought everyone, including tens of thousands of soldiers, into the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 It was the soldiers 'first time entering such a relic.
 The incomparably dense energy caused their bodies to transform.
 Li Hao's voice rang out."Everyone's contribution to the war against the divine nation can't be denied. From today onwards, you can absorb energy from this mine for three days without any limit. How much you can gain and how many apertures you can open will depend on yourself!"
 Unlimited absorption for three days.
  If he was lucky, he might be able to open dozens of acupuncture points.
 The energy in the outside world was too scarce, but the energy here was almost endless.
 As for Li Hao, he continued to lead the group forward.
 He walked all the way into the depths of the mine.
 Lin Hongyu was feeling a little uneasy.""Governor, then I'll go up and deal with the city's chores first?"
 "No need. It won't be chaotic as long as we don't care for it!"
 Li Hao's body was not broken, and he could only rely on his sword to maintain it. At this moment, he appeared very calm."Follow me in!"
 Then, he turned to Zhang an."Senior, please have a chat with officiant Jiang Li. I won't entertain you."
 Zhang an was slightly stunned, but he nodded.
 Jiang Li was a bit embarrassed.
 He didn't leave because he wanted to investigate the situation. Now that he saw the huge celestial star mineral vein ... He was tempted, but also curious about what Li Hao and the others were going in for.
 But at this moment, Li Hao's words made him feel embarrassed. He said,""No need, no need ... Governor Li, you should recuperate as soon as possible. I'll go back first ..."
 "No, if officiant Jiang leaves ... Wouldn't that make it seem like I'm not treating my guests well?"
 Li Hao smiled and gave him a meaningful look.
 If you leave, the king of Dali will no longer be restricted. What if he suddenly returns and attacks the Silver Moon Army?
 Since you're here ... Then come with us.
 "What?" Jiang Li was a little hesitant. He looked at the fierce-looking people again. Perhaps they were angry because they didn't get any advantage in the divine Kingdom. If he said anything now, he would get himself into trouble.
 He smiled and did not say anything else.
 "Then let's go and recuperate first," Li Hao said with a smile."We'll have a chat with officiant Jiang when we're better."
 After saying that, he led everyone into the depths of the mine vein.
 ……
 In the depths of the mine, there was a huge treasure pool. At this moment, there was still a lot of liquid.
 This treasure pool was originally used to nurture the body of a Heavenly King.
  Later on, Li Hao only created some physical bodies for director Wang. The others didn't touch these things much.  Li Hao looked behind him. At this moment, the people who had arrived were all the direct descendants of the new era Heavenly Star military governor's office.
 The group of Silver Moon martial masters, including director Zhao, were there.
 Aside from hou Xiaochen, the other Silver Moon martial masters, including more than ten older martial masters, were all present. There were also a few Demon Hunter Army martial masters, such as Liu Long and the others.
 There weren't many people, just over forty.
 The others were Yao si, Lin Hongyu, Chen Zhongtian, Qian Wuliang, yang Shan, Qin Lian, Dao Jian, and some other supers who had entered the rising light realm before.
 There were also Hao lianchuan and the others, who had followed Silver Moon all the way to the rising light Stage but had fallen behind.
 In addition, there were a few ancient experts, such as director Wang, a few regimental commanders of the heaven battling Army, and the Emperor guards.
 There were about 100 people in total.
 These were all the top-notch experts in the entire Heavenly Star military governor's office, including those above sunguang.
 Of course, there were still some, but they were not considered direct descendants.
 At this moment, those who could enter this place, whether they were newcomers or newcomers, including Hu Qingfeng, who only knew how to suck up to people, were all under Li Hao's direct command.
 If a Silver Moon Martial Master were to choose, only a Silver Moon Martial Master would be considered.
 But Li Hao didn't care too much about this.
 There weren't many people to begin with.
 What was a hundred people to a force?
 ,m Very, very few.  At this moment, some martial masters couldn't take it anymore. They were bleeding all over, but they all looked at Li Hao, waiting for him to speak.
 In today's battle, he didn't gain much of an advantage.
 Strictly speaking ... He was actually at a disadvantage.
 Even though they had killed two of the enemy's deities, it was actually useless. Everyone's physical bodies had suffered great losses, and the enemy's deity might be able to recover.
 Gods were born from the great Dao of heaven and earth.
 Killing the other party ... Was actually very difficult.
  They didn't have the ability to annihilate the enemy. Therefore, even if Li Hao killed the fire god, it was possible that the fire god would recover the next time. All in all, Li Hao was the one who suffered the greatest loss.
 Of course, none of them knew what Li Hao's goal was in attacking the divine Kingdom.
 Everyone was holding their breath.
 Anger and frustration!
 The ever-victorious star military governor's office had suffered a great loss this time.
 Li Hao was also seriously injured.
 Li Hao looked at everyone and said,"the key point of this battle is that we don't have a large number of high-end combat power. We're too dependent on the help of neo martial arts."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In the crowd, director Wang seemed a little awkward.
 "Of course," Li Hao continued,"we always talk about self-improvement and hope for new martial artists, but it's actually a wrong idea ... It's just that our previous opponents weren't that strong, so everyone didn't feel it."
 "Including the Li Dynasty, their divine guards and temple priests are all modern people. Therefore, the gap between them and us is not big. We can actually have the upper hand. But this time, we are at a disadvantage. Because gods are ancient existences, but they are special enough to appear after the revival of this era."

 Li Hao sighed."I lost a battle that can't be considered a crushing defeat. Actually, it's not too bad. It's not bad!"
 "I'm just a little ... Disappointed. "
 Li Hao laughed."But that's normal. I think I've already adjusted. There's no undefeatable Martial Master. I've been winning ever since Silver Moon began. Losing a small battle ... Is actually pretty good. It's also a unique feeling and experience."
 "You're really fine?"
 Yuan Shuo asked. This disciple of his might look peaceful, but he was actually very proud. He was actually very clear about this.
 Li Hao laughed."I'm really fine. It's just that I lost my first time. When I thought I would definitely win, someone retaliated. I just feel a little uncomfortable. I didn't suffer too much."
 He quickly changed the topic,"so, the most important thing now is everyone's strength."
 "Only after 10 meridians are the sun and moon. Only by stepping into the sun and moon realm can one be considered to have entered the limits of the current world ... Otherwise, no one has actually reached a limit!"
 "Seven meridians is only the strength of the weakest origin avatar."
 "There's another crucial point ..." He added."Everyone wants to unleash their maximum combat strength, but their bodies can't withstand it every time. Now, they've returned to the state when their internal organs weren't strong enough."
  Everyone nodded, but they had no choice.
 In fact, it wasn't that his physical body wasn't strong. It was just that ... On this Foundation, he couldn't unleash his power again.
 Of course, he couldn't be compared with some of the top geniuses of the new martial era, but in fact, he wasn't any weaker than the intermediate cultivators of the new martial era.
 Li Hao continued."I've discovered a new Dao Meridian so far. I don't know if it's a physical Dao Meridian. If it is, once everyone opens this Dao Meridian ... It won't be a matter of just one Dao Meridian!"
 "If our physical bodies are strong enough, we can open more acupuncture points and meridians. Our physical bodies won't collapse!"
 "Therefore, the Dao Meridian of the physical body is extremely important!"
 Li Hao smiled."At that time, it won't just be one Meridian. It might be three, five, or even more!"
 Everyone's heart moved.
 Physical body Dao Meridian?
 Yuan Shuo's eyes flickered for a moment. Although his body was burnt and withered, he was still in high spirits,""Physical body Dao Meridian ... Li Hao, have you found a new Dao Meridian?"
 ,m "Yes."  "Not all of them."
 "What?"
 Li Hao was startled, but Yuan Shuo said excitedly,""Actually, we've been doing research recently. Director Qi, I, and a few others have discussed it before. The current 36 attribute-less Dao meridians are just the smallest basic circulation. On the other hand, the human body has at least 360 attribute-less Dao meridians in the major circulation!"
 "These attribute-less Dao meridians actually strengthen different parts of the body. We have also thought about it before. Is there only one physical Dao Meridian ... Or is it a big circulation system?"
 "The non-elemental type is more moderate. It can be considered an impartial circulation system."
 "If there are attributes, there must be a big system."
 "Does the Dao Meridian of the physical body also have another major circulation system?"  "It's just that we haven't found a Dao Meridian that specializes in strengthening the body ... So we can't deduce the entire system. Once we find one, does that mean we can find more?"
 Li Hao thought for a moment and shook his head."I don't know. Right now, I might only have one physical Dao Meridian. No matter what ... I'll try the effect of this one first. If it works, I'll be satisfied."
 Yuan Shuo nodded.
 Suddenly, he asked,"did you find it on a God?" The Queen?"
 "Yes."
 "No wonder!"
 Yuan Shuo smiled and nodded."If that's the case ... If we really find a physical body Dao Meridian, then we won't lose anything this time. We'll even make a profit."
 "Teacher, you don't have to comfort me with these words ... There's no need."
 Li Hao looked at his teacher's excited expression. It seemed that he was sure that his Dao Meridian was a physical Dao Meridian even before it was activated. He wanted to say that he had gained a huge advantage in this battle. Li Hao understood what his teacher meant. He just wanted to comfort himself.
 However, Li Hao didn't think it was necessary.
 Teacher, do you still think of me as a child?
 It had been almost four years since he first entered the school. He was no longer the fragile child who had just lost his parents.
 The moment of disbelief also dissipated after the Queen was defeated.
 He didn't say anything more and looked at everyone.""I'll try to open it first. If it's possible ... Then today, we'll open our meridians together. Don't worry about not having enough resources. It doesn't matter even if this mineral vein is completely absorbed!"
 "Later, if I can successfully strengthen my body, then I can use all of the precious liquid!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After saying that, Li Hao sat down cross-legged.
 His broken heart had recovered a little with the help of the sword energy and the spring of life. However, it was still broken, which was shocking.
  Li Hao stopped talking. At this moment, a weak Dao Meridian appeared.
 It was very weak.
 The position where it appeared was also a little surprising.
 This Dao Meridian was actually hidden below the main pillar Dao Meridian, which was also below the lightning Dao Meridian.
 It was as if he had appeared from another dimension.
 It was also on the pillar.
 Everyone was a little surprised. Was this considered a Dao Meridian of the same position but a different latitude?
 Li Hao, how did you find out?
 However, Li Hao didn't care about this. He devoured a large amount of energy, and his weak Dao Meridian continued to grow. In the blink of an eye, it grew from a small earthworm to the size of a water snake.
 Li Hao absorbed some of the precious liquid, and his Dao Meridian continued to grow.

 However, at this moment, his physical body did not change much.
 This was because the Dao Meridian had only grown in size and had yet to be activated.
 It was impossible to say how much time had passed, but the Dao Meridian had grown to the size of a giant dragon. However, there were still no major changes. It was difficult to determine whether or not the Dao Meridian actually had an element.
 Those with elemental Dao meridians would have some elemental power, such as the five-element Dao meridians.
 The attribute-less Dao Meridian was a little gray.
 However, this Dao Meridian was a little crystal clear. Just from this point alone, it was different from the previous ones. Perhaps it really was a special kind of Dao Meridian.
 Did he need to comprehend Shi?
 Or would it be fine to directly expand it?
 Everyone couldn't care about anything else as they watched intently.
 Li Hao was also wondering if he should comprehend force before breaking it.
  However, this was the first time he had encountered such a Dao Meridian. After some consideration, he chose not to comprehend force. After all, he did not know how to comprehend force with this thing.
 What kind of force to comprehend?
 If it was related to the physical body ... Then what kind of Shi was the physical body?
 In that case, he could only choose to break it by force and open his Dao Meridian.
 Li Hao didn't shatter it immediately. Instead, he cut it according to the aperture acupoint technique and stabilized his meridians. After thinking for a while, he said,""I'm going to start opening a part of my Dao Meridian now ... If it's effective, I'll definitely be able to extract a special energy from the bright star realm and strengthen my body."
 "If it doesn't work ... Then there's nothing I can do."
 Li Hao took a deep breath. He was finally a little nervous.
 If it didn't work ... Then he would have really suffered a huge loss this time.
 After a while.
 Li Hao took another deep breath. The others held their breath and waited nervously for the result.
 In the next moment, a part of his Dao Meridian was activated.
 Kachaa!
 It seemed to be broken.
 The next moment, a Jade-white energy spread from the bright star sector and poured into Li Hao's body. It was very similar to the bones of the beginner level martial stage, because it was now another type of beginner level martial stage.
 This special energy was very different from the imperishable substance of neo martial.
 The imperishable substance was the source of powerful energy for the neo martial golden body powerhouses.
 But this time, it was white energy.
 The White energy didn't pour into Li Hao's body much, but in an instant, some of his previous injuries began to heal. It was even more effective than the spring of life and the sword energy.
 In an instant, a low growl suddenly came from the entire underground.
 An excited roar!
 It really did seem like a physical body Dao Meridian!
  Zhang an and the others who were outside the mine heard the roar and were a little puzzled. They had just lost, and these people ... Weren't they depressed?  ……
 In the mine vein, everyone was no longer depressed.
 When Li Hao's body emitted a milky white energy, everyone went crazy.
 "Yes, this is it ... This is the real source of life, the color of human milk ... The origin energy of life!" Yuan Shuo mumbled.
 On the side, Nan Quan squatted on the ground and said faintly,""Yes, it's the same color before giving birth ..."
 Everyone looked at him in disdain.
 We're discussing the origin of life, how can you be so shameless?
 Nan Quan rolled his eyes. The entire Silver Moon Martial Master Circle is pushing me aside.
 Was there something wrong with what I said?
 Of course, he couldn't be bothered to pay attention to these guys. He looked at Li Hao with excitement.
 Was this ... The true physical body Dao Meridian?
 Previously, he had thought that attribute-less Dao meridians were physical Dao meridians. It turned out that they were not!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was still breaking his Dao Meridian bit by bit.
 At this moment, a smile appeared on Li Hao's face, and his broken face began to recover. It was no longer as terrifying as before. However, after a while, Li Hao frowned and said softly,""The effect is not bad, or rather, it's very good ... But ..."
 "But I don't feel like I'm transforming," Li Hao said with a slight frown.
 Yuan Shuo could not help but ask,"what's your strength now?" Do you expect a Dao Meridian to transform you directly? What was she thinking? However, for other people, or to cultivators below the sun and moon stage, opening this Dao Meridian will definitely result in a huge transformation!"
 What was Li Hao's strength?
 At his level, if a Dao Meridian appeared and directly transformed his strength and physical body, how strong would he be?
 Yuan Shuo continued."Even if the Dao Meridian is opened, it can continue to strengthen. It can absorb the special energy of the bright star realm. Different acupuncture points can absorb different energies. This way, one can strengthen the Dao Meridian and divine power!"
 Li Hao nodded."I'll try to open all of them!"
  With that, he let out a low groan, and the speed at which he was slowly opening his Dao meridians was also accelerated by a lot.
 Soon, the entire Dao Meridian was broken and opened by him.
 In an instant, a powerful energy surged into his body.
 Kachaa!
 Some changes seemed to have occurred to Li Hao's bone armor. Originally, he was transforming toward the neo martial Golden Bones, which was also a subconscious imitation. But at this moment, with the flow of milky-white power, the bone armor returned to white from its pale gold color.
 "Human bones are supposed to be white ... Is this ... Tracing back to the source?" Li Hao mumbled.
 The beginner martial white jade bone was white.
 However, the bones and body of a beginner level martial artist were not inferior to a neo martial artist.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Neo martial's golden body path was also a special technique that made the bone armor into a metal-like object. However, the energy that Li Hao extracted this time turned the bone armor white again.
 Li Hao strengthened his body and felt it. He was delighted.

 To him, the increase wasn't that great.
 He had opened quite a number of Dao meridians, and the strengthening of his body this time might only be enough for Li Hao to open one or two more. However ... For others, it might be enough for them to open three to five more Dao meridians.
 This was completely different!
 Li Hao smiled, opening apertures is only for gradual progress! Once I can open the Dao Meridian of the physical body ... I might be able to open a few more Dao meridians directly and just break them. I don't have to open the apertures bit by bit!"
 Li Hao looked at everyone and said,'the physical body's Dao Meridian really exists! This is our chance!"
 Everyone was very excited.
 However, Yuan Shuo insisted."There might be more than one physical Dao Meridian. I stand by my opinion. Li Hao, let's try to activate this one first. You can try to find it again!"
 Li Hao nodded and then looked at everyone.""Everyone, enter the treasure pool to cultivate!"
 With that, he waved his hand, and a large amount of spring of life appeared.
 The water was provided by the monster plants, and it filled up a large water tank. But now, Li Hao poured all of it into the treasure pool. Everyone gasped slightly. This ... Was quite a huge consumption.
  Li Hao continued."No matter how much energy you have, even if you're killed, it'll still belong to someone else ... This time, we'll do whatever it takes. I hope that everyone can step into the true sun Moon tier and have at least 10 Dao meridians!"
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,'now, the world is stabilizing, and the experts that can appear are getting stronger and stronger! "From the looks of it, my limit is more than 20. Of course, this is for people like us who have the support of heaven's will or great DAOs. But even if we don 't, those origin source avatars can still produce close to 10 or even more powerful origin source avatars."
 Before this, when he annihilated Jiusi, the strongest could only barely produce seven types of magical powers.
 How long has it been?
 He could already produce 10 types of god art combat power. As time passed, the world would become more and more stable, and it was only a matter of time before more powerful experts appeared.
 It wasn't just the ancient people who were coming back to life. The gods were also coming back to life.
 The more stable the heaven and earth was, the stronger the God.
 Gods at their peak had the combat power of Saints, and these gods had not yet reached that peak.
 They were growing together with heaven and earth.
 It had to be said that the gods were also blessed by the heavens, and they possessed advantages that others did not.
 The crowd didn't say much and entered the treasure pool.
 Large amounts of precious liquid were instantly extracted by them.
 This treasure pool was originally used to nurture the Heavenly King's body. It was extremely beneficial for repairing the body. Now, it was suitable for everyone to use it to heal their injuries and open their physical Dao meridians.
 With Li Hao as the foundation, everyone had no more worries. They began to absorb energy to materialize new Dao meridians.
 Li Hao also started to recover from his injuries.
 The newly opened Dao Meridian had made his physical body stronger.
 However, Li Hao found it difficult to open 360 apertures by force. At this moment, he began to seal more apertures to reduce the pressure on his body.
 At this moment, he had opened 9 Dao meridians.
  He had opened one physical body Dao Meridian.  "As for opening more than 180 apertures, opening five apertures means opening a complete Dao Meridian.
 Li Hao reduced the number of apertures and sealed some to reduce the burden on his body.
 However, compared to the previous 230, he still held back a little.
 At this moment, he could still bear more Dao meridians.
 Soon, Li Hao left behind 250 shining apertures.
 14 attribute-less Dao meridians had been completely opened.
 At this point, his body was no longer under too much burden. Including the physical Dao Meridian that he had just opened and the nine supernormal Dao meridians, Li Hao had already opened 24 complete Dao meridians.
 According to their classification of the new martial path, nine paths meant that they were at the nine levels of the mountain sea realm.
 The first level of the sun Moon realm had three more meridians. Li Hao had now reached the peak of the fifth level of the sun Moon realm.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Of course, for those who were not strong and had not opened their Dao meridians, they would have to open 300 apertures to be considered to have reached the peak of the fifth level of Sun Moon realm.
 At this moment, Li Hao's body was much more stable.
 There was not as much pressure as before.
 He thought of that Queen. That person, if based on strength, was slightly stronger than him, at the sixth level of the sun Moon realm.
 Previously, Li Hao was much weaker than his opponent.
 But now, this distance had been closed.
 However ... If they fought again now, would they be able to defeat her if they didn't forcefully open their Dao meridians?
 Li Hao was a genius with many tricks up his sleeve, but his opponent was also a god of this world and not a weakling. At this stage, it was actually very difficult to win against someone of a higher level.
  However, Li Hao felt somewhat unwilling.
 He felt helpless. At this moment, he didn't think about fighting above his realm. He only thought about how he should forcefully open a few more Dao meridians.
 He might really have more than one physical body Dao Meridian.
 This was because Li Hao felt that although his body had become stronger ... He didn't feel like he had undergone a huge transformation.
 He judged in his heart that perhaps it was just as his teacher had said. There was probably more than one physical Dao Meridian. However, opening one could be considered as finding the key. The others would be easy to find.
 He glanced at the treasure pool. At this moment, everyone was crazily absorbing energy.
 Countless energy gushed into their bodies.
 The weaker one was, the stronger one's physical body would be when the Dao Meridian was activated.
 The greater the improvement for them!
 Li Hao thought to himself, if I were to learn martial arts for the first time and directly open my physical Dao Meridian ... There might be a completely different effect.

 The first Dao Meridian could directly open a physical Dao Meridian and lay the foundation ... What kind of effect would that have?
 Perhaps, he could quickly strengthen his strength!
 He would first open his physical body's Dao Meridian before cultivating other things ... Once his Foundation and physique were strong enough, all that was left was to press forward!
 In the past, Li Hao would have made it public immediately.
 But this time, Li Hao hesitated.
 After thinking for a while, he exhaled and decided not to disclose it to the public for the time being.
 This time ... He could implement it internally for a while, including the tens of thousands of soldiers outside. Apart from the heaven-battling Army, there were tens of thousands of direct troops. If he opened one of their Dao meridians in advance ... These people were not weak to begin with. If they improved quickly ...
 The tens of thousands of soldiers might all be able to make huge progress.
 But ... Tens of thousands of people!
 Opening a physical body Dao Meridian ... This would consume a significant amount of resources. Li Hao hoped to open it immediately, which would require a large number of energy stones and a large amount of spring of life.
  However, if all of them were to be opened, these tens of thousands of soldiers might be able to give everyone a surprise.
 Everyone had ascended to a higher level, so their cultivation speed would be even faster in the future.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao did not go out or speak.
 He had restored some of the broken armor, at least keeping the core.
 ……
 At this moment, all the soldiers who were cultivating outside suddenly received a message from their armors.
 "In order to reward everyone for your contributions in this battle, I've specially bestowed upon you the cultivation method of a new Dao Meridian that can not be taught to outsiders! When this Meridian is activated, your body will be twice as strong, and your qi and blood will be twice as strong. Pay attention to the cultivation diagram inside the armor!"
 Soon, a cultivation map appeared in front of everyone.
 It was a complete plan to activate the Dao Meridian.
 Everyone was shocked. Cultivating this Dao Meridian could double the strength of the body?
 This ... Was simply unbelievable.
 The next moment, an order came from the armor again,""Cultivate here and don't reveal this Dao Meridian and aperture point. This is a special cultivation technique in the military! Now, I'll provide you with the spring of life ... I hope you can open it completely in three days!"
 Then, a large amount of spring water of life suddenly fell from the ruins.
 Not only that, countless divine power stones were crushed instantly, and a large amount of energy emerged.
 The few people who were chatting were all shocked!
 ,m Jiang Li gasped. Li Hao ... Is he crazy?  He actually used so many divine power stones and the spring of life for these soldiers to cultivate?
 At that moment, the soldiers were all sitting cross-legged on the ground and cultivating their physical Dao meridians. They were all very excited.
 ……
 Li Hao, on the other hand, disappeared again.
 At this moment, he had entered the bright star sector.  He followed a large number of people and began to cultivate the Dao of the physical body. He quickly wandered through the void and soon stopped in a void. There was a feeling of energy gathering in this place.
 Physical energy!
 An idea came to Li Hao's mind. He had thought before that the Dao universe should be orderly.
 In that case, the power of the five elements should be gathered in one area.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com His physical strength gathered in one area.
 Attribute-less energy gathered in one area.
 He would divide the Dao universe and turn disorder into order. This way, he would be able to sort out the entire Dao universe.
 "It's just that ... The great Dao universe seems to have just been established ... The laws themselves don't seem to be too perfect ..."
 As Li Hao thought about this, he recalled his grand ambitions.
 He would use his Holy prose as the coordinates, the core of the great Dao of heaven and earth, and the training coordinates of the Silvermoon people.
 He looked at the void in front of him. At this moment, it was like a small pond that was starting to bubble.
 This was a special state created by someone who cultivated the physical body Dao.
 The entire universe had already begun to take shape. There were even some special States being produced. For example, there was a place in the universe where a lot of fire-type energy was gathered. That place was the cultivation place of the fire-type.
 "It's still too scattered ... Only by tidying up the entire great Dao can I cultivate the various great DAOs in an orderly manner ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao had already walked out of his previous disappointment.
 He knew that he had to be stronger to deal with everything.
 But now, other than opening his Dao Meridian, there might be other ways to make him stronger.
 Previously, the people's will had instantly collapsed, making Li Hao understand that this was a long and arduous task, and it would not be able to make the world submit in a short time.
 In that case ... Li Hao wouldn't admit defeat.
 In the outside world, he naturally had to continue. However, he also thought that since he couldn't make everyone submit, he would first return to the Dao!
  The only one who could win the hearts of people was the Emperor.
 The one who could gather the great DAOs was the Dao master!
 It was difficult to take back a person's heart, so he would take back his Dao heart first!
 "If I divide the universe into regions and use my different divine text Dao meridians as the core of each region ... I'll gather the great Dao of the world and complete the division of the great Dao in a region. Does that mean ... The great Dao belongs to me?"
 The human heart was the most difficult to fathom, but the great Dao was ruthless, so it was easier to deal with.
 It was just that ... This was an extremely huge project. Li Hao looked at the vast universe and felt a headache.
 "Perhaps ... I should move all of the fire-element planets to the fire-element region! This sort of classification will complete the separation of the regions ... And finally, the great Dao of the universe will be sorted out. "
 At this thought, Li Hao immediately took a deep breath.
 This ... Might take his entire life to do it?
 "Also, every time the divine text gathers, it will extract the location here ... Perhaps I should stabilize the channel. Even if I extract it, I won't let the great Dao leave the bright star World ..."

