fileno%d
Li Hao was still a little confused. Why had the energy declined all the way from the ancient civilization?
 It was only 20 years ago that it recovered a little.
 Before this, there seemed to be no energy in the entire land of Silver Moon.
 Of course, now wasn't the time to pursue these questions.
 At this moment, Li Hao could already see the gate of stellarsky city.
 There was a slight commotion in the cabin. This was the first time that many soldiers had made such a long journey to the legendary capital, and they were all filled with curiosity and anticipation.
 Li Hao's group spent four days traveling from Silver Moon to Heavenly Star.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It wasn't too rushed.
 In the past four days, Li Hao and the others had not been idle. A large amount of sword energy gushed out and purified a lot of mysterious energy. To Li Hao, the improvement was limited, but to a group of ordinary people, it was easy to imagine how effective it was.
 Almost all of the thousands of soldiers had successfully entered the tenth execution realm.
  The improvement from being close to severing ten to entering severing ten was still very big, but to Li Hao, it was really just a drop in the ocean. The ten severing realm of a Martial Master was not difficult, but it was actually very easy before he reached perfection.
 Especially with the help of sword energy to suppress the rebellion of the mysterious energy. If he wasn't worried that everyone's strength would increase too quickly and cause it to go out of control, it wouldn't be difficult to forcibly raise their strength to over 100 in a few days.
 Together with the heaven-battling puppet, they were already an elite army, and their combat power would rapidly rise.
 As for Liu Long and the others, they didn't cultivate much these few days. They were mainly responsible for teaching the ten ring Mountain sealing formation.
 10 people in a group to form a small ten ring Mountain sealing array, 100 people would be an even larger scale ...
 By the time all 1000 people had learned it and could work together successfully, gathering power on one person would presumably have a different effect. The premise was that the person being gathered could withstand all this.
 At the city gate.
 Li Hao saw the flag of the royal family fluttering.
 The Royal flag of the star dynasty was as bright as the stars in the sky. This was the origin of the star dynasty, the star flag.
 The huge divine boat landed.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 He had already received a message from Nan Quan that the ninth Prince had arrived. It was said that the ninth Prince was a powerful contender for the throne. Of course, the Heavenly Star King was still alive, but Li Hao didn't know if the previous Heavenly Star King was dead or not.
 If the old Secretary of the nine divisions was still alive, then it didn't seem to matter if the old Emperor of the previous generation was alive.
 It was said that he had died long ago, but who knew?
 In the distance, a young man in a yellow robe was waiting silently with his hands behind his back and a warm smile on his face. On both sides of him were some Dao protectors of the black armored Army. There were not many of them, only a hundred or so.
 "Get off the ship!"
 Li Hao shouted in a low voice, and teams of demon hunters disembarked from the ship.
  …………  Not far away.
 The ninth Prince frowned and disappeared. He sent a message to Nanquan,""This is the heaven battling Army? No wonder Marquis heavenstar brought over 1000 soldiers. They're all equipped with heaven-battling armor ... Does this mean that Marquis heavenstar has obtained the authority of a commander in heaven battling city and can expand his Army as he wishes?"
 Even if it was an ordinary person equipped with the heaven-battling puppet, it would be difficult for an ordinary person above 100 to be injured by Yue Ming.
 The royal family had the black armored Army, so they naturally knew the secret.
 "He's the Guild leader. Didn't he already know about this?"
 Li Hao didn't hide his silver armor, so those who knew what it meant naturally knew. Whether there were any silver armors in the black armored Army ... It was unclear, but there was a high probability that they existed. It was just that they hadn't been exposed.
 The ninth Prince shook his head and said, "It's different! Master he could tell that the black armored Army was indeed an ancient Army, but ... Even if a commander appeared in the black armored Army, it was not easy to expand the Army just because they wanted to. It was rather troublesome! It's as easy as pie for Marquis heavenstar to expand by a thousand people. "
 He glanced at the thousand-man army in the distance, and his eyes flickered.
 The imperial family's Black armored Army was quite large.
 However, in order to obtain the authority, they had paid a great price. Later, in order to deal with the Jiusi, they had paid an even greater price. It was also because of this that the Jiusi had taken the initiative when they had not been paying attention. The members of the Jiusi were also cunning and dealt a heavy blow to the imperial family at the critical moment.
 "Master he, you're also a bronze-armored warrior. Are there many ancient masters in the heaven-battling Army who can still fight?"
 "I'm not too sure. I've only seen one gold and three silver ... But I heard that there's another gold in the military camp."
 He didn't hide anything. Besides, there was no need to.
 The waters of the ancient city were too deep, and you could only see the surface.
 The ninth Prince muttered to himself. Two gold-tier Warriors?
 An existence at the level of a teacher?
  He wasn't weak.
 But if the eight great ancient cities had preserved such strength ... It was really not that impressive. It was said that heaven battling city had a population of tens of millions in the past, but the number of troops that could fight exceeded one million, and the division commander was only the commander of ten thousand people.
 There were over a hundred master-level powerhouses, and if only two of them were left ... That was really not a lot.
 Moreover, it was not easy to judge whether he was completely dead or not. Being able to move did not mean that he was still alive.
 Almost all the living things found in the ancient ruins were monster plants.
 Monster plants had long lifespans. In addition, they could produce the spring of life to nourish themselves. They had a longer lifespan than ordinary monsters and humans.
 This was also the reason why the ancient strong practitioners mentioned by the various families were almost all monster plants.
 "Da da da!"
 A series of neat footsteps came from the distance. The Tiger flag fluttered in the wind, and Li Hao walked over.
 The ninth Prince smiled and didn't say anything more to Nan Quan. He took a step forward and said loudly,""My father is overjoyed to see Marquis heavenstar return. He has specially ordered me to welcome Marquis heavenstar's triumphant return ..."

 "Triumphant?"
 Li Hao couldn't help but laugh. He took a step forward and looked at the thin young man in front of him."I just went back for a while and came back again. How is it triumphant? But I still have to thank the ninth Prince!"
 "Do I have to kneel down and thank you?"
 The ninth Prince chuckled."There's no need. The royal family has been in seclusion for 80 years. There are no such rules anymore. It's just some red tape. The times are different now that the supers have risen. Marquis heavenstar is the strongest person in the world, so there's no need to be like this!"
 He said it very politely.
 As for Li Hao's lack of manners, he didn't take it seriously. In this era, the strong were arrogant.
 Unless the royal family once again unified the world and suppressed the world.
 Otherwise, he would only be asking for trouble if he continued to argue about this.
 "It's my first time meeting you, Marquis heavenstar," the ninth Prince said."You're much more forthright and younger than the rumors say ...."
 "The ninth Prince is also very young!"
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I heard that the ninth Prince is only 20 years old, the same age as me," Li Hao said with a smile.
 This was what the seventh Princess had said. The thin young man in front of her was not old.
 The ninth Prince chuckled."We're different. After all, I was born in the royal family and received resources that ordinary people couldn't access. I didn't lack anything since I was born, so I admire Marquis heavenstar even more!"
 He was very humble.
 Li Hao smiled but didn't say anything. Seeing this, the ninth Prince quickly smiled and said,""Marquis heavenstar must be tired from the long journey and is probably looking forward to going back to rest. I won't disturb you, in case you overwork yourself ..."
 Then, he took out a storage ring and said with a smile,""This is a small token of appreciation from the imperial family. Marquis heavenstar has just returned to heavenstar city, and he's doing well. In the future, if Marquis heavenstar wants to find someone to drink and chat with, you can ask master he to bring you a message. He'll be at your beck and call ... Just that you can't leave heavenstar city. "
 "Many thanks!"
 Li Hao directly took it and said with a smile,""I will. Next time, I'll have a drink with the Prince!"
 "Master he, you can stay here and chat with Marquis heavenstar. I'll go back first."
 He Yong nodded.
 The ninth Prince didn't stay any longer and left with a bright smile. The black armored Army quickly followed behind.
 Li Hao glanced at it and raised his eyebrows.
 The black armored Army!
 There were only a hundred or so people. Judging from their pace and aura, Li Hao could sense that they were very strong, even though they were covered by armor. None of them were weaker than a hundred people. Their aura also permeated the team.
 It was unknown how many warrior of thousands or even higher were there.
 Compared to the Demon Hunter Army behind them, Li Hao's side was far inferior.
 Nan Quan chuckled and glanced over as well. He said with a smile,""Still looking, do you want to fight?"
 "He's very strong?"
  "You can't tell?"  Li Hao said thoughtfully,"I can tell a little. He's a powerful Martial Master. As for how many locks he has, I can't tell. How's he compared to uncle-master Nanquan?"
 "I'm not sure,"
 Nan Quan shook his head."I knew a little in the past, but after he entered the ruins a few times, his strength should have improved a lot. I can't judge the details. He might not have used his martial arts for a long time."
 Then, he looked at Li Hao and asked him telepathically, why did you bring the old man from the administration?
 "I'm helping out with some trivial matters. "
 "You're really good!"
 The southern Fist was also speechless. Amazing.
 This fellow actually managed to abduct the Deputy Director of the administration Bureau. Whether this Zhou fellow is truly an expert or not, Silver Moon has his own opinions.
 There was a kind of strength called 'the great hidden in the city'. Everyone knew that you might be a strong person, but they didn't know how strong you were ... This was what made people afraid.  Director Zhao and Deputy Director Zhou had been in charge of Silver Moon for many years, so no one would believe that they were not experts.
 But if he was ... How strong was he?
 He had never seen them make a move.
 Deputy Director Zhou looked at Nan Quan and smiled,""Master he, long time no see!"
 He Yong didn't bother and didn't say anything.
 Li Hao didn't say much,"let's go into the city." My place is small and a little shabby. The imperial family said that they would reward me with a Marquis's mansion, which is said to be on Jiusi Street. It is a big place, but unfortunately ... I don't dare to go, for fear of being beaten to death by Jiusi!"
 Nanquan laughed.
 Deputy Director Zhou said casually,"Why not? The nine divisions were the core of the world. It was not a long-term plan to occupy the North City. It gave people the feeling that they were a grassroots team ... Sometimes, one should not think that position and appearance were not important. Only by entering Jiusi Street is the core of the star dynasty. "
  This was not a place to stay for long.
 If you stayed here for too long, everyone would think that you were ready to run away at any time.
 Li Hao nodded thoughtfully and didn't answer.
 Nan Quan glanced at him and smiled, baring his teeth.
 He felt uncomfortable looking at this old man. He had an all-knowing expression on his face and really wanted to give him a punch.
 "Martial uncle Nanquan, is there anything major happening in stellarsky city while I'm gone?"
 "What big thing could it be? If you didn't stir up trouble, stellarsky city would have been quiet for 80 years without any trouble!"
 Nan Quan also laughed,"Oh right, it's a small matter. Didn't the financial division give up a relic?" "A martial arts university. The nine divisions, the imperial family, and even some other clans are all eyeing this place."
 "Although the financial division has been developing it for some time, it has not been fully developed. There should still be some good things. Are you interested in taking a look?"
 Li Hao thought for a moment."I've heard of it once. It's said to be a class 2 relic. Are there different classes for relics?"

 "Of course!"
 Nan Quan nodded."It's just a simple division. It's divided according to the degree of danger. It's not a fixed degree of danger, but how many people go in and how many people come out each time. It's divided according to the battle loss ratio! For example, heaven battling city ... That's a special-class relic, and few people can come out alive after entering it. "
 "If it's a level one relic, the death rate will be more than 50%."
 "Level two, between 30% and 50%, is considered more dangerous. Under normal circumstances, the financial division will develop it, and there will definitely be sunguang level people who have entered."
 Li Hao understood. This division ... Actually didn't mean anything.
 If it weren't for Li Hao's group, heaven battling city wouldn't have lost so many people.
 In that case, it was just a simple classification of danger. He had thought that it would depend on the harvest and the treasure.
 At the side, Deputy Director Zhou said softly,"there are three types of ruins. First, ancient cities." "Second, martial arts universities. Third, ancient families and sect bases. These three are the easiest to preserve. The others, without the protection of special powers, are almost impossible to preserve. "
 "Every relic that can be preserved ..."
 "There are only a few possibilities. First, there's a treasure that can stabilize the ruins. Second, there must be an expert who can seal the ruins. Third, there are no treasures or powerhouses. There are only some Taoist connotations left in the residences of some top powerhouses in the past. The Taoist connotations in these ruins are the greatest treasures!"
  Obviously, this person knew a lot about the ruins.
 Nan Quan turned his head to look at him again and smiled.""Old man, it looks like your government has been digging for quite a bit. You know so much about it?"
 Director Zhou looked at him and said,"Read more. This is not an official statement, but a book published by Yuan Shuo many years ago. It's called the notes on ancient civilization exploration ... Of course, it was banned after less than 1000 copies were published. The officials don't encourage people to explore ruins, as it's too dangerous."
 Nanquan was stunned and then cursed in a low voice.
 Who was the connotation?
 No, just say that I don't want to study anymore!
 Li Hao was also surprised,"really?" I've never read this book before. "
 "Yes, it was sealed early."
 Li Hao chuckled. His teacher had never mentioned it. It seemed that he had either forgotten about it or was too angry to mention it.
 Li Hao nodded.
 There was naturally a reason why the ruins could be preserved.
 He was also considering whether he should explore a martial arts university. If he was in Silver Moon, he would definitely go, but here ... He had to be careful not to fall into someone's trap.
 The Financial Secretary may not have good intentions in giving this away.
 In addition, Li Hao had never been to such ruins. In fact, he had only been to heaven battling city and the Imperial Palace, and he had found many things there.
 'Martial arts university ...' This was a common term.
 The key was, according to Zhang Liang from heaven battling city's military supplies Department, if the martial Sciences University was fully equipped, they might be able to exchange some trash items for treasures ... The premise was that the other party still had treasures.
 Most martial arts universities seemed to have this function.  There was no hurry. After all, this was not the first time it had been explored. If there was anything good, it would have been taken away long ago. If it wasn't taken away, it meant that there was danger, and ordinary people couldn't get it.
 ……
 The group of people walked from outside the city to the temporary encampment of the Heavenly Star military governor's office in the North City, attracting some attention along the way.
 The current encampment was only a few dilapidated houses that were temporarily built together. There was indeed nothing majestic about it.
 This place used to be a slum.
 Compared to the high-rise buildings in the city, it was very dilapidated.
 Compared to Jiusi Street in the city center, it wasn't as majestic, Grand, and small. No wonder director Zhou said that staying here wasn't a long-term solution.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Furthermore, he had been staying in North City. Over there, business was not doing well. Many poor people had to go further and beg for food elsewhere.
 Li Hao thought as he walked. He had made some decisions.
 Perhaps ... He should go to Jiusi Street!
 At the very least, the information was more comprehensive and it would be more convenient to do things. Now, he had to cross half a city to get to the Nightwalker's headquarters.
 ……
 The night patrolman.
 The big-eyed man jogged into the room and quickly said,""Li Hao is back. I heard that the royal family sent the ninth Prince to welcome him, but he left after a short chat!"
 "Dao Jian, are you going to the North City?" he asked.
 Dao Jian chuckled,"what should I do?."
  "Sparring!"
 "He's using a Divine Art while I'm only transforming ... Am I asking to be humiliated?"
 Dao Jian laughed,"you encouraged me to find him to learn from each other, but didn't you just let me get beaten up?"
 "No, didn't you use to be able to challenge those of a higher rank? And you have the heavenly Dao ruler ..."
 However, Dao Jian wasn't interested and shook his head."There's no need. I heard that his temper isn't very good. If we really get angry in a spar, it'll be a joke. You guys should be a little quieter. There's no need to get into a conflict with him."
 "No, I didn 't!"
 The big-eyed man denied it and said,"not us. It's mainly the Nightwalker. Many people are waiting. I heard that Li Hao wants to take us in!" He's powerful, but to directly take us in ... Are you willing to? It's not just me, many people are not happy about it!"
 It wasn't to the extent that he harbored great malice toward Li Hao.
 But Li Hao was too arrogant!
 In the past few days, there had been news that Li Hao wanted to take in the night patrollers and establish his own sect. He wasn't going to inherit Yao SI's family business, but to take over Yao SI's entire family and eat them up!

 One must know that there were tens of thousands of supers in the central region.
 Although the local forces were a little disobedient, there were more than 3000 night watchers in stellarsky city alone, which was a rather powerful force.
 At the headquarters, including them, there were dozens of people in rising light alone.
 With such a force, Yao si didn't die. Li Hao didn't give them any face by doing this!
 Dao Jian didn't say anything and just waved his hand,"let's wait and see!."
 At this stage, it was just a rumor. What was the rush?
 Even if the night patrolman agreed, the inspection Office had to agree first. Li Hao wanted to eat the night patrolman in one go ... This wasn't something that could be achieved simply by having great martial strength.
 He felt that Li Hao's thinking was too simple. Just because Yao si helped him last time, it didn't mean that Li Hao was willing to hand over the Nightwatch.
 Huang Long had been a Night Watcher for five years, but in the end, at least half of the night watchers still supported Yao si.
 ……
  At the inspection Office.
 The Inspector General was reading a book when he heard the discussion. He looked up at the people below and said,""If you're back, then you're back. Don't tell me you still want to hold a welcome party?"
 "Secretary, it's said that Li Hao wants to Annex the night watchers. There are even rumors in the royal family that Li Hao wants to build the tenth division independently ..."
 "Is it that easy?" the inspector chuckled. Even if he were to start another battle, it would be almost impossible to achieve this goal. The establishment of the nine divisions was not solely based on martial arts. You won't understand even if I explain it to you. "
 He then shook his head and said,"not very likely. As for swallowing the night patrolmen and completing the leap, it also depends on the night patrolmen. Now, because Yao si attacked before, everyone still has some goodwill towards Li Hao ... Once Yao si retaliates, the night patrolmen will quickly cut him off. At that time, Li Hao will know how wrong his decision was!"
 The night patrolman that was painstakingly built, Yao si had finally pulled himself together. If I ask you to hand over the night patrolman, will you agree?
 The inspector felt that Li Hao was playing with fire.
 It wasn't easy to win over some people, so why was he in such a hurry?
 Young people just couldn't keep their cool!
 Now, the nine divisions were waiting to see him make a fool of himself. The imperial family, on the other hand, did not care. If they succeeded, they would embarrass the nine divisions, but if they failed, they would not lose anything. Naturally, they were happy to boost Li Hao's reputation.
 ……
 With Li Hao's return, everyone was talking about him.
 Meanwhile, in the dilapidated courtyard of the Heavenly Star military governor's office.
 Not long after Li Hao led director Zhou and the others into the room, Yun Yao's expression changed, as if she had seen someone.
 Looking towards the corner, a small figure was peeking out like a thief.
 Yunyao was wearing armor at the moment, so she didn't show her face.
 Glancing over, his expression changed slightly. He then looked at Liu Long and whispered,"Captain, I'm going to do something. I'll be back later."
 "Now?"
 "Yes."
 "Don't run around, be careful!"Liu Long frowned and whispered.
 "I know."
 Yun Yao didn't say much and walked into the distance. Liu Long glanced at her and frowned slightly, but he didn't say anything.
 The martial masters in the Silver City all had their own stories.
 However, he was helpless at times.
 Although Li Hao was strong now, he didn't want to cause too much trouble for Li Hao. Some things weren't that easy to do.
 ……
 Yuqi was observing the situation when Li Hao took her in and then left for a week.
 She had been very anxious recently.
 Her younger brother was still outside.
 It wasn't a good idea to stay here. If he didn't go out, what if his brother starved to death?
 Even though he had left all the savings he had saved for Yuming before he left, Yuming liked to spend money like that. When he was in trouble, he would help out when he was in trouble.
 He had to get out!
 Li Hao was back now, but she didn't know when Li Hao would reverse the verdict for the Yun family. Instead of waiting, she might as well go back.
  She watched Li Hao lead his men into the hall and decided that she would go and find him when he came out.  Just as she was thinking, she felt someone beside her. She turned her head and saw a black-armored warrior. Her eyes were alert. She was still a little afraid of these black armors because the black-armored Army of the royal family also wore similar armors.
 Although this Army didn't seem to have anything to do with the royal family, it was said that it was the armor of the heaven battling Army.
 Black armor stood still and just looked at her.
 After an unknown period of time, Yuqi was about to run away when a hoarse voice suddenly came to her ear. "What's your name?"
 Yuqi was on alert.
 "You're 16 years old this year, and you have a younger brother who's 15 years old. He's one year younger than you, right?"
 Yuqi's expression changed slightly, and she turned to run.
 Only a few kids in the slums knew about her brother. Did something happen to her brother?
 "Xiaoqi, don't you recognize me?"
 The next moment, the mask disappeared, revealing yunyao's face.
 Yuqi turned her head and her expression changed. She was a little confused and uncertain, but she didn't say anything and just watched carefully.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "It's me!"
 Yuqi still didn't say anything.
 She recognized this face ... Although it had changed a little, it was still the same as before.
 But ... She was dead!
 He saw it with his own eyes!
 Liar ... He must be a liar.
 It was said that some superpowers could change their appearance, so they must be liars. She was extremely alert as she looked at the hall in the distance."What do you want to do? This is the Heavenly Star military governor's office, and Governor li is inside!"
 "AI!"
 He sighed with some regret and regret."You and Yuming, didn't you ... Didn't you die?"
 Yuqi's face changed again."What Yuming?"
 "I'm your aunt, have you forgotten?"
 Thinking of something, yunyao hesitated for a moment, but still said,""There's a scar on your waist. When you were young, I accidentally scalded you while taking care of you ..."
 Yuqi was suspicious, uncertain, and in disbelief.
 He looked at yunyao for a long time and shook his head."No... Didn't you ... Aunt died ..."
 After saying that, he quickly ran towards the hall.
 Yunyao was slightly stunned. She hesitated for a moment and chose to stop. However, she was also puzzled and couldn't believe that they were still alive.
 ……
 In the hall.
 Li Hao was chatting with Deputy Director Zhou and the others when a person suddenly rushed in. Li Hao frowned slightly, but he quickly relaxed.
 Could he not wait?
 However, the Yun family's matter would not be easy to deal with in a short time.
  The little girl was so impatient.
 Of course, he had to be in a hurry to take revenge. Sometimes, he also wanted to rush to the red moon's headquarters and kill Ying Hongyue. However, his strength didn't allow him to do so, so he had to wait.
 "My Lord, you have bad people under you!"
 Li Hao was stunned by Yuqi's words. Bad guy?
 Who was it?
 The next moment, yunyao appeared at the door without saying a word.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was slightly stunned. He looked at Yuqi, then at yunyao, and was stunned.
 Yunyao ...
 It can't be, right?
 Yun Haoran ... Yun Yao ... Were they really related?

 In the hall, Li Hao frowned slightly.
 A moment later, Liu Long also walked in.
 He took a look at yunyao, who seemed to be very quiet and didn't speak. She just looked at Yuqi as if she was thinking about something.
 Yuqi, on the other hand, looked a little nervous.
 She glanced at Yun Yao and then at Li Hao, not knowing whether to say it or not.
 She was worried that this person was an illusion created by superpowers, but she was also worried that if she told him, more secrets would be revealed.
 Just as she was hesitating, Yun Yao spoke,""She should be my niece, my second brother's daughter."
 Yunyao's eyes were a little complicated."I'm not sure if it's true or not ..." She said."If it is ... Then things are very complicated."
 Li Hao frowned. Yunyao seemed to be a little excited, but also not so excited.
 Why?
  "You're Yun Haoran's youngest daughter?"
 "Yes."
 Yunyao was as calm as ever. She looked at director Zhou and said slowly,""I am. Five years ago, I escaped from this place and went to the Silver City because I heard that the Silver City had a secret. A secret that could overturn the world."
 She didn't go there by accident, but she went to the Silver City to find out the secret.
 But ... It was a pity that she didn't find anything.
 "Director Zhou, martial uncle Nanquan, please leave for a moment. I want to talk to them alone!"
 Originally, Li Hao had been talking to a few people. Now that he suddenly asked them to leave, Nan Quan was a little curious and wanted to gossip. However, seeing Li Hao looking at him, he could only leave speechlessly.
 Is there any secret that I can't know?
 They were just Yun Haoran's daughter and granddaughter.
 What's the big deal!
 Indeed, he didn't care too much about it. He knew Yun Haoran, so what?
 He's dead!
 Presumably, not many people cared about the Yun family now. Even if they knew that they were alive, there was nothing to care about other than the Yun family's remains that were still coveted.
 Director Zhou also left slowly. He looked at yunyao and didn't say anything.
 ……
 After everyone left, only Li Hao, Liu Long, yunyao, and Yuqi were left in the hall.
 "Governor li, she ... Isn't she a superhuman?" Yuqi was a little nervous.
 "No."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yuqi was a little excited. She wanted to say something, but when she saw yunyao's calm face, she became nervous again."My aunt doesn't seem so excited. She was a little excited before."
 Yunyao looked at her and said after a moment,""Little Qi, you can leave first!"
 "You ..."  "I have something to discuss with the Guild leader."
 Although Yuqi had countless doubts in her heart, not knowing why her aunt had come back to life and why she wanted her to leave at this moment ... In the end, she left uneasily. She kept looking at Yun Yao as if she was trying to figure out if this was the daughter of the Yun family.
 ……
 Then, Yuqi left.
 Only then did Yun Yao sigh. She glanced at Li Hao and then at Liu Long."Five years ago, when I went to the Silver City, I told the captain that I came from the sky Star City, and many people wanted to kill me ... Thank you, Captain, for taking me in all this time and not abandoning me just because I was being hunted down."
 "I've heard of Dean Yun's name before, but I've never said much about it. It seems that Dean Yun's matter is not over yet, is it?"Liu Long said in a deep voice.
 "Yes."
 Yunyao nodded slightly."Of course it's not over. I took away the key to the ruins my father controlled. This is only one of the reasons."
 "All parties are very concerned about the ruins."
 She looked at Li Hao and said slowly,"the relic my father controls is extraordinary. During the ancient civilization, there were many experts and countless ultimate experts. The owner of this relic controlled by the Yun family wasn't a top expert in the past. Perhaps he didn't leave much of a reputation in the history of the ancient civilization." However, the Yun family knows that this person is definitely extraordinary ..."
 "This relic has an owner?" Li Hao asked, puzzled.
 "Right!"
 She nodded."It's not that the owner is inside. It's just that the name of the remains is Lu Zhen Research Institute."
 Lu Zhen?
 Li Hao was stunned. After a while, he shook his head.
 He had never seen this name in various documents, so he had no idea who this person was.
 Lu?
 There was a record in an ancient book that when the human King first entered the martial arts university, there seemed to be ... Seemed to be a teacher with the surname Lu, but ... But it seemed to be a woman, because it was mentioned that her husband seemed to be a person as well.
 Lu Zhen. This name didn't sound like a woman 's.
 Yun Yao looked at Li Hao."Maybe you don't know him, but you don't know that he was the one who created the tottering bomb. He's an expert in the research field that was rarely seen during the ancient civilization."
  The city-destroying bomb's maker?
 Li Hao's heart moved. Yun Yao said,""Not only that, during the ancient civilization period, this person led many research and development projects. This person was also an expert in the study of the spiritual field in the early stage of neo martial. He was one of the first grandmasters to promote the study of spiritual power during the neo martial era ..."
 Li Hao was surprised. Really?
 Such a person should be very famous. Perhaps some people would know.
 Lu Zhen ... This was also one of the rare people from the ancient civilization whose names he could directly know.
 Little tree had previously said that some ancient powerhouses were dangerous, and their names could not be mentioned.
 Lu Zhen ... Just because he could be mentioned, did that mean that he wasn't too powerful?
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 Yun Yao continued,"I'm telling you this because I want to tell you that the level of this relic might not be high, but some of the key technologies are extremely important. There are too many things involved. Also...This might be what many people want to get!"
 Li Hao looked at her. He still didn't understand the key point.

 There are so many remains, why do they have to target your home?
 Even if it was just a Research Institute, to be honest, there were many technologies in the ancient city. Why would they keep an eye on the Yun family?
 Yun Yao was clearly telling Li Hao that the ruins controlled by the Yun family were extremely important, and that they couldn't leak any information.
 Seeing that Li Hao still didn't understand, yunyao sighed and said softly,""Let's put it this way. The Lu Zhen Research Institute has another very famous research project. Perhaps there are some records in the history books ... Mental energy longevity!"
 "My Yun family once specially collected some information about him. He was once one of the grandmasters in the early stage of neo martial arts. His daughter ... Seems to be the mentor of the human King! "His son-in-law was the principal of the top martial science University in the past. He was the principal of the ancient king."
 "As for himself, he once spent a few years with a venerable sovereign in a secret place. He was proficient in the martial Dao before the new martial arts and also the new martial arts."
 Li Hao opened his mouth. There was such a relationship?
 Yun Yao continued,"spiritual power can last forever ... In the conventional sense, it means that it can not be destroyed!" Yuqi might have told you about the Yun family's destruction, but she didn't tell you everything. My father's reform was one thing, but the key is that some news was leaked. Some of Lu Zhen's research Institute's research was leaked. "
 Li Hao frowned."The Yun family has been secretly researching this. How could they have leaked it?"
 The Yun family owned the ruins, so how could it be leaked?
  Yunyao was silent for a while, then slowly said,""It was nothing at first, but then ... Then my father went into deep research on this matter and even let my family be the test subjects. In the end ... Something happened!"
 Li Hao's heart moved, and he thought, your father let the Yun family be his test subjects? He wants to be immortal?"
 "No!"
 Yunyao shook her head."It's not what you think. My father is doing it to study longevity ... My father ... My father wants to resurrect Lu Zhen!"
 She took a deep breath and said,"or rather, I don't know if it's Lu Zhen. Perhaps ... Perhaps it's an ancient scholar from the ruins!" My father noticed that there were still some remnants of spiritual power in the ruins. In addition, there were many technical terms, technical terms, and techniques in the ruins. He either stopped the follow-up. During that period of time, my father had always wanted to resurrect the ancient man who had some remnants of spiritual power. "
 "Therefore, during that period, the Haoran Research Institute also started to study this matter. My father was still too naive. He only wanted to restore some of the techniques ... But he forgot that there might be more than one ancient powerhouse who had residual spiritual power."
 "Father wants to resurrect someone. In the eyes of others, that's a struggle for hegemony, and that's because he's unwilling to be ordinary. The key is, if we seize these technologies, can we resurrect the ancient people and make them our own?"
 Li Hao shook his head.
 At this moment, he was completely awake and his eyes were filled with shock.""You mean, your father's death was because he wanted to resurrect a powerful being, and ... The news was leaked! The nine divisions and the royal family found out about this, and they also want to resurrect the strong ... So they destroyed your family and wanted to seize the technology?"
 "Right!"
 Li Hao frowned."But it's only research. There are no results. Isn't Jiusi too anxious?"
 "There's some results. "
 Yun Yao looked at Li Hao and said calmly,""If there were no results, why would the nine divisions and the imperial family be so anxious? It's because I've seen the results that I'm in such a hurry. "
  "What do you mean?"  Li Hao's heart moved.
 Yunyao hesitated for a moment and didn't say anything.
 Li Hao didn't say anything.
 After a long time, yunyao nodded."Yes ... Or rather, barely!"
 "What do you mean?"
 "My father ... Once drew out some spiritual power from the remains and placed it in my family ... Later, there seemed to be some changes. There was a time when that person spoke words that no one else could understand ... Perhaps it was accidentally spread by the people of the Yun family. Plus, the Research Institute is not completely airtight, so ... The Jiusi and the imperial family knew that the Yun family had made some progress! That's why ... The Yun family was destroyed!"
 Li Hao frowned and looked at Yun Yao.
 "You mean Yuqi?"
 "It's not her!"
 Yunyao shook her head.
 Li Hao frowned."Your father used his family for research ... This doesn't fit the image I had of him. He's a bit possessed."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yunyao thought for a moment and sighed."This is something that everyone in the family acknowledges. That nephew of mine, he was originally ... Also a little silly. Father said that instead of being silly for the rest of his life, why not ... Why not try? maybe it will work. In this world, even fools can't live long."
  Li Hao frowned. Of course, this was her family's business, so he couldn't say much.
 However, at this moment, he finally understood why the Yun family had been completely destroyed.
 Yun Haoran actually wanted to revive an ancient powerhouse!
 Some of the ancient powerhouses were alive. Those monster plants were all alive.
 But ... That was a demon.
 Li Hao had never seen a living human before. None of the soldiers in heaven battling city were living. In fact, he could vaguely see that the three silver-level Regiment commanders seemed to have turned into soldier souls.
 This was a very cruel thing!
 They all had some lingering thoughts and spiritual energy. Did yunyao mean that they could use these to resurrect the ancient strong practitioners?
 He thought to himself and didn't speak for a while.
 Yunyao continued,"I thought that with my father's death, the Yun family's destruction, Yuqi's death, and the sealing of the remains, this technology would be completely destroyed. That was a good thing ... But now, Yuqi is still alive. Then ..."

 She sighed."I don't know if it's good or bad. I'm happy that they're still alive, but when I think about it ... I feel that perhaps it was a good thing that the Yun family all died back then. Otherwise, it would have involved a huge problem. I'm fine with it. I've died once anyway, so it doesn't matter if I die again. However, if the ancient powerful figures were really revived, it might be a major event that would destroy the world. In the past, when father was researching these, there were people in the family who opposed it, but they were eventually convinced by father. Now, they're making a comeback ..."
 She was a little dazed.
 Li Hao was also in a daze.
 Resurrection, long-lasting spiritual power, immortality ...
 The Yun family was actually researching this. If they didn't get destroyed, they would be letting them down.
 Yun Haoran was indeed a lunatic!
 Can you study anything?
 You're already attracting people's attention, and you still want to make some reforms. Who will die if you don 't?
 He finally understood why Yun Yao was so complicated.
 She originally thought that it might be a good thing that the Yun family was dead and that it was the end of their lives. However, when she saw her niece ...
  Li Hao's heart moved."You mean that your nephew, who was originally a little stupid, might still be alive?" he asked.
 Yunyao didn't speak.
 Yes, if Yuqi was alive, then there was a high chance that Yuming was still alive.
 Actually, she didn't have to say it, but she still did. She looked at Liu Long and Liu Long said in a deep voice,""Li Hao isn't that kind of person. If you believe us, then we'll tell you everything. We'll find a way!"
 Yunyao took a deep breath and nodded,"I trusted Captain, that's why I said it ... Otherwise ... These things would only rot in my heart!" My father's main research subject was my nephew, Yuming. On the day the Yun family was destroyed, I was actually already killed, but later on ... I came back to life!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was stunned.
 "There's nothing too mysterious," Yun Yao said calmly."It's just a drop of the spring of life and a special material my father extracted from the ruins. It put me in a state of suspended animation and resurrected me."
 "Then your father and the others ..."
 "They're dead. "
 Yunyao said softly,"I'm just a minor figure. My father was the main figure. In order to ensure my father's death, they even ... Cut off his head and shattered his internal organs!"
 "I didn't see Yuqi and Yuming that day," yunyao continued. "I thought they had been killed or taken away. But now Yuqi has suddenly appeared in stellarsky city ..."
 "I'm worried ..."She said with some doubt.
 "What are you worried about?"
 "I'm worried that ... They're bait!"
 "It's because Yuqi and Yuming can't open the ruins either," Yun Yao said."In the entire Yun family ... Only I can open it!"
 She was a little tired."I'm worried that they're trying to lure me out because my body has disappeared. They might know that I'm still alive and want to use them to lure me out so that they can open this ruin again!"  Liu Long's expression changed slightly,"then just now ... Why ... Why did you appear?"
 He was instantly worried.
 Yunyao sighed."There's no point in hiding. If we could be discovered, we might have been exposed a long time ago. This is especially true for our trip to stellarsky city." Maybe it's a good thing that I'm dead. It proves that no one in the Yun family can open the remains ..."
 She said some nonsense and laughed.
 Suddenly, she took out something from her bosom. It was a round, crystal-clear object that looked like a Pearl. She threw it to Li Hao."This is the key to opening the remains. It's actually a traction object filled with some spiritual power. Only with this can we open the Research Institute. I never knew who to give it to. Perhaps giving it to the Guild leader ...... Will have some effect. "
 Yunyao chuckled,"I'll be free if I hand it over!" I only hope that guild leader ...... Will not be like my father, obsessed with reviving others. That is actually meaningless!"
 "Sister Yun, for me?" Li Hao looked at her, frowning.
 "If someone has been watching Yuqi and the others, they might have already discovered me. It's no longer safe in my hands. Leader, you're powerful, so let's keep you!"
 Yunyao, on the other hand, was more open-minded. She was a little regretful, but she also smiled."Yuqi is still alive, and I can't just ignore her forever. We have to acknowledge each other. Rather than being sneaky, it's better to do it openly! I've given the item to the Guild leader, and I've also felt less burdened. "
 Liu Long wanted to say something, but he didn't in the end.
 Perhaps it would be a good choice to hand it over to Li Hao.
 "This is a hot potato!" Li Hao smiled bitterly.
 This thing might not be a treasure, but a bomb.
 Lu Zhen's research Institute was actually researching such things and immortality? Li Hao had originally thought that it was just some simple technical research, but it turned out that this Lu Zhen was researching everything!
 Wouldn't the nine divisions and the royal family be in chaos if they knew?
  Who could resist such a temptation?
 The Yun family shouldn't even be destroyed!
 Yun Yao smiled."Yes, it's a hot potato. That's why ... I handed it over to the powerful leader. Otherwise, the Yun family would have people to develop it themselves."
 She smiled.
 Li Hao also laughed in spite of himself.
 He had just returned and received yet another bombshell!
 He pondered for a moment. This Lu Zhen Research Institute didn't seem to be of much help to him, and he wasn't interested in resurrecting anyone ... No, those people in heaven battling city?
 However, could they still be resurrected?
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 Was the appearance of this technology a good or bad thing?

 It was hard to say for now.
 Lu Zhen ...
 Perhaps it was time for him to look up some information or ask someone, for example ... The little tree in the storage ring. Did it know Lu Zhen?
 Could it really resurrect people, or was it just a concept?
 "Boss, take sister Yun out for a walk and have a chat with Yuqi. I need to think about something!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Liu Long didn't say anything and glanced at yunyao. Yunyao seemed to have let go of some burden. She, who had been silent all this time, smiled a little more at this moment, "I'm going to see Yuqi. That girl still doesn't believe that I'm her aunt!"
 With that, he left with Liu Long.
 Li Hao's divine decree seeped into the storage ring. Inside the storage ring, a mini tree seemed to be sleeping. When it sensed Li Hao's divine decree, it instantly woke up."You want to exchange for the spring of life?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless. Is this the only thought you have?
  "No."
 "Oh."
 The small tree seemed to have lost its interest in an instant.
 "Senior tree, do you know a person named Lu Zhen in your memories?" Li Hao smiled and asked.
 "Who is it?"
 "Lu Zhen!"
 "Lu Zhen ..."
 Little tree seemed to be lost in thought. After a long time, he suddenly said,""I know him! This person ... This person's reputation was not great, but ... In the neo martial era, he was also one of the most important figures. He had promoted the development of neo martial and established the cultivation system in the early stage of neo martial. After that, he entered a secret place and spent three years with the great emperor. He had a close relationship with the great emperor ..."
 "The great emperor?"
 "The master of the Imperial Palace that I'm protecting!"
 Li Hao's heart moved. It was actually so deeply involved?
 "Can he resurrect people?"
 "Resurrection?"
 "He's an ancient. If he's dead, can he be resurrected?"
 "What is the meaning of the death you speak of? If it's a pure death ... No one can save it, unless it's a human King or Emperor. But if ... The physical body is destroyed but the mind power is still there, then it can be resurrected. "
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly.
 "Lu Zhen is an expert in this field?"
  "Well, you can say that. He dabbled in a wide range of fields. He was a well-known expert in Herbology, minology, spiritualism, and energy. Later on, he even studied with a top venerable sovereign who was extremely good at forging for a period of time. Later on, he was responsible for the research and development of armaments. It is said that at his peak, he once served as the head of the new martial arts 'military reserves Department, in charge of the research, development, and promotion of all armaments in the new martial era ..."  Li Hao took a deep breath. This was a big Shot!
 "Then, some of the armors of the heaven-battling Army might also be related to the other party?"
 "Yes, this is only the basic research. It must have a deep relationship with the military department. I'm not too sure about the details because my father was only a tree outside the gates of the Imperial Palace in the past. I've only heard people mention it."
 The Yun family had actually managed to get their hands on the other party's research Institute. It was unknown whether it was the headquarters, a private research Institute, or just a branch. However, no matter what, it represented the high-tech technology in various meanings, including martial arts.
 Just listen to his name. He's an expert in medicine, energy, and mental energy. He's even connected to the human King and ancient great emperor.
 Li Hao also scratched his head. The Yun family's situation was getting more and more complicated.
 Whoever took over would be the one to suffer!
 "Are you going to resurrect some ancient experts?"
 At this time, little tree hesitated for a moment, but he still sent out a mental message,""You'd better not! Before neo martial, there had actually been a major extinction. At that time, there were also powerhouses who had a long spirit and many were resurrected in the later stages, but ... Most of them had changed their personalities and many of them were later killed by the human King. You have to know that when a person dies, their spirit will last forever. If their spirit isn't strong, it's actually the same as being locked up in a small black room for countless years, and they'll go crazy long ago ... Unless heaven battling city is still conscious and the entire city is still operating, there's no hope of maintaining their original will, otherwise ... They're just asking for trouble!"
 It added,"in the past, the human King once said that relying on oneself is better than relying on others." No matter what the ancient martial arts were like, no matter if it was a myth or a legend, it had to be broken! "Neo martial artists only accept neo martial artists. Unless you abandon everything and join neo martial arts, otherwise ... It's heresy!"
 Li Hao was speechless. How bold!
 Do you know that you're putting yourself in this conversation?
 You're not a demon of this era!
 "Yes, I know what to do. Sorry to trouble you, senior!"
 With that, Li Hao withdrew from the Divine Will. The little tree stopped moving and fell into a deep sleep. Lu Zhen ... Resurrected ... Did Li Hao have such thoughts?
 There should not be any top-notch experts left in this land. If there were, it would be a rebellion.
  When the human Emperor went to war, all the top powerhouses would definitely follow him. Those who didn't ... Unless they were on a particularly important mission, they might be deserters.
 As for people like director Wang, they weren't the top.
 As for existences like general Huai, their mission was to maintain the operations of a large city with a population of tens of millions. They had important guarding tasks and were not left behind on purpose.
 Little tree thought to himself and quickly fell into silence.
 ……
 "It's too complicated and troublesome!"
 Li Hao felt a headache coming on, but he soon smiled. He decided to put this aside for the time being. Everything still depended on his own strength.
 Now, he had too many troubles. In fact, this one was not a big deal.
 The top priority was not these things.
 "Director Zhou, please come in!" He said.

 Director Zhou was like a ghost as he walked in without making any sound.
 "Do you have any orders?"
 Li Hao chuckled."Director Zhou, please help me deal with a few things. First, set up the star Martial Arts Academy. Second, set up a communication system. It belongs to me, not the Silver Moon system." Thirdly, I want director Zhou to help me deal with the issues that you mentioned earlier. I want to know the relationship between the East, North, SuperPower City, and the nine divisions ..."
 Director Zhou just looked at Li Hao. Who do you think I am?
 Li Hao laughed and threw out a storage ring."This is 200 drops of the spring of life. Director Zhou, the capable should do more work. I really don't have enough energy to deal with these things, so I'll have to trouble you!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Zhou took a look at the storage ring and then nodded, "I'll handle it!"
 At this moment, he didn't reject it anymore.
 It's good that you gave it!
 This guy had been stingy and refused to give it to him. He had thought that Li Hao was going to go back on his word, but since he had given it to him ... It was only right for him to do something. 200 drops was a huge loss.
 Li Hao also laughed.
  "I can help you deal with these things, but there's one thing that you have to solve yourself."
 "What?"
 "Night patrolman!"
 He said in a deep voice,"if you want to take in the night patrolmen, you have to get past Yao si!" It couldn't be simply suppressed by force. Yao Si was able to gather the night patrollers at that time. There were also people who were stronger than him and could suppress him. Why was it that in the past five years, no matter what Huang Long did, the night patrollers were still in Yao SI's hands? It is not good for me to participate in this matter to avoid Yao SI's misunderstanding. "
 Yao si?
 Li Hao thought for a moment."Director Zhou, do you think ... There's a need to take in the night patrols?"
 "Of course!"
 Director Zhou quickly said,"night watchers, 99 large branches, plus the headquarters, there are no less than 100000 supers!" Even if not all of them listened to Yao si, a third of them were willing to listen to him. This was also an extremely powerful force. In other words, other than the officials and nobles, it was the strongest force among the commoners! "As for the three major organizations, most of them are evil. Most of the night patrollers are still just and lawful, so they joined the night patrollers."
 He added,"have you forgotten the origin of the night patrollers?" They are all from the middle and lower class. They paid a huge price to send people in, and only the representatives of the middle class are sent in. Why would the true aristocrats send night watchers?"
 Taking down the night patrolman had huge implications.
 Among the night watchers, many of them were from the lower-class families in the small cities.
 "There are also many night patrols who are sent in by the inspection Bureau. As you know, the inspection Bureau is made up of old and well-trained inspectors. These people have unique means to maintain order and investigate cases. Furthermore, they also have a basic sense of protecting, ensuring the safety of one side, which is also what the Inspector General has always promoted ..."
 To put it simply, night patrollers were very important. They represented the extraordinary power of the middle and lower classes, and most of them were order-keeping.
  Taking down this was equivalent to taking down the power of the commoners at this stage.  Li Hao thought for a moment and nodded."That's true. I'll have a good talk with Minister Yao. Of course, not now!" Don't worry about this for now, director Zhou just needs to help me deal with the things I just said. "
 Li Hao was going to go into seclusion for a while, mainly to show off the superpower lock in his body.
 Previously, he didn't have much time to cultivate. It just so happened that he could keep a low profile for a few days, so that everyone wouldn't think that he only knew how to stir up trouble. He wasn't that kind of person.
 "Alright!"
 Director Zhou didn't say anything else. At this moment, Li Hao looked outside and smiled."Inspector yang is here, come in!"
 Yang Shan quickly entered the house. When he saw Li Hao, he bowed slightly. "I've let you down, commander!"
 When he had left, the battle had broken out not long after. By the time he returned, Li Hao had left as well. The King of the North Sea had not had the time to hand over the things he had brought back from Silver Moon to Li Hao, much less the tasks that Li Hao had given him.
 He didn't participate in the war, he didn't bring anything back, and he didn't get the White shark's head back ...
 Yang Shan was very nervous!
 It was her first time doing something proper, and he had done it so badly.
 "It's fine, I didn't expect patrol yang to come back so soon. "
 Li Hao laughed, and yang Shan quickly presented a storage ring.""Governor, everything we brought back from Silver Moon is inside!"
  Li Hao grabbed it and checked. 120 drops of spring of life.
 Out of his 500 drops, he gave director Zhou 200 drops. Now, it had reached 420 drops. There were still a few dozen drops left from before, which was close to 500 drops.
 "Well done!"
 "I don't dare!"
 Yang Shan heaved a sigh of relief, but he was still uneasy.
 He was already considered a top-tier expert during the metamorphosis stage, but Li Hao killed many God-tier powerhouses in one battle. He became anxious again and felt that he didn't keep up with the pace of the battle. Whether he could become a God-tier powerhouse next was really uncertain!
 His wife had caught up with him, which was a good thing. Qin Lian had also been preparing for her transformation recently. However, she was still lacking something and did not dare to advance rashly.
 "No need to think too much!"
 Li Hao laughed."Tell patrol inspector Qin to prepare. When I come out of seclusion, I might have a chance to enter the transformation stage. I might be able to raise a batch of superpowers in the near future. You know that I don't have many superpowers around me. They are all martial masters. Although martial masters are good, they are sometimes lacking."
 Both superpowers and martial masters had their own advantages.

 ,m Li Hao had many top-notch martial masters by his side.  However, top-tier superpowers ... Excluding Hong Yitang and himself, yang Shan and his wife were the strongest.
 There were not many superpowers left.
 Hao lianchuan, Wang Ming, Li Meng, Hu Hao, and yunyao were all old acquaintances. Li Hao thought back and laughed. He was considered a powerhouse himself, but not many superpowers came to him!
 Everyone thought that he was still a Silver Moon Martial Master, and silver Moon martial masters were very resistant to superpowers. As a result, the superpowers were very reluctant to approach Li Hao. Even if they sought refuge with a local Overlord, very few people would approach Li Hao.
 Of course, it was also related to his current situation.
 Yang Shan and his wife had bought the bones of a horse with a thousand gold!
 Not all superpowers were bad people.
 Li Hao thought of a person, a very weak superhuman. On his way back, he met Lu Chuan, who was sending people across the river. Who said that only martial masters were chivalrous?
  Wasn't this person a hero?
 Even though he did not say anything, did nothing, or help at the time, Lu Chuan's appearance changed his impression of superpowers.
 Perhaps it had something to do with him becoming a super. At this moment, Li Hao wanted to recruit a group of supers.
 Most importantly, it would be best if he had some special abilities.
 Assault-type, it's actually nothing much.
 Someone with a special element like Li Meng might be able to step into the divine power realm steadily.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Below, yang Shan's eyes flashed with joy. He said hurriedly,""Many thanks, Governor!"
 "It's a small matter, you can go!"
 Yang Shan was embarrassed and quickly left. Busy?
 What are you busy with!  Up until now, Li Hao's system hadn't been perfected yet. No one knew what they should do, and neither did he know what he should be busy with.
 Li Hao seemed to have sensed his confusion, but he didn't say anything.
 After he left, he looked at director Zhou and said,""I have a lot of titles now, but none of them are practical. Just like what the director said, I'm not the only one without a goal, everyone else doesn't either. We just have to get by ... We don't have any clear responsibilities or missions. When I come out of seclusion, if I can take down the night patrolmen ... I will officially start to give everyone clear responsibilities and tasks. Will it be better this way?"
 "Of course!"
 Director Zhou laughed,"for you to have such an understanding is a sign of growth!" Then I'll wait for you to come out ... I'll first lay down the foundation, and you'll have to do the key things yourself!"
 Then, after some consideration, he said,"you have to think about it yourself. What name should you use? the governor of heavenstar is actually not bad ... But it has too much to do with the imperial family. I suggest ... That the heavenstar governor's manor be the main force. Although the position is small, the scope of power is large. It has little to do with the imperial family and the nine divisions."
 Li Hao nodded.
 "I'll think about it carefully!"He smiled.
 Director Zhou didn't say anything more and left quietly. His eyes were filled with anticipation. Li Hao might have many shortcomings, but he improved quickly and was willing to listen to suggestions. This was the greatest success.
  What Li Hao was considering was, if the star military governor's office officially put up a sign ... Should he kill some people to celebrate?
 Who should I kill?
 Who should he kill as a sacrifice to the flag? it wouldn't cause any huge trouble.
 He touched his chin and laughed. First, he had to show the light and darkness chains. If he could break them directly ... Would he be considered a four god art expert?
 At that time, other than those ancient experts, would he still need to be so afraid?
 "Heibao, let's go!"
 Li Hao shouted and brought the Black Panther with him. No matter where he went, he wasn't afraid of being sensed. If his energy leaked out, the Black Panther would be a super glutton and eat anything. It wouldn't cause any disturbance at all.
 At this moment, he was treating Heibao as the best signal jammer.
 As for the Black Panther, it also followed him obediently, not feeling that there was anything bad about it. It was so blissful to have something to eat again!

