fileno%d
overnor li, speak frankly!"
 "You guys ..."
 "You, Qi Pingjiang, and the others, are they martial masters or supers?" Li Hao asked after some thought.
 Yes, doubt!
 Could a Martial Master have six elements?
 Where's the superpower?
 Li Hao could tell that the supers were all shining with golden light. However, these people did not give Li Hao that feeling. They were dazzling, but not because of their superpowers.
 Hearing this, Chen Zhongtian laughed and looked at Li Hao. After a long while, he said,""We started off as martial masters and then became supers. However, we're not considered pure supers."
 Li Hao was stunned. Not a pure superpower?
 What did that mean?
  Seeing Li Hao's curiosity, Chen Zhongtian pondered for a moment before deciding to tell him directly. In any case ... There was someone in Silver Moon who might know about this, so there was no need to hide it.
 "The difference between a super and a Martial Master is that one has broken the Super Lock, one doesn't have it, one has released his potential, and one doesn't have it. Is there a way to allow a Martial Master to unleash their potential without breaking the superpower lock? is there a way to maintain their status as a Martial Master while making themselves stronger?"
 He maintained his status as a Martial Master for the sake of Silver moon's legacy and treasures.
 However, he couldn't keep on becoming a Martial Master. His combat strength would be left behind.
 This was also the problem for many martial masters, until Li Hao chose divine magic.
 From what they were saying ... They had a way too?
 Then why not promote it?
 Li Hao frowned.
 "What is it?"
 "This method ..." Chen Zhongtian laughed,"most people would not be able to use it. Silver Moon ... Your director Zhao might be using this method."
 "Secretary Chen, speak frankly!"
 Why did he beat around the bush to whet her appetite?
 "It's really hard ... To raise an army to carry it!"
 Li Hao was stunned."What do you mean?"
 "Ordinary weapons won't work. You'll need a powerful divine weapon. You'll need a heaven-grade divine weapon!"
 "That is to say, through the divine weapon, the Super Lock can be nurtured and integrated into the divine weapon. Through the divine weapon, the combat power of the Super Lock can be released, but the Super Lock will not be destroyed. It's just that ... The requirements are very high. One weapon for each branch!"
  Sighing, he said,"so, this method can't be used by ordinary people. What's the concept of a line and a troop?" If you want to reach the God art level, you need at least six heaven-grade weapons. Three elements means seven, five elements means nine ..."  He shook his head and sighed."It's very difficult. That's why this method can't be popularized. Only the leaders of some top forces who explored some ruins in the early days can do this. It's not a very secretive method. In fact, many people know about it. For example, Ying Hongyue should also have used this method to improve her strength ..."
 "Tell me, what's the use of this method if it's spread? Creating a divine ability and six heaven-grade divine weapons ... How was that possible? You see, there are many earth-grade weapons and below in the world, but how many heaven-grade weapons are there?"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 It could actually be like this!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Of course, this method was too deceptive and the consumption was too great.
 "Are there any advantages or disadvantages to this method?" he frowned.
 "The advantage is that I can keep my identity as a Martial Master. A Martial Master still has a lot of potential. As for superpowers ... They're actually fine, but the biggest problem with superpowers is that they have external power."
 "As for the disadvantages, of course, there are. First, the consumption is too great. Who can bear such a consumption? Every increase in level would result in a heaven-grade divine weapon. Second, we can't use our full power. For example, the power chain breaker can release the full power of our lineage. We're slightly weaker ... But the difference isn't too big. "
 "Third, divine weapons are hard to come by, especially when it comes to compatibility. In fact, compatibility is also needed, and it's best if it's matched with attributes. For example, if I use a fire-type divine weapon for the heart, I'll have to match it one by one to unleash more power!"
 Li Hao nodded.
 It was already very difficult to get a few.
 It would be even more difficult if they had to be of different attributes.
 To perfectly fit himself, the difficulty was even more explosive.
 This method ... To be honest, it was very deceptive. It was better to directly advance to the superpower realm. However, in order to retain his status as a Martial Master, he chose to do so. He could be willful when he had money. What right did the poor have to waste it?
 Not even Li Hao!
  Li Hao didn't even have a heaven-grade divine weapon.
 At this thought, Li Hao frowned."Then why didn't I get a divine weapon when I killed Hu Xiao and Qian Wanhao?" he asked.
 Chen Zhongtian laughed."That's why, if we want to be the leader of a top force, these two ... Are slightly lacking. They could do it in the early years, but once they step into the divine power realm, they would need six. Three elements would be seven, four elements would be eight ... Do you think they can produce that?"
 ,m "The nine divisions probably can't even do half of it."  Less than half, which meant three or four. Needless to say, this person was already like this, so there was at most one more, because the other two spots would definitely belong to Qi Pingjiang and Secretary Zhao. The Secretary from the division of administrative department also had the surname Zhao. Li Hao's heart moved slightly. Could it be related to director Zhao?
 "Nurturing the weapon and protecting the pulse ... If the Super Lock is nurtured in the divine weapon and exploded, wouldn't the Super Lock break completely?"
 "Right!"
 Chen Zhongtian nodded,"but it also consumes a lot of energy. Divine weapons usually consume a lot of energy. Every time it is used, it will consume a lot of divine power stones. This is also one of the disadvantages."
 "The divine weapon can lock the superpower lock ..."
 Li Hao thought of divine text. Wasn't this divine text in disguise?

 It was just that it wasn't that troublesome for him, and he didn't need a divine weapon.
 At this moment, Li Hao pondered for a long time before he apologized,""I'm sorry, I thought of something and neglected the old Secretary. "
 "The old Secretary's visit to me this time ... I wonder ..."
 "It's like this. The Fengyun Pavilion has caused chaos in the world. I can see that Governor li is determined to get rid of them. Although he is old, he is willing to do something for Governor li. The patrol office has always wanted to ensure the safety of the people. They are at odds with the dark powers!"
 “……”
 You're talking nonsense!
 As if he knew what Li Hao was thinking, Chen Zhongtian laughed,"" 80 years ago, this was the purpose of the inspection Division. I even personally drafted the oath."
 Li Hao smiled but didn't comment.
 "Forget it, there's no need for Secretary to worry ..."
 Chen Zhongtian coughed,"you're welcome. I'm also sincere. Also ... My family is a little short on food. I'm really ... Embarrassed to ask, but I have to!" I'm thinking ... If Governor li is willing to provide me with 500 drops of the spring of life at a low price ..."
  "Take care, old Secretary!"
 “……”
 Chen Zhongtian coughed." 400 is fine. There are too many children at home. As a father, although I'm old, I still have to take care of my children ... 400 is actually less than 10 drops for each of my children. It's not enough to level up to a god art ..."
 Less than 10 drops?
 Wouldn't that mean he was above 40?
 But I remember Chen Yao said that it's only around 30 places. How did it rise again?
 How many children do you have?
 He finally understood and was a little surprised. Was she ... Really here to make a fortune?
 It was ... Unbelievable!
 The dignified Secretary of the inspection Division, or even the Secretary of the founding division, actually came to him and said that he was working for him to earn money to raise a child.
 How strange!
 Li Hao still shook his head. Even if the other party paid for it at a low price, 400 drops were still too much. 50 drops for two elements, 100 drops for three elements, 150 drops for four elements ... 400 drops might even create a five-element divine ability.
 Why did he have to find trouble for himself?
 Li Hao would deal with Fengyun Pavilion himself.
 Just as he was thinking, Chen Zhongtian continued,"I ... Do have some strength, and I'm extremely good at defense and speed ..."
 Defense, speed ...
 Li Hao's heart moved, and he suddenly said,"too many!" Plus, I don't think I need it ... But ... But if you're willing to go all out for me once, even if you die ... That's not impossible!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Attack with full force? Of course!"
 "Governor li, do you think that I will still hide my strength?" Chen Zhongtian said seriously.
 "The full power of the peak of six elements?"
 Chen Zhongtian's expression didn't change."Then Governor Li, you have overestimated me. I only have five elements. In fact, it is already very impressive."
 "The peak of six elements!"  Li Hao said indifferently,"I can give you 500 drops for 10000 drops!" If it's five elements ... 20000 a drop, I'll provide 200 drops. Otherwise, we'll just forget it. "
 The first way was to buy 500 drops with 5 million and earn 20 million.
 The second way was to buy 200 drops for 4 million and earn 6 million.
 There was a difference of 14 million!
 He calculated according to the price of 50000 Yuan per drop and was also speechless. Damn, was the difference that big?
 Just as Chen Zhongtian was still thinking, Li Hao said,""Furthermore, you have to follow my orders and hit whoever I tell you to hit ... Otherwise, you can't run away or act recklessly! Even if you say you have five elements, I'll still arrange an opponent stronger than you. In the end, you'll still have to pay with the combat Power of Six elements, but you'll only get the price of five elements ..."
 Chen Zhongtian cursed in his heart. It was really hard to make money these days.
 However, Li Hao's offer was tempting enough. He still tried to sound him out.""Then ... 5000 a drop ..." He said.
 "Sure!" Li Hao smiled.
 Chen Zhongtian was stunned, this works too?
 Li Hao laughed."I need you to stall an opponent for three minutes. That's 10000 a drop. Four minutes, 8000 a drop. Five minutes, 5000 a drop ... Five minutes. That's enough to end a battle." Under three minutes ... I'll take it as 10000 Yuan per drop, but you have to last at least one minute ..."
 ? Chen Zhongtian was slightly stunned and laughed.
 You know that I have the power of Six elements. In this era, which expert can surpass me by so much?
 I'm just holding the opponent back, but you actually look down on me?
 To put it bluntly, in this era, the number of people who were stronger than him could be counted with a pair of hands.
 However, even if he was stronger than him, there was a limit. At most, he would just suppress himself a little. He wouldn't lose the ability to resist.
 Li Hao's words were really interesting.
 He laughed and said,"then if the enemy is killed within a minute ..."
 "Then we'll do it according to the highest level!"
 Li Hao also laughed."Then 5000 for one drop. 500 drops!" He said.
 Chen Zhongtian laughed and was about to say something when he suddenly stopped,""You ... Who do you want to deal with?"
  Li Hao wasn't weak, and he knew that he wasn't weak. To be honest, he felt ... Uneasy when he suddenly made this request.
 "I can't disclose that," Li Hao said with a smile.
 Chen Zhongtian frowned and looked at him,""Fengyun Pavilion?"
 "It's not convenient to disclose!"
 “……”
 Your Grandpa!
 Chen Zhongtian furrowed his brows and looked at Li Hao several times. I came here to earn a living, not to die.
 You're not asking me to deal with a top-tier expert, are you?
 For example, the existence in the ruins?
 But ... Li Hao should know how big the gap was. This was impossible. He had no chance at all. Was he going to die?

 "You're going to fight with me?"
 "Of course!"
 "You ... Don't know how to run? Are you trying to kill me?"
 “……”
 Li Hao sighed."I, Li Hao, would never do this to my comrades. If I did, who would believe me now?" Don't worry about that, old Secretary!"
 "Forget it," Li Hao said after some thought."I'm afraid that too many things will be exposed ..."
 "Don 't!"
 Chen Zhongtian smiled,"then ... Then I can agree to it ... But I want to advance 100 drops of the spring of life .."
 Li Hao looked at him, and Chen Zhongtian also laughed,""Although I don't know who you're going to deal with, since it's such a serious matter ... It's definitely not an ordinary person. Could it be Ying Hongyue? That's right, he's your enemy, so he's definitely not weak. He's worthy of your attention!"
 At this moment, he was thinking of Ying Hongyue.
  He was a very terrifying fellow.
 That guy wasn't weak at all, and was indeed dangerous. However, Chen Zhongtian felt that he could hold him off for a few minutes. No matter how strong he was, he couldn't use his seven-elemental combat power.
 If he could really exchange 5000 Yuan for 500 drops, 2.5 million Yuan would be enough. But to find a monster plant, it would cost 25 million Yuan!
 The difference was huge!
 Compared to the previous price, it had also saved more than two million Yuan ... Wasn't two million Yuan money?
 "Advance?"
 Li Hao frowned slightly. A moment later, he said,""It's not impossible! But I'll only give it to you before we set off and take action!"
 To deal with the giant tree, the more experts the better.
 It was that many secrets might be exposed!
 But even so ... So what?
 It was better than having more people die.
 If Chen Zhongtian only had five elements, Li Hao wouldn't care. However, on the Billboard, he had the power of a six-element peak. This was terrifying. Li Hao suspected that he might not be able to defeat him.
 With the help of such a top-notch expert, they could reduce a lot of losses and could even save lives.
 As for this fellow's escape at the last minute ... Since they had already reached the place and were about to kill someone, would the monster plant let him off?
 Once you enter, there's no turning back!
 Chen Zhongtian suddenly felt that ... Li Hao's agreement was too straightforward. He felt uneasy. He suddenly felt that it wasn't a good choice for his son to ask him to work.
 He even wanted to reject it!
 He felt a vague sense of uneasiness.
 However, the huge bait also tempted him. As a reliable person, he wanted to reject but couldn't resist the temptation. The inspection Office was really too poor recently. He didn't even have enough resources for his son to advance to four divine arts.
 After weighing the pros and cons and considering it again and again, he nodded."Then I'll agree!"
 "Roughly when will we make our move?" he asked.
  Li Hao was also thinking. Previously, he had wanted to deal with the Windcloud Pavilion first ... But the Windcloud Pavilion might not appear immediately. With Chen Zhongtian's help and the fact that they had all the manpower now ... Should they take down the coconut tree first?  After all, the sapling also needed to devour the other party's clone, and the stronger and faster it was, the better.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao calculated that Kong Jie and the others would be here soon. One day was enough time for them to gather the divine transformation realm text.
 The day after tomorrow would be the day Fengyun Pavilion had set.
 "Tomorrow night!"
 "What?"
 Chen Zhongtian was stunned again,'to deal with Hong Yue or Fengyun Pavilion? So fast?"
 He's taking action tomorrow night?
 Li Hao smiled."Tomorrow night. I won't tell you who it is in case the news gets out!" Don't worry Secretary Chen, this time, it's not just you and me, the people I called over will also do it. It's absolutely safe, don't worry!"
 "In addition," he said,"Secretary Chen, it's best ... To bring your trump card divine weapon, the divine weapon that suppressed the old Heavenly King, just in case!"
 “……”
 Chen Zhongtian's scalp suddenly went numb!
 "Don't do anything outrageous ... I don't want to lose my life just to earn some money. Who ... Do you want to deal with?"
 He shuddered in fear!
 It can't be ... It can't be that he's going to enter the ruins to deal with the ancient experts, right?
 The 100-year-old man felt his scalp go numb."Do you want to enter the ruins?"
 Li Hao smiled."Probably ... I do!"
 At this moment, Chen Zhongtian's scalp went numb!
 In an instant, his voice trembled.""The ancient civilization powerhouses are unparalleled. Once they recover, they'll at least be a peak! "This is the modern era, so it's better. In the past, even 100 six-element cultivators might not be able to fight against a Paragon ..."
 "That was in the past, wasn't it?"
 Li Hao smiled."Now ... The other party is just an outdated person. If we don't break the fear in our hearts, will the modern people be ruled by the ancient people?" One would discover that when one broke through their fear and killed an ancient expert ... One would undergo a transformation! Spiritual, will, and soul ... Otherwise, we can only live under the threat of the ancient civilization for the rest of our lives!"
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "You're crazy!"
 Chen Zhongtian's voice became a little sharp,"you actually want to deal with ..."
 He felt a chill in his heart.
 To the experts of the modern era, the stronger they were, the more they understood the strength of the ancient civilization and the more they knew how powerful the experts of the ancient civilization were.
 The weak, on the other hand, did not feel much.
 A top-tier expert like him knew this even better. He didn't expect that Li Hao would really have such thoughts.
 "Then forget it, I don't need your help!" Li Hao looked at him.
 "Secretary Chen wasn't part of my plan," Li Hao said indifferently.
 "You ... You didn't gather the Silver Moon martial masters to deal with Fengyun Pavilion, did you?"
 "What?" his face turned pale."You've already made up your mind. To deal with an ancient expert ... You're pushing Silvermoon into the fire pit!"

 He finally understood that Li Hao was not just here to deal with the Fengyun Pavilion. Everything was a cover. He had summoned so many people to deal with the experts of the ancient civilization, and the Fengyun Pavilion was the best cover.
 Otherwise, when gathering so many people, everyone would wonder what Li Hao was up to.
 Now, everyone would say that Li Hao was crazy and that Fengyun Pavilion was unlucky. Li Hao was going to fight him to the end!
 But no one thought ... Or rather, they didn't dare to think that Li Hao was dealing with an existence that had recovered from the ancient civilization.
 Li Hao said calmly,"isn't this what you want?" If we fail, we'll all die, and you'll be at ease! "However, if we succeed and can kill the ancient civilization powerhouses, we will have nothing to fear. Moreover, our strength and spirit will undergo a qualitative change. At that time ... If I come out, whoever goes against me will probably not be able to start the second recovery. I will kill everyone who goes Against Me!"
 "Secretary Chen can think about it, but ... You are not allowed to leak the information!"
 Li Hao looked at him and said,"you're the only one I've told this information to. I even dared to kill an ancient civilization expert, so I'm 50% confident. Now that the information has been leaked, does director Chen think that the inspector is stronger than an ancient civilization expert?"
 "Don't worry, I definitely won 't!"
 Chen Zhongtian replied in a low voice. At this moment, he had the urge to run away.
 This lunatic!
  This group of lunatics!
 "The opportunity is right in front of me ... If I miss it this time ... There might not be a next time! Secretary Chen, take care, I won't see you out!"
 Chen Zhongtian's expression changed, but he still left quickly.
 That son of mine ... I'll beat him to death when I get back!
 F * ck, you want me to work for Li Hao to earn money? F * ck you, this is working to earn money?
 This was even crueler than selling blood!
 Li Hao chuckled when he saw him leave in a hurry. It would be fine if he didn't come tomorrow, but if he did ... It would be interesting.
 He continued to look at the list. After a long time, he sneered,""Ying Hongyue!"
 Other than himself, who was high and mighty and ranked first.
 The second one was Ying Hongyue!
 What a terrifying fellow. There was definitely some truth to his first rank, but there was probably no truth to Ying Hongyue's ranking.
 "He's number one ... In the Silvermoon land, Ying Hongyue is the strongest!"
 Even Li Hao couldn't believe it. He knew that the guy who didn't even dare to get close to him was powerful, but he had never thought that he would be first.
 His combat strength ... Was at the peak of six elements.
 That's right, all of them were at the peak of six elements, and none of them had reached seven. However, Ying Hongyue, who was ranked first, also had a line on it that said her vitality was extremely strong and that she could jump levels at any time.
 What did that mean?
 Would he be able to step into the true seven-element level at any time?
 Li Hao's eyes grew even colder as he looked at this name. He had originally thought that Ying Hongyue was still young and might be weaker than Qi Pingjiang and the Heavenly Star King. Even if she was at the peak of six elements, he might not be afraid of her at his current stage.
 But ... What about now?
 The Heavenly Star King was ranked third!
 The fourth was Secretary Zhao from the administrative division, and the fifth was not Qi Pingjiang. The sixth was not even the sixth ...
 Number five, Lin Hongyu. Li Hao did not know the name, but he quickly recognized it because of the note behind it. The city Lord of SuperPower City.
 The sixth, who surprised him, was Zhao Shuguang, the director of the Silver Moon Administration Department.
 The seventh was also out of everyone's expectations, heavenly astral King, the current heavenly astral King!
  The eighth was Qi Pingjiang ... Yes, Qi Pingjiang was eighth, and Chen Zhongtian was ninth. Was this ranking against him or against the royal family?  The two kings of the royal family were both in the top ten.
 Of course, Li Hao soon found out who he was targeting.
 Tenth, Zhou Chuan, Deputy Director of Silver Moon administration.
 Eleven, Yama.
 12, flying sword immortal.
 13th, clear sky Mountain Master.
 14th, Hong Yitang.
 Fifteen, Yao si.
 16, hou Xiaochen.
 17th, Heavenly Sword.
 18, Liu Hao. Li Hao didn't recognize him. He looked at the remarks and realized that he was actually the Financial Secretary.
 As for his combat strength, it was in the middle to late stages of the six elements.
 Thus, this list was definitely fake. It had pushed some of Silver moon's members up the ranks, and Hong Yitang and the others had actually marked them as around the peak of six elements ... What nonsense!
 It was too fake!
 However ... If the latter part of the story was true, even if you knew that he had faked it, everyone would still be suspicious.
 There were actually three silver Moon experts in the top ten.
 The top twenty was not eight, but nine!
 19th, the master of Phoenix Mountain.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com 20th ... Yuan Shuo!
 That's right, Yuan Shuo.
 Do you dare to believe it?
 Even Li Hao couldn't believe that the combat strength indicated on it was at the peak of the five elements ... Bullshit!
 Li Hao was speechless. When it came to Silver moon's people, their combat strength would instantly deviate. It was definitely inaccurate.
  However, with this, Silver Moon would be in ninth place out of the 20.
 You must be joking!
 The others were all Masters of their own factions. Among the seven divine mountains, other than the Masters of Phoenix Mountain and vast sky Mountain, as well as the dead Buddha, sky ROC mountain, and Tian Jian, the other two mountain Masters were not even 20 years old!
 As long as there was no problem with the combat level of the others ... That would be the biggest problem for Silver Moon.
 "Hmph!"
 Li Hao snorted. Why don't you put yourself in the list?
 The list only listed the top 20 and did not continue. It was unknown whether it was intentional or that only so many people had been detected. There was a high probability that there were more at the back, and the other party had deliberately not listed them.
 Just these 20 people were enough.
 Once this news spread, it would definitely cause a huge sensation.
 Nine of Silver moon's members entering the rankings was simply a fantasy!

 There were countless experts in the nine divisions, but the strongest, the Secretary of the administration Division, was only ranked fourth, and the one in the military law Division was only ranked eighth.
 One of the current secretaries wasn't on the list.
 In addition to the divine power List of 20 people, there was also a god tier master list. This time, there were more people. On the list of 30 people, Dao Jian was ranked first, and he was also a night patroller, so he was on Li Hao's side.
 The first place on the divine power ranking and the Divine Master ranking were both on Li Hao's side.
 Although the God tier Masters Ranking list was not worth mentioning, it represented potential. This ranking list was too specific.
 "Trash! You want to trick me ... Do you really think everyone is a fool?"
 Li Hao cursed.
 In the next moment, he sighed. That's right, everyone was a fool. They felt that they had hidden themselves very well, and their strength had been discovered. Whether it was true or false, Silver moon's side was very suspicious.
 At that time, they would be testing the waters. How could Li Hao not fight back?
 If he could counterattack and kill the opponent's expert ... It would instantly prove that the list was real. That would be the time for big trouble.
  "It's a pity ... You won't be able to get out of this list!"
 Since the other side had only sent so few people, Li Hao decided to make some changes.
 Some people didn't need to appear on the list, but some people had to appear.
 While they were busy, Tian Jian spoke outside the door, "Everyone's here!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped! Beat and he smiled!
 It's good that everyone is here. Everything is ready. I have to go to the remains.
 Half an hour later, Li Hao left quietly with a group of people.
 Six old martial masters, Northern fist, tyrant blade, Thunderbolt kick, Kong Jie and Huang Yu, a total of 11 top-tier Martial Master experts.
 Including sky sword, Hong Yitang, hou Xiaochen, Yao si, Nan Quan, light sword, Yu Luosha, and Li Hao himself, as well as Black Panther, whose strength was still unknown, 19 people and a dog. This was all the combat power Li Hao had prepared to deal with the giant tree.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If Chen Zhongtian joined, then there would be 20 top-tier Masters. The weakest Yu Luosha had god art combat power, and Li Hao was not stingy either. He gave yang Shan and his wife a large amount of spring of life. If the two of them also successfully advanced, then there would be more than 20 god art Masters.
 And with little tree ... It was even more terrifying!
 ……
 Li Hao left with his men.
 Chen Zhongtian, who had returned to the inspection Office, did not say much. He grabbed Chen Yao and gave him a beating. Chen Yao almost fell out with him.
 After a long time, Chen Zhongtian finally said,"you unfilial son!."
  Chen Yao's face turned pale.  Chen Zhongtian took a deep breath and after a long time, he said,""If you take out all the savings in the family and Exchange them for some resources, it'll be enough for you to attain four-elemental god art ... I'll go out tomorrow. If I don't come back ... Go to the Division of Administration overnight, or just run away and leave the inspection Division behind ... Find a place to hide ..."
 Chen Yao was stunned. He looked at his father, not sure if he was just scaring him or if he was being serious.
 At this moment, Chen Zhongtian did not say anything more. He ... Had made his decision.
 He had to take a gamble!
 He thought highly of Li Hao. Although Li Hao was crazy, just as Li Hao had said, if he succeeded, he would definitely gain a lot, not in wealth, but in spirit.
 He looked at the backyard, and his eyes shone.
 Everyone was afraid of the ancient civilization powerhouses and felt that they were undefeatable, including himself. In fact, he also had the same thought. However, if he could break the demon in his heart, for a Martial Master, cultivating the heart would be a Great Leap Forward!
 Even Qi Pingjiang and the rest did not dare to say that they would attack the ancient monster plant ... I ... Dare!
 He had already guessed that Li Hao was most likely going to deal with the monster plant left behind by the HU clan.
 "Li Hao is willing to bet, even with many Silver Moon martial masters, that he's certain of success. I ... Will also participate.
 At this moment, Chen Zhongtian made a decision.
 Tomorrow night ... Before the rankings were released, it was not hard to guess what Li Hao was thinking. After dealing with the monster plant, he would go to Fengyun Pavilion. If he succeeded, Fengyun Pavilion would not be a threat. If he failed ... No matter how Fengyun Pavilion ranked, it would not affect anything.
 It was just unimportant!
 "Old man ... You're just joking, right?"
  Chen Yao raised his eyebrows."I'm just asking you to work for Li Hao and earn some money. I'm not asking you to die. Why are you acting like this?"
 Chen Zhongtian couldn't be bothered with her. He hugged a little girl and kissed her a few times. Then, he turned to look at him and said,""If I'm not back by the morning of the day after tomorrow, send all of them to the Division of Administration. You can do whatever you want. Your younger siblings are too young to escape."
 Chen Yao frowned and kept looking, but Chen Zhongtian no longer paid attention to him. Instead, he walked deeper into the cave and saw that he had entered a secret chamber. Chen Yao was shocked!
 That place ... Had the divine weapon that the Chen family worshiped, which was also the strongest divine weapon.
 The divine weapon that suppressed the old heavenly astral King was related to the divine arts and methods they had left behind back then. What was the old man trying to do?
 If he brought this thing along, he would really be risking his life!
 At this moment, Chen Yao was in a trance. What was going on?
 He didn't understand.
 I'm only asking you to earn money, not to die. What did Li Hao say to his father?
 [PS: I'm begging for monthly votes. Poor thing!]

 Yuanping martial arts university.
 When the divine runes appeared again, the martial masters who were cultivating were all surprised. On the other side of the field, Black Phoenix, who had been staying there the whole time, was speechless.
 Do you really think this is a secret place for cultivation?
 Come over if you have nothing to do.
 He came once a day. He really ... Had nothing to say.
 However, he was also a little surprised. This group of people was rather interesting. Their aura was not weak. Their aura now was a little similar to the origin Dao back then. These people were obviously not too strong. Back then, it was difficult to comprehend the Dao without reaching the peak.
 These people seemed to have come into contact with the Dao too early.
 His physical body was clearly weak, and his mental energy was average, but the feeling of the embryonic form of the great Dao was very obvious.
 Hei Teng chuckled inwardly. One cultivation method in one era.
 Although it was a good thing, it was also a disadvantage.
  The early contact and comprehension also made it difficult for these people to truly strengthen their physical bodies and bear the power of the great DAOs. Who knew if it was a good thing or a bad thing?
 ……
 While hei Teng was thinking this, Li Hao had finished teaching everyone how to convert. Almost no one felt that it was inappropriate. To them, being able to retain force was something they dreamed of.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, everyone could not wait to cultivate and convert.
 Naturally, the spring of life was also indispensable.
 This time, many people were converted. Li Hao calculated that without two or three hundred drops of spring of life, it was obviously not enough. It was better to count for the better.
 The consumption was still huge.
 Of course, Li Hao felt that if he could earn it back, he had to get rid of the coconut trees first.
 After teaching everyone, Li Hao walked into the school.
 The puppet at the entrance was still patrolling the area, and he had no idea what it was doing.
 Li Hao went straight to the field.
 Hei Teng watched silently, not knowing what this fellow was up to.
 "Senior!"
 Li Hao stepped forward with a bright smile.
 Black armor remained silent.
 Li Hao didn't care. With a smile, he said,""Senior, I have a question I would like to ask."
 "Speak," hei Teng replied calmly.
 Li Hao didn't hold back either and asked directly,""Senior, if we want to kill a monster plant that was an undying existence during the ancient civilization era, it should have recovered a little at this stage, but it shouldn't have been able to recover to the undying level ... Under such circumstances, how can we guarantee that we can kill the other party?"
 Hei Teng looked up at the sky.  It was very dark!
 However, hei Teng felt that someone had gone crazy.
 A 6 element guy, preparing to kill an undying.
 An upper-level cultivator?
 However, it also depended on how big the gap was.
 Moreover, there would be a transformation stage, which could not be explained by one or two small levels.
 He looked at Li Hao. After a long while, he said slowly,""Do you know what immortality means?"
 Li Hao shook his head.
 ? "In the ancient civilization, rank one to rank nine is considered the mortal stage!" Hei Teng said calmly. Crossing over rank-9 and entering the Paragon, this was a transformation stage. It was extremely powerful! On top of the peak, it was called the Emperor realm in the past, but it was later changed to the immortal realm in order to avoid the Emperor title of some strong people. Undying means immortality ..."
 Li Hao looked at him. Undying?
 Wouldn't he still be dead?
 For example ... You!
 Black Phoenix seemed to know what Li Hao was thinking, or rather, Li Hao had forgotten his ability again and was letting his imagination run wild.
 Hei Teng did not mind."That's what you say. But a thousand years, ten thousand years, a hundred thousand years ... Endless time will make you rot!" No matter how strong an existence was, without the support of energy, even if the Golden body was not damaged, it would still decay! However, for those monster plants to be able to live until now, they are actually already considered immortal!"
 How many years had it been?
 No matter what era it is, time is your greatest enemy. Even if you are talented, 10000 years, 100000 years ... Time will continue to erode you.
 However, hei Teng didn't continue on this topic. He said indifferently,"There are two key points to killing an undying being. First, to cut off his origin source Dao! "This is a crucial point. Right now, there's no origin Dao in this world, but the other party's origin Dao still exists. It's just that it can't rely on the true great Dao of heaven and earth, so it's no longer stable and can't endlessly extract the power of the origin Dao."
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows."How about ... Cutting off its great Dao of origin?" he asked.
  He looked at Li Hao and said after a long while,"your magical text combines essence, energy, spirit, and power. It's a special Dao. Only a great Dao can resist a great Dao!" Pure qi and blood attacks, inner force attacks, and mysterious energy attacks can't hurt the power of the great Dao...But momentum can!"
 "You have the starry sky sword in your hand. As long as the power is strong enough and the divine text is strong enough, you can just cut it with one sword!"
 Li Hao mulled over the meaning of his words. Only the great Dao could harm the great Dao!
 Hei Teng continued,"secondly, once a monster plant revives, it will definitely store a large amount of spring water of life in its body as a backup. Any monster plant will do this. Therefore, during a battle, the most taboo thing is to stall for time. Once it is delayed, the other party may erupt all the spring water of life in his body at the critical moment and reach the peak again!"
 Li Hao's expression changed."They've just recovered. Will they also store the spring of life?"
 "Of course."
 "Any monster plant of any era will do the same," hei Teng said."If you don't believe me, you can ask the little tree beside you. It's so weak, but it still has a large amount of spring water of life in storage, even if its strength hasn't recovered to its peak!"
 Li Hao instantly released little tree. Little tree also heard his words and felt very embarrassed!
 This was almost to say that the little tree had embezzled a lot of divine power stones.
 However, hei Teng had said so, so little tree could only use his mind to transmit a message,""I ... I did leave some. As for that guy, I'm not sure."

 "I will!"
 "If you don't want to kill him a second time ... You must kill him before he erupts!" Hei Teng said calmly. Otherwise, not only will it be difficult to kill, but the key is that if you kill it, the harvest will be much smaller. "
 Li Hao kept nodding. So that was the case.
 Fortunately, he had shamelessly asked for a while, and the little tree might not know as much as this person.
 Hei Teng continued,"third, as an immortal level existence, even if it has not fully recovered, the other party is a monster plant. The monster plant has not died and its body is strong. It will be difficult for you to break its defense!"
 Li Hao frowned.
 "So, there's another point to kill it. Concentrate your power and break through its heart of life first ... That's the core of the monster plant, which is equivalent to the position of the heart. During a battle, the heart of life is where the opponent's energy gathers the fastest and most dense," hei Teng continued.
 After saying that, he suddenly reached out his hand and made a grabbing motion. Little tree was instantly terrified.
 It fell into the opponent's hands in an instant!
 Hei Teng pointed at a spot on the tree trunk and said,""This place is where the heart of life of the monster plant is located. Only by breaking through this place will there be a miraculous effect. Otherwise, even if you cut the other party in half, it would be of no harm!"
  Li Hao hurriedly nodded. He had learned something new. He hurriedly looked at little tree. Little tree was too embarrassed. Otherwise, he would have been terrified. This great saint was too terrifying!
 "Did you rely on this little tree to kill that monster plant?" hei Teng asked again.
 "Not entirely!" Li Hao laughed dryly.
 "It's not like there's no chance,"hei Teng said after some thought." The natural source of heaven and earth has disappeared, so the amplification is no longer there. It has been sleeping for many years. Anything is possible! However, be careful and don't give them the chance to self-destruct, or else ... All of you will die!"
 Self-destruction?
 Li Hao's heart moved.
 Hei Teng didn't say anything more. As an undying being, he was afraid of death even though it wasn't easy for him to survive until now.
 However, if they were killed by a group of ants ... There was a high chance that they would self-destruct at the last moment.
 The self-destruction of an undying being ... It would be difficult for Li Hao and the others to survive.
 "Many thanks for senior's guidance!"
 Hei Teng ignored him and just stood there silently.
 Li Hao was actually very curious. What was this guy doing here?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had forgotten that hei Teng could see through people's hearts. He heard hei Teng say indifferently, "I'm the director of the Academic Affairs Office of Yuanping martial Sciences University. Gather at the field. I'm the one who will be in charge of the emergency preparations for combat. When I stand here ... It means that the preparations for combat have begun!"
 Li Hao was embarrassed. Really?
 Alright!
 But ... You're alone, what's the point of preparing for battle?
 Li Hao didn't disturb him. This person was a bit cold and wasn't as easy to talk to as director Wang. Li Hao realized that most of the ancient civilizations were extremely cold. There were very few people like little tree and director Wang who were willing to talk to you.
 Maybe he didn't like it, or maybe his heart was dead and he had long given up.
 Turning around and returning to the school gate, Li Hao suddenly felt that his eyes were blurry. He looked at the dolls around him and realized that one of them seemed to have opened its eyes.
 He knew that these dolls were all puppets.
 But ... Did the puppet need to open its eyes?
 Li Hao gave the figurine a strange look, then looked at the patrolling puppets. He had a feeling that these puppets ... Were not normal.
 The school gate is just an empty space, is there a need for you hundreds of puppets to patrol here?
  Could it be ... A living person?  That's not right either, hei Teng wasn't even considered a living person.
 Many thoughts rose in his mind, but he didn't ask again.
 Be it hei Yao or director Wang, none of them had asked Li Hao to do anything, such as resuscitate them or ask for any divine power stones. It was unknown whether they felt that Li Hao was too weak to do anything, or that he could no longer resuscitate them.
 These were all humans, not monster plants.
 ……
 After staying in the relic for a while, Li Hao looked at a storage ring and wondered if he should get rid of the giant tree's clone here.
 It was a good opportunity to test the other party's strength ...
 However, after thinking about it, he decided to wait.
 After these people had successfully transformed, he would call in the people who were going to attack this time and then deal with the big tree together.
 ……
 The conversion time lasted for a long time.
 By the time Li Hao and his men left, the sky had already darkened.
 He quickly left with his men and returned to stellarsky city.
 Heavenly Star City, governor's office.
 ? At this moment, all the heroes gathered.
 The experts were all excited.
 Li Hao looked at director Zhou and said,"then director Zhou, you can stay behind to guard ..."
 This was what he had thought before, director Zhou shouldn't go in.
 Director Zhou looked at him and smiled,""I'll go in too. Otherwise, if something happens to you, I won't be of much use if I stay here alone. "
 Li Hao frowned and glanced at director Zhou.
 He actually didn't know the exact strength of this person.
 He was a pure ancient martial arts practitioner.
  However, the ranking chart gave him a high ranking.
 "Then ... Let's go in together!"
 Li Hao nodded. That's good.
 "You guys split up first," he said."Wait for me at the ruins in the western suburbs. I'll be there in a moment!"
 Everyone was a little puzzled. They didn't go in directly?
 "I have an arrangement," Li Hao said with a smile."Let's first see the strength and means of the other party!"
 The crowd was a little puzzled, but they didn't ask much and left one by one.
 ……
 In the backyard.
 Li Hao came again and said in a low voice,""I've already found the area where Fengyun Pavilion is located. I'll bring people to annihilate them now! If we can come back alive ... 30 million divine energy stones is just a small problem. The wind cloud Pavilion will definitely have it in stock!"

 The big tree did not expect him to make a move so soon and was a little surprised. After all, he knew that the other party had only appeared for two days.
 However, it lacked this information and did not know the specific situation. At this moment, it said with a spiritual fluctuation,""Then I wish you success. Don't worry, with my clone here, there won't be any problems."
 Li Hao hesitated for a moment, but still said,""If we encounter a powerful enemy ... Senior's clone ... Please help us block it ..."
 The big tree wanted to curse.
 What did that mean?
 So, if you're really no match for me, you'll run first and let my clone wait for death?
 You're really not a good thing!
 However, after thinking about it, he said,"of course I will. But ... If you fail and my avatar is destroyed, I will absorb these divine weapons first. It's the price to stabilize my origin."
 In other words, he still had to pay the 30 million, and the divine weapon was only interest.
 Li Hao was silent for a while before he nodded.
  After saying that, he turned around and walked to the entrance of the main hall. He seemed a little depressed as he turned around and said,""Senior monster plant, if ... I fail, I can come back. If I'm injured, I want ... To borrow some spring of life to heal my injuries!"
 “……”
 The big tree really wanted to curse!
 Getting something for nothing, are you addicted to it?
 You must be joking!
 "I've cut off the source, and my injuries are too severe. I'm afraid I won't be able to provide you with the spring of life ..."
 The big tree cursed in his heart. Get lost!
 Up until now, he had not seen a single divine power Stone. He had cut his clone and borrowed the spring of life. Li Hao was too greedy.
 Li Hao was silent for a while."When that time comes ..." He said,"I'm willing to use my Windchaser's boots and the starry sky sword as collateral!"
 “……”
 The big tree was instantly stunned.
 Starry sky sword and wind-chasing boots!
 At this moment, the giant tree fell silent.
 Li Hao smiled."Just in case. If we win, none of this will happen. Senior, you have to believe in the strength of your clone!"
 The giant tree thought for a while and did not speak again.
 "Senior, please consider it," Li Hao said."If it's really necessary ... We'll talk about it then."
 Seeing that he was about to leave, the big tree couldn't help but send a mental wave.""It is said that the starry sky sword has the effect of purifying energy. Is that true?"
 "It's true. "
 "Otherwise, I wouldn't be where I am today after only a few months on the martial path!" Li Hao laughed.
 The tree didn't speak again.
 It was true!
 Indeed, the legend was true. It was said that the body of the sword Saint was not strong enough and was very weak. Every time he made a move, he would go all out. There was even a saying in the past that he was a Sword Hero.
 It was said that the starry sky sword was created by an unparalleled expert. It could even be created by the legendary human King and the God-casting Supreme Emperor together. It was to allow the Supreme Sword to recover quickly after using the sword.
 Whether that was the case or not, it was only a Guardian monster plant of the Heavenly Star Town, and he did not know much about it.
 However, since it really had the effect of purifying energy ... Then it would be incredible.
 ……
 Li Hao didn't waste any more time and quickly left.
 Just as he reached the gate of the governor's office, a man with a constipated expression stood at the door.
 Li Hao was surprised.
  He really came? This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Chen Zhongtian felt a little constipated. He looked at Li Hao, and Li Hao looked back at him. After sizing him up, Li Hao smiled."Secretary Chen...Really came?"
 "Yes."
 Chen Zhongtian was a little depressed, and after a while, he said,""After all, I've lived for too long, so I can let go of some things!"
 A hundred years old was considered old.
 Li Hao smiled and thought of the experts from the ancient civilizations. They lived for tens of thousands of years, but was a hundred years too long?
 "Then let's go together!"
 "What?"
 ? Chen Zhongtian was a little surprised. He looked at the backyard of the governor's office. Wasn't it here?
 "Let's go!"
 Li Hao disappeared in an instant. Chen Zhongtian raised his eyebrows.
 The next moment, he also disappeared.
 He said that he was good at speed and defense, and his speed was not an exaggeration. He was indeed very fast. Li Hao even used his wind-chasing boots and disappeared in the blink of an eye. The other party actually caught up with him.
 Soon, they arrived at the western suburbs.
 Recently, Li Hao had been coming here frequently. The other major forces didn't dare to come, much less investigate them.
 As soon as Chen Zhongtian arrived, his expression changed.
 So many people!
 Could it be to deal with the powerhouses in Yuanping martial arts university?
 Did I guess wrong?
 He had some doubts, but ... The existence inside might be even more powerful?
 He saw those people, and those people also saw him.
 Some of the old men curled their lips. Why was this guy here?
 "Li Hao, why did you call this old hooligan along?" Nan Quan directly asked.
 “…………”
 Chen Zhongtian was a little speechless. He glanced at Southern Fist. It was fine if others criticized him, but did Southern Fist have the right to do so?
 Why don't you look at yourself in the mirror?
 It was the hardest for people to see themselves clearly.
 If I'm an old hooligan, what are you?
 Yao si also looked at him and smiled."Old Secretary Chen is also here ... This is unexpected!"
  The two of them had crossed paths before. Back then, the night patrolman was attached to the inspection Office.
 It was just that Yao si also didn't like this person, so the two sides didn't have much interaction.
 "Go in!"
 Li Hao chuckled."Senior Chen has been very helpful and has agreed to act as our defense. So ... We welcome you to join us!"
 Everyone nodded in understanding.
 They all laughed slyly.
 Chen Zhongtian suddenly regretted it!
 These people ... They wouldn't really want him to resist the ancient civilization powerhouses, would they?
 He said that his defensive power was strong, but that was only relative. It didn't mean that he could really defend against those powerhouses from the ancient civilization.
 As for Li Hao, he didn't care about this at all. He instantly entered the ancient monument. Chen Zhongtian saw that this guy was holding a token. No wonder no one else could enter recently. This meant that the ancient monument had been activated.

 ……
 "Again?"
 Hei Teng was speechless!
 I was just thinking about this, why did this guy come again?
 There's no end to this!
 As for Chen Zhongtian, who entered for the first time, the moment he entered, he felt a little scared. The first thing he saw was the countless puppets. His heart shook. Could it be that he was going to deal with these puppets?
 These things that looked like iron lumps felt very strong.
 And there were so many of them!
 At this moment, the others all looked at Li Hao. Li Hao didn't beat around the bush and said,""Let's start with the monster plant clone! To let everyone feel the other party's strength, the other party must be very strong ... This was inevitable! The clone only has one-third of the opponent's strength, but strictly speaking, it has barely stepped into the peak level that the ancient civilization spoke of. "
 "Senior little tree will be the main attacker! There's only one mission, and that's to keep the other party busy!"
  A small tree appeared, its branches and leaves shaking.
 Chen Zhongtian was even more shocked, this is ... Another monster plant?
 Tangling with the peak ... Did this mean that this tree also had the ability to do so?
 Li Hao actually had such a trump card!
 "In addition, senior uncle Hong, Secretary Chen, and senior tie Buyi will be the outer defenders!" Li Hao added.
 All three of them were known for their defense.
 Secretary Chen Li Hao did not know, but tie Buyi's master had trained in the divine technique tie Buyi. He was not weak, and his defense was not weak either.
 As for Hong Yitang, he had the most powerful defensive sword technique.
 The three of them looked at each other and nodded.
 "BA Dao, Tian Jian, and Minister hou are all at the back. They'll be the main attackers of the Divine Will attack."
 "Seniors of North fist, South fist, director Kong, mad Demon Blade, Thunder fist, and the second line of main attackers ..."
 Li Hao made arrangements.
 "Chief Yu, light sword, Thunderbolt kick and the other seniors ... Will be the ones to take the last hit ..."
 The crowd looked at each other, and some people were a little indignant.
 For example, the light sword, she was actually assigned to the outermost area. This could only mean one thing ... She was too weak.
 He's even a B-list in Southern boxing!
 As for hou Xiaochen and the others, their mental power and divine will were strong, so it was normal for them to be placed at the back. However, the light sword and Yu Luosha were really weak, which was why they were placed last.
 This was to protect their safety.
 At this moment, the southern Fist was a little proud and not too afraid. For martial masters, it would be too miserable if they couldn't even be the main attacker when they joined forces to kill the enemy.
 This meant that Li Hao didn't think highly of you.
 Comfortable!
 Now, he could actually make it to the front line. He was on the same level as the evil Northern fist and the uncle-master of the Thunder fist.
 Li Hao arranged everyone and then looked at director Zhou with a frown.
 Director Zhou smiled."If you don't worry ... You should be the main attacker. I'll go with you. I'll be your assistant!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao nodded.
 He wasn't too sure about the other party's strength, but since he said so, he would do as he was told.
 Now, it was just an attempt.
  Moreover, in this place, safety was still guaranteed.  At this moment, black armor said coldly from afar,""Think about it. If you break anything ... You'll pay the price!"
 The others didn't say anything, but Chen Zhongtian was shocked.
 A living person?
 Li Hao smiled."I understand. One year at most. I'll still pay the interest!"
 Since he had already said so, hei Teng couldn't be bothered to say anything more.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, took out a storage ring and took a deep breath. A true immortal clone with unparalleled combat strength. This was the first time he had encountered such a powerful enemy. The previous clones only had five or six types of magical powers.
 "Senior ... Be ... Careful!" He looked at little tree.
 The small tree instantly turned into a big tree, and its branches swayed.""Don't worry!"
 If he couldn't even kill his clone, how could he kill his true body?
 That would really be courting death!
 "Everyone, this is only a clone, but it's also an extremely powerful clone!"
 "If it's difficult to even deal with a clone, then we can only cancel the plan this time!" Li Hao said in a deep voice.
 "Then ... Let's begin!" He shouted in a low voice.
 BOOM!
 The storage ring shattered.
 In an instant, a towering tree appeared in the sky. The coconut tree clone that had just appeared was still a little confused, but it soon realized something and looked at the puppets in the distance, as well as the black Phoenix ...
 In the next moment, he was a little frightened. Wasn't he here to deal with Fengyun Pavilion?
 How could it be here!
 'Isn't this ... Yuanping martial arts university?
 It immediately realized that something was wrong. Li Hao and the others were crazy. Since someone from Yuanping martial arts university had been revived, they could not afford to offend them. It thought that they were only dealing with the people of Fengyun Pavilion.
 "Unrivaled ... Idiot, take me and escape!"
 "F * ck!" The giant tree's spirit fluctuated as he cursed.
 The next moment, he saw something. He saw the small tree.
 At this moment, little tree's mind fluctuated violently and he instantly charged at it. Li Hao also growled,""Kill!"
 BOOM!
 Everyone attacked at the same time. Swords, Spears, and halberds were all thrown out at the same time!
  The coconut tree was stunned for a moment. It was a little unbelievable.
 The next moment, he came back to his senses.
 They ... Want to kill me!
 "Bastard!"
 It was immediately enraged. Li Hao wanted to kill it. What did this mean?
 It meant that this guy had lied to him before!
 At this moment, he could no longer care about hei Teng's existence. He transformed into a towering tree in an instant. He even vaguely transformed into a human form. The branches turned into four limbs. This time, the aura alone was much stronger than the previous clone.
 "You're looking for death!"
 BOOM!
 There was a loud sound, and the spirit exploded. Boom, boom, boom. The aftermath swept through the world. Little tree's body trembled. He didn't summon the Imperial Palace. This time, it was just an experimental attack against the coconut tree. Now, he had to summon the Imperial Palace projection. How was he going to fight against the main body next?

 The powerhouses 'faces changed drastically as they felt dizzy!
 The next moment, everyone's Holy prose appeared and actually blocked the invasion of the spiritual power.
 Chen Zhongtian was a little confused. He looked at everyone with a confused expression.
 What was this?
 He didn't have time to think. He also roared, and his body flickered with golden light as an armor appeared on the surface of his body.
 At this moment, countless branches swept over.
 BOOM!
 The void seemed to have been broken, and it appeared instantly. With a loud bang, the word "sword" appeared, turning into a Sword Mountain. Its shadow reflected, and it was an earth-covered sword!
 However, the divine culture's Mountain of defense was instantly penetrated by countless branches!
 Hong Yitang grunted!
  Blood seeped out from the corner of his mouth, and he was a little shocked. This was the peak?
 At this moment, a fierce roar was heard. Tie Buyi's master turned into a Golden Buddha-like existence and blocked in front of him with a loud bang. In front of him, a large word, Kasaya defense, was suspended!
 BOOM!
 Numerous branches pierced over and instantly cracked the huge word.
 Chen Zhongtian's reaction was a step too late. It wasn't that he was weak, but he was shocked by the methods of these people. What the hell was this?
 But the next moment, he quickly sobered up.
 With a loud shout, he didn't completely defend. Instead, he punched out. A loud boom rang out as a divine weapon appeared on his fist. With a punch, he broke some of the branches that had penetrated through the two layers of defense.
 At the same time, hou Xiaochen and the others also attacked!
 Yao si punched out, and the five Element spells exploded. The five organs circulation spell and the five elements spell fused together. With one punch, the sky collapsed and the earth cracked. All the branches that penetrated the defense were crushed by him!
 In the next moment, a spear, a blade, and a sword appeared in the air. Sky sword, BA Dao, and hou Xiaochen all used their divine intent to attack.
 The void exploded!
 "What is this?" the coconut tree was also shocked.
 What kind of trick was this group of people using?
 It had never seen it before!
 At this moment, it was also extremely shocked. Although it was powerful and had instantly pierced through the defenses of the three powerful experts, all of its attacks had been shattered in the blink of an eye.
 These guys were actually so strong.
 There were quite a few people with six elements.
 Even the weakest ones like Chief Steward Yu had the power of two to three elements.
 As for Li Hao and director Zhou, they hadn't made a move yet. They were just silently observing.
 The small tree branch collided with the opponent, and the void was directly torn apart!
 This meant that the collision of their powers had truly reached the peak level, enough to tear space apart.
 The shattering of space was a dangerous fight for the two monster plants.
 Li Hao frowned slightly. So many experts had joined forces, but their first layer of defense had been instantly broken through ... It should be known that little tree, as the main force, was currently tangling with the other party.
 However ... The opponent still managed to find the time to launch an attack.
  As expected, the difference in strength between the two sides was huge.  Director Zhou looked at Li Hao. Li Hao said in a deep voice,"Director, let's see what you can do. I want to see your strength so that I can make arrangements!"
 Director Zhou saw this and laughed.
 In the next moment, he broke through the air.
 This time, instead of surrounding the tree and attacking it like the others, he went straight for it. The coconut tree was a little angry. Where did this reckless thing come from?
 An extremely thick branch pierced through space and headed straight for director Zhou's heart.
 Director Zhou, who had been silent all this while, suddenly shouted!
 His qi and blood rushed to the heavens and earth!
 Hei Teng, who was originally just watching the show, suddenly looked at director Zhou in surprise. Neo martial Dao!
 BOOM!
 His blood energy turned into a Blood Dragon. Director Zhou's body suddenly flashed with a golden light. The tree branch pierced over and with a loud explosion, director Zhou took a step back. However, he wasn't injured. This was unbelievable!
 "Golden body?"
 "You're a neo martial artist ..."The big tree was stunned.
 That's impossible!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment of shock, director Zhou, who was usually gentle, turned into a god-like violent Martial Master. He hollered and punched out. With a loud boom, Kacha ...
 He broke a branch!
 A powerful aura overflowed from him. His entire body flickered with golden light as he roared again. The next moment, BOOM! BOOM!
 Director Zhou stuck to the front line and surrounded the big tree. He and the small tree attacked crazily!
 Li Hao's eyes flickered with golden light. What a strong body!
 Was this the neo martial Dao?
 Golden body!
 It did not exist in this era, and it was impossible to cultivate such a powerful body.
 Golden body nine transformations!
 At this moment, hei Teng was also a little surprised. There were different levels of golden bodies. This guy who was walking on the neo martial Dao actually had a golden body of the highest level.
  "Whose inheritance?"
 Hei Teng was a little surprised. This was not something that an ordinary person could inherit. The nine transformations golden body was actually rare back then. A person of the new era had actually cultivated such a powerful golden body!
 "Is it ... The legacy of ccmau's venerable sovereign?"
 He was a little surprised and shocked. How could this be? since when did the land of Silver Moon have that person's inheritance?
 He looked at director Zhou for a long time before looking at Li Hao. Was it left behind by the sword venerable?
 It wasn't impossible. It was possible that uncle-master Changsheng had a good relationship with these venerable sovereigns.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 At this moment, in the air, a golden light flashed. It was director Zhou charging!
 Li Hao's eyes also lit up. What a strong defense!
 Its attack power was not weak either!

