fileno%d
 run far, just behind the dilapidated courtyard. Li Hao really meant what he said.
 At this moment, Li Hao was fully absorbing two attributes, light and darkness.
 He had been absorbing the two types of energy for the past few days. The two tiny superpower locks were swimming around his body like dragons.
 "Breaking two more superpower locks might not be as powerful as breaking four of the five major organs, but it should be better than breaking three of the five major organs ..."
 The light and darkness lock wandered.
 At this moment, Li Hao was considering whether his body could withstand the potential released by the two creatures if he broke the superpower lock.
 How much stronger would he be?
 Would his body and bone armor be able to withstand the next burst of power?
 And if one of them was broken, would there be a power imbalance?
 All sorts of thoughts appeared in his mind. He thought about some of his previous thoughts and guesses. Should he try them out this time?
  "Let's not break it completely first. Let's break it open a little and release some energy, just like unsealing a seal ... Then try to seal it!"
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Li Hao was bold, or rather, he was not afraid of breaking the superpower lock. He was confident and bold.
 "Pfft!"
 A mouthful of blood gushed out of his mouth. In the next moment, he infused his spiritual energy into the sword, as well as his divine will and blood essence.
 It was as if the blood Blade technique had gathered flesh and blood.
 According to the technique in the Golden Book, Li Hao condensed two big words out of thin air.
 Break, attack!
 With Qi, blood, and spirit as the foundation, he sketched out two large characters. These two large characters faintly flickered with radiance.
 "Condensing Qi, blood, and spirit, lacking the support of origin ..."
 Ancient martial arts should have gathered the power of the origin, which made the two characters so powerful. Without the power of the origin, the powerful star suppression technique of ancient martial arts was nothing special in Li Hao's eyes.
 Such an attack might not even be as powerful as the saber intent formed by the blood saber art.
 "If that's the case, you're too weak ..."
 Li Hao thought of something. The next moment, two forces in his body suddenly went berserk. One was wind, and the other was Thunder.
 Wind and thunder gathered!
 In the next second, the wind and lightning separated, and two streams of energy poured into the two big words. The word "break" flashed with lightning, and the word "attack" was surrounded by hurricanes.
 "Separate the divine ability in your body and merge it into the two words. It's best if you can complete the solidification ..."
 However, Li Hao felt a little awkward after trying it.
 The original word "break" didn't seem to match the wind and lightning attribute.
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 Each of the star suppression ultimate techniques seemed similar. They all represented a martial path and not a random word.
 Attack represented the neo martial Chen clan's wild fighting style of not stopping until one was dead.
 "Break" represented the Jiang family of neo martial arts. It was the meaning of destruction to destroy all things. The battle Dao was only about breaking.
  The core was the power of the great DAOs of the family's patriarchs. They borrowed the power of the great DAOs and not just a few words.  "Dao, words, merge the words with Dao!"
 Li Hao seemed to have understood something. He felt that the two characters didn't seem to match his wind and thunder attributes. He understood the general idea. It wasn't that the method was wrong, but that the power he had infused into them was wrong and incompatible!
 "Therefore, it should match this Dao in order to integrate this word ..."
 "Whether it's wind lightning or breaking through, they're just a carrier that represents a different path!"
 At this moment, Li Hao had some new ideas.
 Since that's the case, then what if I use the wind and lightning elements to form the two words?
 "So what if I use the power of a divine ability to outline it and let nature take its course?"
 Wasn't this the ultimate art of Saturn?
 He held two Golden Books in his hands and was not unfamiliar with this method. The key of the two unique skills lay in the meaning. Follow my heart, engrave words with my meaning, and merge the Dao into the words.
 This was also the most profound ancient martial art that Li Hao had encountered so far.
 With an idea in mind, Li Hao no longer hesitated and started all over again.
 The two words "break" and "attack" were instantly shattered, and Li Hao's qi and blood flowed back. He absorbed some sword energy and swallowed a drop of the spring of life, recovering from his injuries.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Just as the seventh leader had said, no one would die, so he just had to try a few more times.
 In the next moment, the qi and blood in his body gathered again.
 This time, from the very beginning, the power of wind and thunder gathered. Super energy fluctuations and energy spread out with super divine power as the foundation.
 Vaguely, a large word began to form.
 Wind!
 The wind howled in the surroundings, as if it had gathered the power of heaven and earth. The next moment, with a crack, the words in the air were shattered. Li Hao spewed out a mouthful of blood, his face blank.
 Why ... Did it shatter?
 I followed the secret art of Star Town City. The steps are the same, but the foundation of the power is different. Why did it break?
 ……
 p In front.   Deputy Director Zhou was busy. Hong Yitang had just returned and was explaining something to his daughter.
 Suddenly, the two of them looked behind them.
 A gentle breeze blew past.
 It seemed to be mixed with the smell of blood.
 The two were a little confused. Hong Yitang looked behind him and found it strange. What was Li Hao doing?
 Wind god art?
 The so-called divine ability was the power of superpowers. It could draw the power of heaven and earth. It was not just one's own power, but it could connect with the power of the outside world to form an increase in power. This was the divine ability!
 Yuan Shuo's Five Forces were complete and connected with the power of heaven and earth from the outside world. When he fought Xu Qing that day, he already had the power of a Divine Art.
 Of course, Yuan Shuo didn't think that it was just a divine power.
 From Hong Yitang's point of view, divine arts were like this. Using one's own strength to push the big, using one's own strength to push the outside force, turning one into ten and instantly becoming much stronger. This was a Divine Art!

 Divine powers were from the inside out.
 What was Li Hao doing now?
 Cultivate divine powers?
 Familiarized with divine powers?
 Was there a need?
 Hong Yitang kept looking behind him. Beside him, Hong Qing said unhappily,""Father, you still haven't told me why you're so strong."
 "I've become like this after some casual practice!"
 Hong Yitang replied perfunctorily and casually grabbed a breeze. When the breeze blew, there seemed to be some residual power. He tried to sense it, but he didn't feel anything special.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He didn't understand what Li Hao was doing. Didn't he go into seclusion to open more super locks?
 He had already opened the wind and thunder attributes.
  ……
 Deputy Director Zhou also tried to sense it and seemed to be thinking about something. After a while, he shook his head and stopped thinking about it.
 For a moment, Li Hao's god art seemed to have failed.
 But ... If the divine power failed, would it still be called divine power realm?
 What was going on?
 He didn't really understand.
 p ……  Li Hao was also at a loss.
 Why did it shatter?
 "Is the wind too strong? The foundation of solidification was not enough? Or is there some other reason?"
 That's strange!
 Li Hao fell into deep thought. Was the power too scattered?
 Or what?
 "Vitality, mentality, and energy are too messy and can't be combined, right?"
 At this moment, the two secret skills, the "bloodblade technique" and the "breathing technique of five birds", appeared in his mind. These two had the ability to merge, but how could he use these two in the divine power?
 His original intention was to create something to block the power of the superpower lock from spreading. He hoped to control the superpower lock without breaking it.
 At this moment, he was a little interested.
 If he had just completed the outline of the characters, he wouldn't have paid much attention to it. However, the instant it shattered made him realize that there was something special about it.
 "Interesting!"
 "The word 'wind' that I've formed has shattered because the power from the outside world is too strong ... Can I control the power from the outside?"
 "Input it bit by bit, and outline how strong it is bit by bit?"
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 I'll try it!
 In any case ... No one would die.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao chuckled. This time, he recovered some of his energy and spirit. He took a drop of the spring of life and spat out a mouthful of blood, using it to write some words.
 Wind!
 Li Hao injected a large amount of wind energy into it. In the outside world, more wind came. At this moment, a cool breeze blew in the north of the city, and a faint energy fluctuation swept through and instantly entered Li Hao's side.
 Just as Li Hao was about to withdraw his power, a suction force suddenly came, and the external force instantly collapsed.
  Li Hao was stunned. He raised his head and saw that not far away, the Black Panther was looking at Li Hao with a proud expression."I've eaten it, isn't it awesome?"  Li Hao didn't know whether to laugh or cry!
 The Black Panther did not care about the first influx of external energy, and the words were broken. It was obvious that the Black Panther felt that it had failed its duty the first time, and this time, it simply swallowed the external energy.
 He was about to say something when he suddenly stopped.
 Without the influx of external force, a faint golden light appeared in front of him. The stroke he had drawn earlier was gradually solidifying and did not show any signs of breaking.
 Li Hao was stunned.
 "It's actually stable ..."
 Li Hao's heart trembled. He looked at Black Panther, his expression changing."Later on, you can continue to absorb the energy from the outside. I won't let you put it in. Don't let any energy enter."
 "Woof!"
 Heibao nodded, somewhat pleased with himself.
 See that?
 I'm still the most useful!
 Li Hao smiled and didn't say anything else. He continued to channel some wind energy into his body, merging it with his Qi, blood, and spirit to form words.
 The star suppression technique?
 This is very interesting!
 He just didn't know if it would be as powerful as a divine ability after it was completed.
 All sorts of thoughts emerged.
 Streams of power of wind poured in, and gradually, a large word began to form.
 "Wind"!
 Suddenly, when more than half of the wind energy in his body gushed into the character, it was formed successfully. However, Li Hao frowned slightly when he saw it, as if it lacked intelligence.
 It was different from the absolute Arts revealed by the experts in the Golden Book.
 "Black Panther, release the energy inside!"
 The Black Panther instantly stopped devouring. At this moment, the "wind" character rose up in the wind. A gust of wind whistled in from all directions. The "wind" character instantly grew stronger, and a special fluctuation instantly erupted.
 It was as if a divine power had exploded. In the next moment, there was a loud bang!
 A large amount of energy surged into the words, instantly causing them to explode!
 It exploded with a powerful force, which was instantly devoured by the Black Panther.
 Li Hao spurted out another mouthful of blood!
 He frowned slightly. What was going on?
  "It can't control the input of external energy ... It will only absorb it crazily and eventually turn into a bomb-like thing, which will explode directly ... It's a good way to hurt the enemy, but it's like a one-time talisman. The loss outweighs the gain. Not only does it consume a lot of energy, but its destructive power is limited."
 Li Hao scratched his head in embarrassment.
 It was just a small attempt, but he had failed several times.
 He had just copied the secret art of star suppression city, but he still failed?
 I can create martial arts?
 He had to admit that his self-esteem was hurt this time. He didn't create it out of thin air. He just created and improved it step by step according to the unique skills of star suppression city, but he failed.
 If he didn't have the sword energy and the spring of life, he would have been seriously injured and dying.
 At this moment, she suddenly felt envious and impressed by her teacher.
 So powerful!
 How did Yuan Shuo, who was so weak back then, think of improving ancient martial arts?

 Why didn't he cultivate it directly, but instead improved the fusion?
 It was so dangerous, and one could die if they were not careful.
 Li Hao didn't try again. Instead, he fell into deep thought. A moment later, he took out two more Golden Books and studied them carefully, trying to understand the differences and key points.
 "There's no problem with the steps, but the Saturn supreme art has the assistance of the power of a great Dao and the power of the origin to maintain the indestructibility of the body and soul!"
 "And I ... Don't have origin Energy!"
 He did not have any Origin Energy, so it was particularly messy. The words were also a little weak and could not withstand the influx of external power. However, without the external power, the words that he sketched would not have any power to speak of.
 "It's very difficult to possess both body and soul .... And I don't have the Dao of essence ...."
 As he thought about it, he was suddenly stunned.
 He remembered what the small tree had said. It was related to the origin Dao.
 Li Hao's mind instantly entered the storage ring.
  "Senior tree!"
 "Yes,"
 "Senior, back then, you used the Dao of origin to give me enlightenment. You once said that we don't have the Dao of origin, but we do have a similar Dao ..."
 "Yes, when you exploded your force that day, it felt like the beginning of the martial Dao. The beginning of the martial Dao doesn't have the origin Dao, but using weapons as the Dao ..."
 "Shi?"
 "Yes."
 Li Hao was stunned.
 He seemed to have understood something. He didn't even greet little tree and disappeared in an instant, looking at the place where the words were broken.
 "The words I've drawn seem to lack a soul. They look particularly pale and weak ..."
 "But what if I enter with the merging force?"
 He immediately focused his mind on his five internal organs and felt the five Forces in his five meridians. Although they were still there, he could still feel that the five super locks were still alive.
 Yes, he was alive!
 He had a unique personality.
 It made people feel that the five internal organs were alive, and Shi was also a living thing.
 "Wind, wind force ... Activity, spirituality!"
 Li Hao seemed to have understood something."Without the origin Dao, we're still a little lacking when we use ancient martial arts techniques. But ... What if we enter with force fusion?" What if I use force to replace the essence Dao?"
 "Force is a kind of martial Dao Comprehension that originates from the heart, and it is also a kind of martial Dao embodiment ... Force and divine intent are different. Divine intent is just pure power, while force is not power, but a kind of great Dao embodiment!"
 At this moment, he suddenly understood what BA Dao had said to him before he left.
 When you fully understand the difference between force and divine intent, perhaps you can walk on a different path.
 BA Dao seemed to have understood long ago.
 Li Hao had understood this before, but he was not very clear about it.  Today, however, he felt it much more clearly.
 Heaven battling city, little tree, Yuan Shuo, and the ultimate techniques of Saturn had all given him a lot of inspiration. Today, he had only copied them, but he had failed again and again. This made Li Hao completely realize the difference between ancient martial arts and modern martial arts.
 Both sides were no longer in the same system!
 It was different!
 If he followed the ancient martial arts path, he might soon encounter some bottlenecks and thresholds.
 "Force is the greatest characteristic of today's martial masters, or rather, cultivators! "Superpowers don't have all of these. They're just a simple accumulation of strength. Martial masters have them, so they're very flexible ..."
 Everyone had been saying that superpowers were not as good as martial masters, but they could not give a reason.
 But today, Li Hao felt that he had grasped something.
 The biggest difference, the biggest key, was momentum!
 The obstacle that had stopped countless martial masters was momentum.
 Without comprehending force, one would not be able to step into the thousand warrior class. From the very beginning, this meant that the number of martial masters was far less than that of supers.
 "Force. In other words, if I comprehend wind force and fuse it with the wind energy, then draw out words and turn it into an absolute art ... Will there be some differences?"
 "Will external forces be controlled by Shi? "Force has intelligence, but pure power doesn't ..."
 Li Hao seemed to have discovered something new. The next moment, he thought of his teacher and the breathing technique of five birds.
 Teacher's Soul Fusion!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yes, Soul Fusion.
 Fusing Shi into the superpower lock and releasing the power of the superpower lock bit by bit, why was it so ... Similar?
 In the end, Shi should have controlled the superpower lock.
 Wasn't this the result he wanted?
 Li Hao suddenly patted his head and laughed."Yeah! After teacher fused with the spirit, the five Forces merged into the five meridians in order to control the superpower lock. I'm so stupid, why did I only react now?"
  He had been thinking about how to control the Super Lock. Didn't his teacher give him the answer?
 However, he didn't really understand what his teacher had explained.
 Today, he had come to the same conclusion after deducing from another path. He suddenly felt that his teacher was really amazing!
 Not only that, but his comprehension also instantly became much deeper.
 It turned out that the final path seemed to be the same.
 "If I break the superpower lock and fuse the power of the superpower lock into a word, isn't it similar to the superpower lock? The Super Lock can't be separated from combat, but the words from the Saturn absolute art can ..."
 It was all the same!
 Weren't superpowers and martial masters the same in the end?
 Li Hao was a little excited. At this moment, he suddenly wanted to have a chat with Yuan Shuo.
 Would he be able to control the superpower lock completely after achieving the God integration stage?

 Should he break the ultra-power lock, or should he control it with force and integrate the energy of the ultra-power lock into his force to strengthen it?
 Accumulation of spirit, fusion of spirit ... Then next, would it be breaking out of the lock?
 "The breathing technique of five birds can even merge force and superpower lock, so force and energy should be fine too ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao felt enlightened!
 His teacher seemed to have already given him the answer.
 Of course, this was different from his teacher's direct answer. He had used other methods and other processes to derive it. In the end, he had returned to this point. Two different methods, but the final return point was the same.
 This gave Li Hao a very different feeling.
 At this thought, he took out a communication Jade and quickly sent a message. Yuan Shuo was a very carefree person and didn't even give Li Hao a chance to send a message, but ... Li Hao wasn't stupid. If he couldn't find Yuan Shuo, he could find the Azure light sword!
 Last time when Jade lightsaber left, Li Hao gave him a communication Jade. It belonged to the Silver Moon system, not Li Hao's own. He didn't have such an intelligence system, which was why he rarely used it.
 "Calling martial uncle Wu, calling martial uncle Wu!"
  Li Hao called several times before he got a reply.""What's the matter?"
 "I need to talk to my teacher for a while."
 After a while, it seemed like a different person. Li Hao didn't know if there was a different person, but a moment later, two words appeared: "Quickly release it!"
 That's enough!
 He was a teacher, that's right.
 "The five Forces have fused into the five meridians. Do I have to break out in the end, or do I have to completely merge them into one?"
 ……
 On the land of the Silver Moon.
 Yuan Shuo was originally a little displeased, wondering when Li Hao had gotten involved with the Azure light sword. When he heard the question, he was slightly startled.
 He had explained the Dao of Soul Fusion to Li Hao very clearly.
 When the five locks merged and the five Forces were also integrated, the force would nurture the lock, and the lock would nurture the force. That was the soul Fusion.
 But Li Hao was asking for the way back.
 He himself had not reached this step, so how could he know what to do? he only had some inferences.
 The two possibilities Li Hao mentioned were both possible.
 "It's hard to say. As for whether it will break out or whether it will be planted as one, it will depend on the actual situation ... I can't give an accurate answer now."
 Since it involved martial arts, he was not willing to talk about it in case he was monitored. But when Li Hao asked, he still replied.
 "Shi has a spirit, right?"
 Yuan Shuo laughed. You just found out?
 "Of course! Just like the momentum of the five birds, momentum comes from the heart and martial arts. The foundation of martial arts naturally has spirituality. "  Li Hao seemed to be silent for a while.
 "Shi can control the flow of energy and the degree of explosion of inner strength, right?"
 "Nonsense!"
 Yuan Shuo frowned. This disciple of his had already come this far. Did he still not understand?
 However, when she thought about how his Shi had already died down, she instantly felt a little depressed. Perhaps ... This kid wanted to become a Martial Master again. But how could it be that simple? was he thinking of a way now?
 He was a little depressed and regretful. He had wanted to scold her, but now his tone softened."Shi is a type of master control. The strength of Shi actually determines your upper limit, so it naturally has a regulating effect."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao sent another message, can force and mysterious energy co-exist?
 Yuan Shuo fell into deep thought.
 ,m This time, he spent a lot of time and thought for a long time before he gave an answer."It should be possible. The mysterious energy is a type of energy, and momentum is not energy. The mysterious energy conflicts with inner strength, not momentum! Mysterious energy and inner strength are the same, while force exists independently. However, force needs to be activated by inner strength ... Inner strength is a kind of fuel and energy. "  "Can the mysterious energy be used to activate Shi?"
 Yuan Shuo fell into deep thought and frowned.
 He thought for a long time and said,"the inner strength can stimulate Shi because it is born from the human body. It is of the same origin as Shi. The mysterious energy is an external object. It is not of the same origin and is difficult to stimulate."
 "Then, can I absorb the mysterious energy into my body, merge it with my flesh, and become one with it?"
 Yuan Shuo's heart moved.
 This time, this disciple of his was asking more and more questions. He tugged at what little beard he had left and thought hard. Was it possible to merge the mysterious energy into his flesh?
 Could it be used as inner strength?
 Other than some external objects, a part of the power of the mysterious energy was born from the superpower lock. Why would the superpower lock give birth to the mysterious energy?
 What would happen to a Martial Master if the SuperLock was completely broken?
  Could the energy in the superpower lock replace the inner strength?
 Or could it be that they could be fused into one?
 At the side, Jade lightsaber looked at Yuan Shuo, feeling as if he had been stumped. At this moment, he was scratching his ears and cheeks. It was rare to see Yuan Shuo in such a state. This fellow always had an all-knowing attitude.
 Did he also encounter a problem today?
 ……
 Li Hao didn't get an answer from Yuan Shuo.
 He knew that it wasn't that his teacher didn't want to answer, but that his teacher was thinking.
 Li Hao continued,"there are two sources of mysterious energy. One is external. The other is born from the superpower lock." The external power may not be able to completely merge with the flesh in a short time, but the superpower lock and the flesh are one. This is the so-called original divine power of the superpower!"
 "However, when the mysterious energy from the outside got mixed with the original God energy in the later stage, I wonder if we can separate the energy from the outside and merge the original God energy into our bodies ..."
 This time, she received a reply on her communication Jade after a while. "I'm not sure. I haven't tried it myself, so I can't give you a definite answer. You can try it. Maybe you can try it with your current condition ..."

 After a while, another message came: "Don't try it rashly. If you want to open the wind lightning lock, you can only try the lock of the five organs. Unless you want to comprehend the power of wind lightning, I don't recommend you try!"
 It was obvious that Yuan Shuo reacted quickly.
 Now that Li Hao's Shi was dormant, it would probably be difficult for him to comprehend new Shi.
 Li Hao didn't have the power of wind and thunder, so he could only try using the power of his five internal organs. He didn't recommend Li Hao to do that, as it was too dangerous. Once the five internal organs lock collapsed, Li Hao's hope of recovering as a Martial Master might be completely gone!
 "I know. Thank you, teacher. Goodbye!"
 “……”
 Yuan Shuo didn't reply and only cursed in his heart,'don't try it!'
 However, when he thought of Li Hao's previous question, he frowned.
 His disciple had been feeling a lot recently. Was it because he couldn't accept becoming a superpower?
 He seemed to have studied it deeply.
  "What's wrong?"
 "I'm fine!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yuan Shuo directly shattered his communication Jade and said in a bad mood,""Don't bring that. It's part of Silver moon's system. The old guys in Silver Moon will definitely be able to track me down. They'll know where I've been!"
 As for his conversation with Li Hao, it didn't matter if he knew about it.
 Try it if you dare!
 If you're not afraid of death, then go ahead and try.
 He frowned."Li Hao seems to be very eager to become a Martial Master again. If this goes on ... I'm worried that something will go wrong. Those damned Jiusi, I'll teach them a lesson sooner or later!"
 If not for them, his disciple would not have become a superhuman.
 And now, on the path of superpowers, there was no turning back and he was walking deeper and deeper!
 Wu Hongjun didn't say anything. Li Hao had given her the money, so she brought her along. Obviously, Li Hao felt that the people from Silver Moon could still be trusted.
 Of course, he would not tell Yuan Shuo about this. Otherwise, the fellow would scold him for three days.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao stared at his internal organs, feeling tempted.
 The teacher had also said that it was possible.
 If he were to break one of the chains in his internal organs and absorb the power of the superpower lock with force, then form a character and become the vessel of force, did that mean that he could absorb the mysterious energy and use it for himself?
 However, if he did that, it would be just as his teacher had said. He would lose all hope of becoming a Martial Master.
 Now, there might still be hope.
 "But, if this continues ... Even if I recover my Martial Master status, I'll still become weak ..."
 "The mysterious energy and inner strength have something in common. Chief Steward Yu said that she first became a superpower, and then she purified the mysterious energy and re-created the superpower lock ... After she became a Martial Master, the mysterious energy could be re-created into the superpower lock as long as the force is still there!"
 Some people had turned from supers to martial masters, which meant that there were similarities between the two and they were not completely different systems.
 p Should he give it a try?  Li Hao stared at the five internal organs.
 The Tiger in his heart was the comprehension of Shi that Li Hao was most compatible with.
 How about using the Tiger to absorb the mysterious energy and turn it into a character?
 Fire?
 Or a Tiger?
 Of course, it didn't matter. It was just a burden.
 Li Hao was a little hesitant.
 But very quickly, he laughed. At this point, did it really matter?
 If he couldn't become a Martial Master ... Then he'd just become a powerful super!
 Didn't director Wang and the others say that it didn't matter?
 The nature of their power was different, but power was still power. There was not much difference. In ancient martial arts, there were also top powerhouses who walked the path of energy.
 "Then let's try ... I'll break one of the five organs 'superpower locks and use the Tiger to devour the mysterious energy ... I won't break it completely, but I'll split it open ... I'll use my qi and blood to gather it and use the Tiger to absorb it ... Maybe I'll gain something."  At this moment, Li Hao was much more carefree. If he couldn't recover, he would just keep being a superpower.
 He didn't want Shi to remain silent.
 Now, the Tiger that was about to break out of the cage had once again become a prisoner. Was it willing?
 It was also unwilling!
 "How can a ferocious Tiger be trapped in its heart forever after escaping from its cage ... Since I have an idea, I might as well give it a try!"
 Li Hao smiled freely.
 "Tiger, are you willing to break free and come out again?"
 There seemed to be the roar of a Tiger in his mind!
 Qiuhu struggled!
 With joy and unwillingness, I have a fierce tiger in my heart. I have already been released from the cage, so how can I be willing to remain silent again until the day when I completely become a dead thing?
 "I've guessed it!"
 Li Hao smiled. I guessed that you wouldn't be willing to die like this.
 Since that was the case ... He would give it a try.
 Perhaps, he would really gain something unexpected from this closed-door cultivation.
 However, the heart was too dangerous. After some consideration, Li Hao quickly swallowed ten drops of the spring of life and wrapped them around his heart. He was going to break the bridge of five locks, break the heart lock, and release the Tiger aura.
 If it didn't work, then he would add another sacred art, turning it into fire, wind, and lightning Sacred Arts.
 As for the light and dark superpower lock, he would put them aside for now.
 If one of his five internal organs were broken, he should be able to hold on, right?
 Li Hao was also a ruthless person. Since things had already come to this, he didn't care anymore. At most, he would just walk the path of all-supers in the future.
 Kachaa!
 The bridge of the five internal organs was broken by him.
 The wind and thunder powers started to surge in.
 In the next moment, a burst of flames rose into the air, repelling the wind and lightning. His five internal organs rumbled as if they were on fire.
 ……
 In the front yard.
 Hong Yitang appeared instantly. He looked at the sky, and there was a faint fire illuminating the void.
 Director Zhou also appeared and looked at Hong Yitang.
 "What is he doing?" Hong Yitang frowned."What is he doing?"
 The flames disappeared in an instant. The Black Panther had made its move. It opened its mouth and all the abnormal signs disappeared. However, the two of them were very close to each other, so they could still sense the situation.
 Director Zhou sighed,"I've completely given up on the idea of converting back ..."
 It seemed that Li Hao was going to break the fire vein!
 He was about to break the five viscera lock!
  Hong Yitang furrowed his brows slightly and calmed down after a while.""Alright!"
 He was also a god art expert, so he was calm at this moment. "It's pretty good! It's good that he's open-minded. There's nothing bad about superpowers, it's just strength. Martial masters cultivate their hearts, but ... I'm afraid his body can't withstand the seventh superpower lock breaking. "
 "It shouldn't be a big problem."
 "With his body and organs, he should be able to take the 7th. The 8th will be too much for him." Director Zhou said.
 Hong Yitang didn't say anything else.
 However, he was a little confused. Just now, he seemed to have heard the roar of a Tiger. That was Li Hao's Shi. It didn't seem to be too unwilling, only excited and excited, as if it was a life-and-death struggle!
 After all, breaking the fire lock would definitely put out the fire.
 Force had a spirit.
 Li Hao was destroying his Tiger aura, but his Tiger aura didn't seem to be in despair. Why was that?
 At this moment, even he could not understand.

 The power of flames shot into the heavens and earth. The Black Panther continued to devour, and its body was also on fire.
 At this moment, Li Hao's body was also bathed in fire. He was roaring like a tiger in the forest.
 The Tiger seemed to be about to break out of its cage.
 However, if it really broke out of the cage, it would be a rootless floating duckweed and would disappear from this world sooner or later.
 The five viscera bridge broke.
 The power of wind and lightning, including the power of fire, were eroding his five internal organs.
 Li Hao seemed to be on fire!
 At this moment, the lock on his heart broke, and a large amount of fire energy gushed out. His body seemed to be lacking in supporting three types of techniques. It wasn't that Li Hao didn't want to break more locks, but he couldn't take it.
 His heart was burning!
 This was the danger of the five organs superpower. The clash of different elemental energies could easily destroy the five organs.
  Li Hao spat out mouthful after mouthful of blood.
 There was some pain in his eyes, but his expression was extremely calm.
 His blood condensed in the air as he activated the breathing technique of five birds.
 Li Hao let nature take its course. He poured fire energy into it and began to write ...
 The reason why he had a special love for words was that, on one hand, he was imitating the unique skills of Star Town City. On the other hand, he felt that the world today lacked Education and Culture. From top to bottom, people ignored the inheritance of culture.
 He only cared about martial arts and the transcendent.
 Cultivation of the heart and martial arts.
 Reading ten thousand books, traveling ten thousand miles, and cultivating a heart of ten thousand feet. Today, be it martial masters or superhumans, there were only a few who cultivated the heart. In conclusion, it was still because he had read too little.
 Perhaps, the moment martial arts and super secret techniques were all words, everyone would understand that without reading, be it transcendent or martial arts, you would not be able to reach the peak.
 The divine decree, qi and blood, as well as the fire energy, were all flowing into the Word.
 Around him, the Black Panther had turned golden, a sign that its bloodline had been activated. It was crazily devouring the energy coming in from all directions, preventing Li Hao's energy from leaking out or from the outside world's energy from entering and disturbing Li Hao's cultivation.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Black Panther's presence saved Li Hao a lot of trouble.
 A word gradually began to take shape.
 Li Hao watched in silence.
 It didn't seem to be the word 'Tiger', but 'fire'.
 Gradually, the word "fire" appeared.
 The power of fire!
 However, it was still as sad as a dead object.
 At this moment, a fierce tiger roared, its body bathed in fire, and walked out of Li Hao's heart."Roar!"
 The tiger's roar could no longer be blocked!
 At this moment, the ferocious Tiger roared with determination.
 The moment it stepped out of the heart, it would never return.
 He could either merge into the characters and become the soul of the characters, or ... He could vanish and no longer be as fierce as a Tiger.
 This was also Li Hao's intention.  It would be best if he succeeded, but if he failed, his five viscera force and ferocious Tiger Force would be completely obliterated.
 Li Hao closed his eyes.
 At this moment, he hesitated, hesitated, and felt apprehensive ...
 It was human nature.
 In the next moment, he opened his eyes, which were filled with determination. He had already reached this stage, so why should he be sad?
 I have a fierce tiger in my heart, and now the Tiger has returned to the cage. The momentum of the cage Tiger is not what I pursue, and my heart is not like that. Even if I keep the Tiger, what can I do?
 "You can go!"
 Li Hao opened his mouth, but it was unknown whether he was telling the Tiger or himself.
 Go!
 Even if it's a bottomless abyss, we'll walk down it together.
 Without looking back, the Tiger strode toward the character in the air. The character trembled as if it were about to break. Li Hao didn't say anything. The soon-to-be broken heart lock in his heart spread out and connected with the character.
 A large amount of flame energy began to enter the text.
 Replacing the Super Lock with words.
 With momentum, he merged with it!
 It seemed like the superpower lock had been transformed into words and was not of much use. In reality, it was integrated into Qi, blood, spirit, and even life, turning the superpower in the superpower lock into a part of the body.
 Moreover, once he succeeded, he could use it as he wished from now on.
 The two could not be mentioned in the same breath.
 Since the ancient humans didn't have a Super Lock and only had the Sanjiao gate, Li Hao felt that modern people didn't necessarily need a Super Lock. They only needed a vessel to carry the overflowing energy.
 Be it the words or the Super Lock, it was enough for them to be of such use.
 ……
 Heavenly Star City.
 Countless people heard the tiger's roar, and everyone looked to the North.
 All the experts were frowning.
  What was Li Hao up to this time?
 p "He's going to break through to the third element?"  Someone muttered and snorted. It was very possible.
 Li Hao had only broken the wind and thunder locks before, but not the five organs locks. Today, he might be breaking through the third element. The ferocious Tiger's momentum seemed to be on the verge of destruction. Was Li Hao trying to break through to the third element and suppress the world?
 In an instant, many figures appeared in the sky above Jiusi.
 In the blink of an eye, he flew North.
 Above the night patrolman, a man appeared. He held a spear in his hand and his aura was monstrous. Hou Xiaochen was expressionless and calm."All secretaries, please return to the nine divisions!"
 "Hou Xiaochen, do you think that Li Hao can suppress the world just because he has three elements?" someone sneered.
 "I don't think so," hou Xiaochen replied calmly,"so what if it's three Sacred Arts?" There were countless extraordinary people in the world today. Let alone three elements, even four or five elements, who dared to say that they could suppress the world? But ... If that's the case, why do you all need to go north?"
 "Li Hao just entered the divine power realm. He rashly entered three elements, and his body was shattered and his internal organs burned. He's courting death. I'm just trying to persuade him!"

 "I don't need to worry!"
 At this moment, among the night patrollers, Yao si broke through the air and arrived. The little old man's face was gloomy: "Another battle? It's an insult to the transcendent realm to be able to stop others from advancing. If you're not convinced, you can also break through to the three-element sacred art!"
 Among the night patrollers, the Taoist sword rose into the air leisurely. It didn't say anything, but just smiled and greeted the strong men.
 Not far away, the inspector division's Secretary came through the air. He frowned slightly and said lightly,""It doesn't matter if it's three elements or two elements, it won't change anything. The span of divine power realm is very large. Two elements are divine power, five elements are still divine power. It's just a step across the divine power realm. It won't change anything. Everyone, please be patient."
 There was a huge difference between transformation and divine abilities.
 However, the difference between a three-elemental divine ability and a two-elemental divine ability wasn't that great. This was just a step forward within the divine ability level. It didn't cross to another level.
 The experts who were floating in the air fell into silence.
 A moment later, a young man in a yellow robe flew over from the direction of the Imperial Palace. He had a smile on his face."Senior secretaries, why are you interested in floating in the air and looking at the scenery today?"
 "First Prince!"
 Someone nodded and called out. The person who came wasn't the ninth Prince, but rather the eldest Prince. He was almost fifty years old this year, but he was extremely young and had a bright smile.
  Compared to the ninth Prince, he was more mature and had more bearing.
 Revealing a smile, he looked at the crowd and then at the North. The roar of a fierce tiger shook the world, as if it was on the verge of death.
 A golden glint appeared in his eyes, but it quickly returned to calmness. He smiled again."Marquis heavenstar seems to be cultivating. It's best not to disturb him when he's cultivating. Everyone, let's go to the nine Dragon Pavilion for some tea and a chat. I'll be treating everyone today, so I hope that all the seniors will come!"
 Was Li Hao about to attain three types of god art?
 He was really fast!
 It wasn't too surprising. After all, this person had already attained the divine power realm and had a stable cultivation realm. The fact that he was able to kill Hu Xiao meant that his body, bones, and internal organs were all very powerful. In that case, it was only natural that he could break through the three divine powers.
 Moreover, the momentum of his five internal organs had not been broken.
 Seeing that no one moved, he said meaningfully,""Marquis heavenstar has broken the lock of the five organs ... And has completely lost all hope of returning to the realm of martial masters. It's not wise for you all to disturb him now!"
 As soon as these words came out, some people's hearts moved.
 Previously, when Li Hao sealed off the power of his five internal organs, he actually had a chance of returning to Martial Master.
 But now, Li Hao chose to break the five viscera lock. This meant that Li Hao, this lunatic, had completely given up on the hope of becoming a Martial Master. In order to become stronger and suppress everyone, he had cut off the path of a Martial Master.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Was this a loss or a gain?
 For a moment, the powerhouses couldn't make a good judgment, but they knew that if they didn't stop him now ... There might not be demonic sword Li Hao in the future!
 "Then we'll follow the first Prince's wishes. Everyone, let's go to the nine Dragon Pavilion!" Someone laughed.
 The first Prince's words dispelled any thoughts of a possible battle.
 Alright!
 Li Hao was going to advance. After this advancement, Li Hao had no hope of becoming a Martial Master. Although superpowers were good, they still had their limits. Li Hao had broken through the most important force and destroyed it. This would quickly turn his early advantage into nothing.
  The group of people instantly began to chat and laugh. Although they were still paying attention to the movements in the North, they gradually calmed down.  It was only three types of divine abilities!
 Besides, he might not necessarily succeed.
 Even if he really succeeded, so what?
 Gradually, everyone quieted down and flew toward the nine Dragons Pavilion.
 Hou Xiaochen was unusually calm as he stood in the air and looked towards the North. At this moment, he no longer had the despair and dejection he had that day. He only felt a bit of regret.
 In the end...He couldn't go back!
 Li Hao, have you decided on your next path?
 Superpowers were powerful at the moment ... But what about the future?
 After breaking the lock on the five viscera and the lock on the head, where else can you break?
 'You gave up your most important power and chose to become stronger ...'
 Hou Xiaochen closed his eyes. At this moment, he didn't know if he should be happy or sad.
 At his level, he was almost at the limit of a Martial Master. Thus, Li Hao had no choice. He wanted to become stronger and intimidate everyone. At this moment ... It seemed like this was the only thing he could do.
 In the end, isn't it because we're too weak?
 If we could easily kill a top-grade divine ability, why would we need to do this?
 On the side, Yao SI's expression was also rather complicated. He looked towards the North, then back at hou Xiaochen. After some thought, he slowly said,"Superpowers aren't bad either."
 "Dao sword is also a superpower ..."
  Hou Xiaochen opened his eyes and looked at him calmly, "There's no wrong power, only a wrong heart! I'm not dejected by his choice. I just feel that it's not worth it!"
 "Not worth it?"
 "Is it worth it?" hou Xiaochen asked calmly. What was he after? So what if he suppressed the nine divisions? So what if he suppressed the imperial family? He's free and unfettered, and he's only focused on taking revenge. He'll just find Ying Hongyue to take revenge. Why did he have to offend so many experts and force himself to step into the divine arts realm? he's gone against the path of martial arts time and time again!"
 "Is this his responsibility?"
 "I regret it!" Hou Xiaochen said coldly.
 He regretted pulling him into the night patrolman's team, regretted letting him take on a responsibility.
 Why should the younger generation bear the burden of something that the older generation could not do?
 It's not like there's no one else in the Silver Moon martial forest!
 Today, there was more than one person who could break the Super Lock.
 Why ... Did only Li Hao, Hong Yitang, and a few others choose to break it?

 He looked at the powerful figures of the nine divisions in the distance and suddenly sneered."If you dare to show your fangs and claws again, I will kill a few people today and let them know pain!"
 His voice wasn't soft, and it reached the front.
 Someone turned around to see hou Xiaochen coldly looking at him."Try taking another look!"
 As soon as these words came out, some people were shocked.
 Hou Xiaochen ... What did he mean?
 At this moment, hou Xiaochen was like a barrel of gunpowder that was about to explode. The fire energy in his body appeared, and he couldn't help but want to break the Super Lock and kill a top-tier sacred art!
 The expressions of the secretaries changed.
 Hou Xiaochen ... Showed signs of breaking the lock!
 Were these Silver Moon martial masters crazy?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hou Xiaochen's eyes were closed as he held his spear. He stood in the air, unmoving. At that moment, he was thinking about many things. Many, many things!
  Decades of ups and downs, decades of forbearance.
 In the end, it couldn't be exchanged for some respect or peace.
 The silvers had been silent for far too long.
 And now, Li Hao of the younger generation had become a super, while he was cowering ...
 There were too many thoughts attacking hou Xiaochen.
 Politics, balance, politics ...
 Time and time again, he would probably end up like the king of the plains. He would be killed on the spot without even having the chance to unseal himself. This was the end of a top-notch Martial Master.
 At the side, Yao SI's expression changed.
 In the distance, the strong practitioners of the nine divisions were also slightly shocked.
 At this moment, he suddenly lost his previous arrogance.
 ……
 On the side of the Inspector General, the old Secretary's voice sounded in his ear,""Stay away from him. Hou Xiaochen was once known as the sickbed ghost. His sickbed isn't the key, but he's as vicious as a ghost. Today, Li Hao broke through three divine abilities. I'm afraid he can't take it anymore ... Be careful not to be killed by him!"
 The inspector quickly landed on the ground. He could tell that hou Xiaochen was about to go crazy.
 Once this person broke the Super Lock, he would become a top grade sacred art in the blink of an eye. He would be at least a top grade two-elemental or even three-elemental sacred art. If he really went crazy, he might even be a four-elemental sacred art.
 As for whether his physical body could withstand it, the bedridden ghost had been sick for many years, but he had not died.
 Who could guarantee that he wouldn't be able to withstand it?
 In the distance, the strong practitioners of the nine divisions were also moved. At this moment, the cheerful chatter also disappeared, and they all became quiet.
 Do I really have to force this person to become a superpower?
 In the city, there was still Li Hao, there was still earth overturning sword, and there was still Yao si ...
 If it really came to that, it would be another bloody battle.
 The surroundings fell completely silent, and the laughter disappeared.
 Hou Xiaochen looked at them, but didn't say anything.
 At this moment, he didn't know what he was thinking. He only knew that ... He wanted to kill, but he also had concerns. He knew that this wasn't what a Martial Master would want. He shouldn't do this.
 But ... He still had some responsibilities that he could not abandon.
 Hou Xiaochen suppressed the anger in his heart and calmed down, not saying anything else.
 On the side, Yao si, Dao Jian, and the others all looked at him a few more times. At this moment, hou Xiaochen was like a barrel of gunpowder that couldn't be provoked. The others didn't say anything and landed on the ground one after another. Today, Jiu si didn't want a bloody battle to break out, so he probably wouldn't do anything.
 ……  In the backyard of the northern city.
 Waves of monstrous fire merged into the words, and Li Hao seemed to be unable to bear the heat.
 With his powerful five organs, he finally understood how strong his body was to break the seventh lock. He could barely withstand it and fortunately, he did not break the light-darkness lock.
 Otherwise, his physical body would have crumbled after breaking the eight locks.
 Of course, if there was enough spring of life, he might be fine. However, at that time, the consumption would not be a small number.
 The word 'fire' in front of him was rapidly forming.
 The fierce tiger blended in step by step, mixed with some anticipation. It was not like what others imagined, only despair.
 Waiting for a new life!
 Waiting to be reborn from the fire!
 BOOM!
 At this moment, the words trembled violently as if they could no longer be maintained. Li Hao's expression changed slightly.
 What was missing?
 What was missing!
 Even Shi can't control words?
 At this moment, the lock was only half-integrated and it was already unstable. If it was fully integrated, wouldn't it be completely broken?
 Cut off the hope of the ferocious Tiger momentum?
 Li Hao fell into deep thought. A moment later, he exhaled. Perhaps ... He wasn't ruthless enough and hadn't integrated enough.
 "Ha!"
 With a low growl, blood spurted out, and Li Hao visibly lost weight. All his qi and blood, as well as his divine will, entered his body.
 As expected, the words stabilized again.
 Because he had not given enough!
 The fountain of life was broken drop by drop, repairing his five internal organs. The sword energy also quickly integrated into his body, providing Qi, blood, and spirit.
 The breathing technique of five birds continued to work, wrapping the words around it, trying to merge everything together.
 The wind and thunder elements in his body exploded and attacked Li Hao.
 At this moment, Li Hao seemed to be targeted by everyone and not tolerated by the world.
 He could no longer block the power of the flame.
  The wind and thunder exploded!
 The Black Panther was also unable to absorb any more. At this moment, it was panting heavily and its eyes were filled with dejection. There was too much!
 At this moment, countless energies surged in from all directions, as if they were trying to drill into Li Hao's words.
 Thunder in the clear sky!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The hurricane roared!
 The 'fire' character in front of Li Hao seemed to want to battle in all directions and burn the world. With a slight tremble, a fierce tiger appeared above it, baring its fangs and brandishing its claws. It looked up at the sky as if it wanted to compete with the heavens.
 "It's still not stable ..."
 Li Hao frowned. Why?
 He had even infused a large amount of life force into it, but why was it still unstable?

 He looked at the flames, lightning, and storms that appeared in the sky ...
 Rising from the ashes?
 Or was it like the legends, born from the Tribulation?
 Tribulation?
 Li Hao frowned. Was this necessary?
 He looked at the "fire" word in front of him and suddenly said,""Born from a hundred battles, do you want to go up and break through this energy that is blocking you?"
 The flames rose!
 It sounded like the roar of a Tiger.
 The next moment, Li Hao smiled. The words seemed to have gained some intelligence.
 "Good job!"
  "Then ... Kill!"
 With a low shout, the words instantly broke through the air and disappeared on the spot. BOOM!
 A deafening sound reverberated throughout the world.
 A ball of flames engulfed everything, and a fierce tiger appeared. It opened its mouth and roared, swallowing the energy that came from all directions. The flames were swallowed by it, the lightning was destroyed by it, and the fierce tiger trampled on the hurricane!
 At this moment, the entire stellarsky city was blotted out by lightning and storms.
 Outside the courtyard.
 Hong Yitang looked at the sky and muttered,""What did you do?"
 ,m What was that?  Tiger's might?
 It didn't look like it, but it did seem like a tiger.
 At this moment, he didn't understand.
 Did Li Hao become a superpower or a Martial Master again? what was this Tiger in the air?
 ……
 At the same time.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Stellarsky city, underground of the Imperial Palace.
 A small swaying tree suddenly spread out, and a faint spiritual fluctuation spread out.""Heavenly astral King, is there any change in the outside world?"
 "Unforeseen events?"
 In the hall, a middle-aged man wearing a crown looked toward the North and nodded slightly."Marquis heavenstar Li Hao is currently attempting to break through the third divine power. Flames are burning the sky, and wind and lightning are converging. It's likely that too much energy is leaking out, and his body can't withstand it ..."
 "Is that so?"
 A faint spiritual fluctuation seemed to want to spread out, but he instantly felt the void crack and devour everything.
 The weak mental energy from before was completely gone.
 The next moment, another faint spiritual energy spread out."It feels a little different ... Unfortunately, I can't investigate ..."
 He had no choice.
 Strictly speaking, it was too powerful. Once it spread its spiritual power, it would cause the void to shatter and devour everything. This was also a problem faced by many ancient powerhouses.
 Otherwise, at such a close distance, it could have investigated.
 Now, he could only feel it silently and feel the difference. He could not see the changes with his own eyes.
 Why ... Did it look like a lightning tribulation?
 There was no thunder tribulation in the new martial era.
 In the late stage of the new martial arts, the human King unified the world and believed that the martial artists in the world would absorb energy unscrupulously and devour the world. Sooner or later, they would destroy the world. Therefore, he specially ordered the God-casting Supreme Emperor to set a Thunder tribulation to test the common people.
 However, that was a treatment that only top-notch powerhouses could enjoy ... It was far from something that the current human race could trigger.
 The new martial era did not restrict the weak, but there were more tests for the strong. It was to guard against the strong in the future, who would devour too much power of heaven and earth without respect, and break the world.
  However, that was a treatment that not even paragons could enjoy!  His weak mental energy was constantly fluctuating.
 Perhaps ... It was just a perceptual error.
 Moreover, if the lightning tribulation was really aimed at an expert, the entire stellarsky city would instantly turn into nothingness. It wouldn't just fluctuate in one place. He was being overly suspicious.
 "Give me a copy of this person's information!"
 "Alright!"
 King heavenstar's quick agreement was a small matter. He just didn't expect that Li Hao's three-element magical ability would attract the attention of the ancient experts.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Heaven battling city.
 The old turtle was breathing in and out the power of heaven and earth. Suddenly, the turtle Tower fluctuated. The old turtle looked up and seemed to see through the boundary wall and the outside world. He seemed to see something vaguely.
 "Protect?"
 "I'm fine, it's just that ... There seems to be some special changes in the outside world ... I don't know why, but I vaguely feel that it has something to do with heaven battling city ..."
 The old turtle didn't know what had happened. It only felt that a little spirit seemed to have been born in the world.
 Of course, it could be that the second superpower recovery was about to begin, but it was hard to tell.
 In the distance, the huge general Huai floated slightly. He was still silent, but he seemed to have sensed something and wanted to struggle.
 Director Wang was a little suspicious. He didn't sense anything.
 Was the Guardian's perception wrong?
 He didn't really understand!
 Heaven battling city was isolated from the world, and he hadn't reached the point of infiltrating heaven battling city.
 ……
 At that moment, some of the top existences in the ruins seemed to have sensed something.
 Unfortunately, some of them were too far away, and some were too close to be detected. He could only silently judge.
 ……
 But Li Hao didn't care about that.
 The "fire" character transformed into a ferocious Tiger. It roared in all directions and fought against the wind and thunder. It devoured the power of flames and became stronger and stronger. Its killing intent was awe-inspiring, and once it was out of the cage, it rampaged in all directions, sweeping across the heavens and earth!
 However, the energy gathered from the outside world was also getting stronger and stronger.
 In the end, it even turned into wind, Thunder, and fire, three types of lightning, attacking the Tiger.
 The heavens and earth were turned upside down!
 "Do you need help?" Hong Yitang's voice came.
 "No need!"
  Li Hao's face was pale, but he only looked at the sky. He didn't need it.
 The Tiger had a heart, and the words had a heart.
 This character gathered the power of an entire Super Lock, mixed with the momentum of a fierce tiger. It represented many things. Once it was broken, Li Hao would definitely be severely injured.
 However, if it was stabilized, it would be a great killing weapon.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 In the air, the battle between the Tiger and the three elements of Thunder was still ongoing.
 The words became more and more brilliant!
 The sword momentum condensed, and the Tiger's claws were like sharp swords that pierced through the sky!
 The five powers were all sword powers!
 At this moment, the fire Tiger sword was rippling in the void.

 Outside the courtyard, experts quickly gathered. Deputy Director Zhou frowned and looked at the sky. However, he couldn't see clearly enough. Li Hao had actually used the mirror shards to seal off the surroundings.
 Between the shadows, he could only see a fierce tiger looking down at the world.
 "He's recovered to the level of a Martial Master?"
 Deputy Director Zhou was also confused and looked at Hong Yitang.
 This was momentum!
 Hong Yitang was speechless. He looked at him and said after a while,""You're asking me?"
 How would I know!
 With energy and momentum, he was also confused.
 Who knew what was going on?
 Who knew what Li Hao was up to?
  He only knew that the commotion was huge. He also found out that the energy born between heaven and earth actually had an offensive power. It was not an ordinary offensive power, but an extremely powerful one.
 They seemed to be destroying the Tiger!
 As he was speaking, suddenly, a monstrous flame burned the world, even burning through the mirror barrier. A flame spread out, and the Black Panther instantly turned golden, swallowing a large amount of flames.
 Hong Yitang's expression changed as well. With a wave of his hand, a bolt of lightning exploded and devoured the flames.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, it was just a thread of flame that spread over.
 It instantly burned his hand.
 With a shake of his hand, the flame was extinguished.
 A burn mark was left on Hong Yitang's arm. He frowned slightly, feeling strange. So strong?
 It wasn't just caused by mystery, there were a lot of things mixed in, it felt like a hodgepodge.
 I don't understand!
 Director Zhou also took a few steps back. The flames in front of him were extinguished, but they seemed to come alive as they charged at him!
 "Strange!"
 Deputy Director Zhou raised his hand and an aura seemed to suppress the heavens and earth, suppressing all the flames. He was a little confused and wanted to study the flames. Suddenly, the flames turned into a Tiger and with a loud boom, it exploded, not leaving any traces behind.
 "What?"
 Director Zhou frowned.
 "What is it?" Hong Yitang frowned."What kind of power is it?"
 "I'm not sure ... Could it be that he has fused the mysterious energy into his body?"
 ……
 The two of them were discussing outside.
 As Li Hao's blood and Qi continued to flow into his body, Li Hao's ferocious Tiger aura gradually became stronger and stronger!
 BOOM!
 His claw slashed out like a sword, tearing apart the lightning.
 The Tiger swallowed the lightning in one gulp and fought in all directions.
 Li Hao's face turned paler, but his eyes brightened. The words were stable!
 ,m A Super Lock was completely devoured by the text.  At the same time, it was also devouring his vitality, blood, Qi, and spirit ...
 It was as if his entire person had been integrated into this character.
 The next moment, Li Hao closed his eyes. In an instant, he seemed to have possessed a fierce tiger. At this moment, he was like a fierce tiger. The character was the character of heart's blood, the embodiment of Dao.
 This was who he was!
 Sensing his surroundings, Li Hao's sword intent suddenly erupted. Lifeless sword!
 The fierce tiger brandished its claws like Li Hao brandishing his sword.
 The sword swung out!
 BOOM!
 The lightning in the sky was destroyed, and everything was reduced to nothing.
 At this moment, Li Hao felt as if he had become a Martial Master again. However, he still felt that he was lacking something. Of course, he couldn't care about that at this time. The Tiger opened its mouth, and countless fire energy poured into his body!
 The fire energy gathered in the outside world was instantly devoured by the Tiger and Li Hao.
 In the blink of an eye, the energy in the surroundings disappeared.
  Only one character was instantly condensed.  In the blink of an eye, a fierce tiger appeared on the text, turned into a brand, and burrowed into the text.
 With a thought, the words returned to Li Hao's mind.
 At this moment, his heart was calm.
 Without the Super Lock, without Shi, there was nothing left. There was only a single word floating quietly in his heart.
 Li Hao was stunned.
 This ... Could this be considered a success?
 He did not know.
 However, at this moment, the words were extremely quiet and didn't move. Did this count as opening the third sacred art or not?
 A trace of blood Qi was born in the heart, and it gradually merged with the words.
 Li Hao had consumed too much energy just now, so his face was still pale and his eyes were filled with doubt. He didn't understand if he could be considered a three-elemental divine arts practitioner.
 "Come out!"
 BOOM!
 The flames that filled the sky burned the world!
 A character moved at his will and suppressed the void. With a loud boom and a scream, the Black Panther's body burst into flames. Stunned, Li Hao hurriedly collected the character.
 The words disappeared!
 The Black Panther, on the other hand, was burnt black. It kept screaming until Li Hao transferred a large amount of sword energy into it. Only then did the Black Panther look at Li Hao with great resentment.
 Li Hao felt embarrassed."I'm just trying it out. I'm just trying to see if it works. Sorry! Sorry!"
 The next moment, he was ecstatic!
 Yes!
 Furthermore, it was a smooth one. The moment the word 'fire' was used, it was formed by itself, and there was no pressure on the five internal organs. What ... What was going on?
 He was just trying to learn the secret art of star suppression city according to his own idea, but the effect was surprisingly good!
 "This ... If that's the case, I'll use the other techniques of my four internal organs, absorb the wind and thunder, and then comprehend the power of light and darkness ... Wouldn't I ... Be invincible?"
 But the next moment, he was suddenly depressed.
 I've only comprehended the power of the five elements, not the power of wind and thunder, not the power of light and darkness!
 If that's the case...It'll be very hard for me to condense all sorts of divine ability characters.
 "But the five internal organs ... Can be ..."
 Li Hao's eyes were bright!
 At this moment, he was a little excited. The power of these characters didn't seem to be external, but rather, it was his own. He could control it at will, and it was similar to inner strength. In fact, it was even more compatible with him than inner strength.
 Does this mean that I've successfully turned the mysterious energy into my own?
 "Fire!"
 A flame appeared in his hand, and with a casual palm strike, there was a loud boom and the surroundings turned into a sea of fire.
 This was much more powerful than the unstable wind lightning sacred art.
 But unfortunately ...
 Li Hao sensed for a moment and felt a bit of heartache. Not only did he consume a lot of sword energy, but he had also consumed at least 20 drops of the spring of life in an instant. What a waste.
 Of course, it was nothing compared to the stability of the word 'fire'.
 The word 'fire' was reserved. In the next moment, Li Hao sensed it and was slightly moved. He seemed to be the same as before. He only had wind and thunder divine abilities, and his fire divine abilities seemed to have completely disappeared.
  Breath control?
 Was he completely reserved?
 This ... Is amazing!
 Li Hao instantly smiled. He seemed to know what he should do next. Although he didn't know if he could be considered a Martial Master, he could use his sword intent again.
 'Then, can I continue on my previous path and continue to comprehend force, integrate it into my sacred art, and then turn it into words ...'
 A sacred art for every word?
 One word, one force?
 In the end, could these words become one?
 As these thoughts flashed through Li Hao's mind, he suddenly became excited. At this moment, he felt enlightened!
 My Dao ... Seems to be right in front of me!

