fileno%d
 expression changed.
 From the head of the night patrolman branch to the head of the supervisors, his status had dropped by 99%. However ... Was the southern Fist demoting him or did Governor li really value him?
 He had long been close to the star military governor's office. Even if he did not do well, there was no need to embarrass him in public, right?
 As he thought about it, he smiled and hurriedly said,""That's good. Thank you for your support, commander!"
 Nanquan laughed heartily."Alright then, do your best. Recently, there have been many thick-skinned and shameless people around the military governor. The military governor is into this. You have a bright future!"
 With that, he turned around and left.
 Everyone was stunned. He liked this?
 It can't be, right?
 But ... On second thought, wasn't Southern Fist ... Just that kind of person?
 It was said that Chen Zhongtian of the inspection Division, the previous Secretary of the inspection Division, was also famous for being thick-skinned and shameless. Could it be that ... Governor li was really into this?
  The governor of Nanyue cursed in his heart.
 A crooked upper beam will have a crooked lower beam!
 In this way, the country would become a country sooner or later.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The poor Secretary Zhao who trusted me has already passed away ...
 In the end, he could only sigh. The battle between the upper echelons was dangerous and life and death were unpredictable. As the gateway to Heavenly Star, Southern peak did not have the qualifications to rule over the world. He did not have the intention to rule over the world.
 Now that Zhao huaimin was dead and he was protected by him, he couldn't let down the Secretary's trust.
 Then ... He would take control of the southern mountains!
 After Nan Quan left, he transmitted a few words. Not long after, the people who had just heaved a sigh of relief suddenly screamed. In the blink of an eye, more than ten people were captured by their colleagues!
 The governor of Nanyue looked at these people who were crying for their parents, but he ignored them.
 At this moment, he felt a little gratified.
 At least, Li Hao wasn't blind.
 He had long wanted to get rid of these people. Each and every one of them was unconcerned. Unfortunately, the previous struggle was too intense. Everyone had their own backers, so it was not good to act rashly!
 The list that Li Hao had given him today was a list of people with terrible reputations.
 Finally, all of them were eliminated!
 "Take him away, cripple his powers, and bring him to stellarsky city. If he escapes, kill him immediately!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 The governor's mansion's soldiers received the order and left.
 ……
 And this scene was taking place in all directions of the central continent.
 Li Hao knew that the matter had been exposed, and the three major organizations knew about it. He didn't hold back any longer and quickly dispatched Silver Moon martial masters to attack the various provinces. Except for the South-guarding liege Lord's nanbin province and the West-guarding liege Lord's Xijiang province, experts from all the other provinces quickly rushed over.
 If he could take them down, he would. If he couldn 't, he would quickly kill their leader.  The central region was still stable.
 Because stellarsky city was in the central region, it had always controlled the four continents. At least it was not as chaotic as the four continents, which had directly broken away from control. The two princes were leading their troops outside, so Li Hao did not act rashly.
 ……
 It was late December.
 The weather was cold.
 It would be 1731 in a few days.
 However, at the end of this year, the stellarsky city was rather quiet and cold.
 The pedestrians on the road were much fewer.
 At this moment, the sky that covered the entire city suddenly lit up, attracting the attention of the entire city.
 No matter if they were working or walking, they all raised their heads and looked at the sky.
 Ever since Li Hao had asked Yuming, who had a mixed spirit, to operate the system, there had been some results. At least in stellarsky city, the system of the sky screen had been perfected. However, Yuming had been urging Li Hao to open Lu Zhen's research Institute, as there were many things he needed there.
 However, Li Hao was too busy and didn't pay attention to it. He promised that he would open it after a few days.
 At this moment, Li Hao's figure appeared in the sky.
 Finally, he didn't have to shout to inform the entire city.
 Li Hao's image was presented to everyone. The young Li Hao, wearing armor, showed his face and smiled.""Let me introduce myself. I'm Li Hao, the military governor of the star military governor's office."
 "This is the sky screen. In the future, if there are any announcements, I will inform the people in the city directly through the sky screen!"
 "The population of stellarsky city is thirty million. It is the most populated and most prosperous area in the entire dynasty."
 "However, in such a large Palace, there are very few people who are literate. Someone has calculated that the literacy rate in the entire dynasty is only about 15%, and this was caused by some people's promotion a few years ago. The literacy rate in the palace is slightly higher, about 20%."
 There were five people, and one of them could read, but that was all.
 Many people looked up and listened quietly.
  In the past few days, there had been some rumors that the Emperor and the ninth Secretary had died. They were all killed by this man and that he had unified stellarsky city. No one knew if this was true or not.
 But now, this person announced the news in such a grand manner. Perhaps ... It was true?
 In the image, Li Hao continued, for the better development of the dynasty and for everyone's future, it is very necessary to read and write! From today onwards, Tian Xing city will have 3000 new schools, 2000 of which will be used to wipe out illiteracy ... All illiterate people between the age of 40 and 6 must learn to read and write ..."
 Many people cursed in their hearts when they heard this.
 Is he crazy?
 You're not working or eating?
 Studying is the business of scholars, what does it have to do with us?
 Previously, he had felt that this military governor was not ordinary and was a good person. Now that he heard it ... He felt that he was also a big club!
 The northern barbarians, what are you thinking!
 Li Hao said calmly,"it's not 24 hours per day. You only need to draw for two hours at night. All the teaching materials are free!" If he could complete literacy education and the basic assessment, there would be benefits. One person could study and the whole family would become rich! Those who pass the test will be rewarded with 100 grains of divine food ..."

 After saying this much, Li Hao took out a golden grain of rice and said,""If one person eats a grain of rice like this, they won't be hungry for three days. It will strengthen their bodies and prevent them from getting sick! "One hundred pills will be enough for you to eat for a year. You won't get sick and won't be afraid of the cold. This is a legendary divine item. It's nurtured by the strongest. Those who are fast in the literacy class might be able to complete the assessment in a month ..."
 In an instant, everyone in the city opened their eyes wide and looked at the Golden Rice, swallowing their saliva.
 Eat one pill, and you won't be hungry for three days, and you won't get sick.
 Really?
 Just drawing for two hours a day ... This ... This is simply ... Giving away money.
 Li Hao continued,"on top of the literacy class, there are three levels of Advanced Studies: primary school, secondary school, and University. If you complete primary school knowledge, you will be rewarded with 1000 grains of rice. If you complete secondary school, you will be rewarded with 10000 ... Tuition fees will be free. Teaching materials will be free, food will be provided in the canteen, and accommodation will be provided in the dormitory!"
 "In addition, we'll be recruiting teachers for the entire nation. We're in urgent need of a large number of knowledgeable people ..."
 Li Hao's advertisement on the sky screen was heard by everyone in the city.
 In the slums, an old man who was selling old books suddenly looked up at the screen, his eyes shining.
 It had been five years!
  Five years ago, tenseng Academy closed its doors, a group of teachers and students were killed, and another group was expelled. But now ... The new Li Hao had opened thousands of schools in an instant.
 The old man was in tears. Was this ... A new era of civilization about to begin?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao's voice continued to reverberate throughout the city."In addition, from today onwards, all the roads in the city will be rebuilt. The infrastructure will be activated, and superpowers will participate. Those who have nothing to do can sign up and join in the construction of the stellarsky city!"
 "Anyone with damaged houses can report to the local government and arrange for repairs. Supers will be enough!"
 "All repairs are free!"
 "Those who have the power will do their best, and those who have the brains will use their brains. Together, we will develop Sky Star City and make Sky Star even more prosperous! "Next year, a New Year, a new era, we'll let the people of the world, even in an era without superpowers, be able to walk out of this world and explore the unknown, towards the future ..."
 Li Hao was full of passion and enthusiasm.
 "In addition," he added,"on the 1st of January, the sky Star Martial Arts Academy will officially open. It will be the first batch of students to be recruited. We also welcome those with knowledge from all over the world to join. Learn about superpowers, martial arts, technology, and civilization. Martial arts isn't the only thing that can be learned. Superpowers aren't omnipotent either. We will teach according to the material, make the best use of everything, and make the best of everyone!"
 As soon as he said that, the entire city cheered.
 It wasn't just because the martial arts Academy was about to start, but also because Li Hao's few words made many people's eyes light up and they saw hope.
 If there was food to eat in school ... One grain of rice could last three days.
 This was the first reason. The second reason was that houses were repaired, roads were rebuilt, and people's lives were improved.
 They had food and shelter. It was nothing to the rich, but to the poor, this winter was too hard to endure!
 But now ... He had a chance.
 As long as they signed up and went to study, at least they wouldn't starve to death. There would be rewards if they completed the tasks. Even if they participated, they would have food to eat ...
 To many people, this was a life-saving straw!  As for the wealthy families, they also saw some opportunities.
 Many, many opportunities!
 Putting martial arts colleges aside, rich families were more literate. Li Hao was in urgent need of talents now, and the benefits were very high. Not only were there various benefits, but there were also large amounts of cultivation resources.
 To them, this was like a chance to rise to the heavens in a single bound.
 Soon, as more announcements were made, the eyes of some nobles and fearful officials also brightened.
 The central region was about to have many empty spaces.
 Those with ambition could participate in the registration. Once they passed the assessment, it didn't matter if they were a noble or a member of the nine divisions, as long as they had done nothing wrong in the past, they could participate. Once they passed, they would immediately take up the position of an official!
 What did stellarsky city have the most?
 An official!
 In the past, many people had racked their brains to come to this place just to wait for a vacancy, even if it was to guard the door for the noble.
 There were many officials here.
 There were also many capable ones!
 Learn the arts and sell them to the royal family.
 Now, with the disappearance of the nine divisions and the royal family, Li Hao was the future emperor. The poor people wanted to eat and wear warm clothes, but to them ... It might be difficult and troublesome to become an official now, but once they succeeded and made achievements, they would be the subjects of the Dragon!
 Those who were more knowledgeable could tell that Li Hao was gradually replacing some of the older generation and training his own people. This was an even better opportunity.
  At the current stage, Li Hao, who came from the North, had a shallow foundation and was in great need of talents.
 ……
 On this day, the entire stellarsky city was in an uproar.
 A large number of people first went to sign up for literacy classes. Not long after, they went to various places to apply for the repair of their houses. Refugee points were opened everywhere to provide food for the people who could not eat in the city.
 ……
 The star military governor's office.
 Hou Xiaochen was a little jealous.
 "The situation in the North is much worse than it is here. Stellarsky city is a bustling place, and there aren't many people who are truly starving to death. However, there are a lot of people in the North who are starving to death. You gave a large amount of food to stellarsky city, and gave them all kinds of benefits and benefits, but you kept this information from Silver Moon ..."
 He even wanted to ask if this bastard was a Silvermoon person.
 Li Hao smiled."We have to do it step by step. Heavenly Star needs to be more peaceful. Let's try it out in Heavenly Star City first. Fortunately, we can learn from the experiences of some ancient civilizations. Otherwise, it would be very troublesome if we did it rashly!"

 "Let's build stellarsky city first, cultivate a group of talents, and then spread them to all corners of the world. This is not something that can be done in a day. The sky screen system has not been perfected yet, the road construction has not been completed, and the basic infrastructure work has not been completed ... We will take it one step at a time!"
 Quite a few people in the hall nodded, even though they felt that Silver moon's side also needed it.
 Meanwhile, Li Hao rubbed his temples and said,""There are many things to be done. At the moment, the central region should be more peaceful and easier to deal with. As for the North ... It might be left for the last."
 Everyone frowned.
 Li Hao explained,"there are too many old fogeys over there. It's not a good time to have a big conflict with them!" Let's take down the other three continents first. Only then will we have enough energy to deal with the trouble in the North!"
 Then, Li Hao continued,"also, our Army is too small. I mean those who are loyal to us. You should have realized by now that no matter how strong you are, you can't suppress a province alone ... You need the cooperation of the Army! "There are also very few powerhouses ... With so few powerhouses, once they are scattered, it will be very dangerous. If they are gathered together, they won't be able to work ..."
 Li Hao also sighed. Now that things had come to this, he finally understood that managing a dynasty ... No, managing a central region ... No, managing a stellarsky city was very troublesome.
 If it weren't for the fact that the nine divisions had been relatively stable and the order had not completely collapsed, Li Hao felt that he might have wanted to run away.
 Wasn't it good to be a chivalrous hero?
  They were all trapped here.
 At this moment, he couldn't understand what those people who wanted to be the Emperor were thinking.
 "In a few days, Lin Hongyu will come and take charge of the stellarsky city ... Only then will I have time to deal with other things."
 Li Hao looked at the others and said,"everyone, remember one thing. At this stage, strength is still the most important!" Starting from January 1st, everyone will take turns to train underground with me. We'll take turns and try our best to prevent the outbreak of battle ..."
 Everyone nodded slightly.
 At this moment, Li Hao took out something that looked like a ruler. At this time, Yao SI's expression changed slightly as he glanced at Li Hao.
 "This is ... The heavenly Dao ruler?"
 Yao si looked at Li Hao and frowned. Dao Jian and the others disappeared after they followed Li Hao to SuperPower City. Where did they go?
 But now, the heavenly Dao ruler in Dao Jian's hand was on Li Hao's body.
 Li Hao had killed him? This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao smiled."Yes, this is the heavenly Dao ruler. I've heard of it long ago!" "I've seen and asked about this. It's a divine weapon used to select geniuses in the neo martial era. Only some top martial science universities have it. "
 "I want to use this thing in the central region to recruit new soldiers. I want to disband the Army of the old system. I want to kill those who should be killed, capture those who should be captured, disperse those who should be dispersed, and settle those who should be settled. The dynasty has tens of millions of soldiers, but the number of soldiers available is less than one-tenth!"
 "Even if we face a strong enemy and can deal with it on our own, large-scale Wars like the four border countries will still require the support of the Army. This thing has an advantage. It can determine if everyone's physique is suitable to become a super or a Martial Master ..."
 "With this, we can get twice the result with half the effort. Right now, the dynasty has no lack of people, and geniuses are hidden among them. If we can select a talented Army and train them, they will soon become an elite army!"
 Everyone nodded. After a few months of training, the new recruits were all capable. War was not a peaceful time. If they could become martial masters or supers, they could increase the degree of training and become combat-ready soldiers in a shorter time.
 "Also," Li Hao continued,"I hope that these new soldiers can learn to read and learn to read. They can also undergo some ideological education so that they can become new soldiers of the new era!"
 "Don't be like those wily old soldiers. Why would I want to disband the current Army? It's because of this that they have no sense of shame, no sense of responsibility, and no ability to distinguish between right and wrong ... If these people stay, they'll only be a disgrace to the military. Of course, we can't disband them immediately, or else tens of millions of soldiers will charge into the world ... We can slowly change them. Whether the armies listen or not, give the order to start some construction work, repair roads, bridges, and new cities ... Just don't let them idle!"
 Li Hao said a lot in one breath. In the crowd, hou Xiaochen and the others looked at him curiously. How did this guy suddenly know so much?
  There were some things that were hard to understand without experience.
 Seeing this, Li Hao smiled."Don't look at me. Many things are learned from others. For example, the puppets of Yuanping martial arts university and director Wang. Neo martial arts is still worth learning from!"
 "We don't have to copy it exactly, but the other party's advanced theory, knowledge, and technology are worth learning. Compared to neo martial arts, we have nothing to be proud of."
 "Of course, we have our own advantages," Li Hao said.
 "What?"
 The honest Tian Jian asked,"what ... Advantages do we have?"
 He really didn't feel it.
 Li Hao smiled,"our advantage is ... Youth!" This was enough! "In our young age, the youngest is no more than a hundred years old. If we encounter a neo martial artist with advanced knowledge and technology, we just have to empty their knowledge reserves and it can save us a hundred years of struggle!"
 "Therefore, we must be polite to these seniors. They know a lot. As long as they don't interfere with us, they are seniors worth learning from!"

 "Director Wang and the others can't easily appear, but the students of Yuanping martial arts university, although young, have a lot of knowledge. It's not just martial arts, but other things ... Some of them are the descendants of key figures in various departments of neo martial arts. They have their advanced management system ... So, under their influence, they know a lot. I will try my best to let them come out and develop the Silver Moon land with us!"
 Everyone nodded again, but Hong Yitang frowned slightly.""Did they agree? And ... Did that person agree?"
 Li Hao smiled,"why not?" I'll give them energy and resources. Even if I can't revive them, I can at least let them move freely ... Isn't that enough?"
 "But they're not weak. So many people came out at once ..."
 Li Hao nodded."I know. But after the new year, our strength will improve. The gap will naturally be smaller."
 Having said that, Li Hao continued,"we've taken down a big mine. The resources must be used well. Now, there are many places to eat resources!" However, you don't have to be a miser. If you don't use the resources, it will only benefit the enemy. "
 "For now, we should unify the central region first. After the new year, winter will pass, and we'll take down the southern Lord and Western Lord. We'll unite the central region first. We'll settle the internal affairs step by step. There's no hurry. We'll unite the internal and external forces ... We'll strive to unify the central region within three months!"
 "In the middle of next year, we can consider attacking the four continents ... We'll use a year to unify the Heavenly Star."
 "I'm just afraid ... It's too late!"Hou Xiaochen said in a deep voice. Although we've taken over the big mine and the second recovery seems to have been stopped, from what I know, the Silver Moon's energy is starting to spread. Recovery might automatically trigger the second recovery!"
  Li Hao also knew about this.
 Thus, he laughed."It's fine. We can still delay it for a while. Silver Moon has too many antiques, so while there's a lot of energy, it's also quickly absorbed. We can only say that there will be even more powerhouses coming to life, so no matter how much energy is released, these people will still be able to absorb it all!"
 "In the central region, there are also Fey plants with huge appetites. These Fey plants and Fey beasts are a good opportunity to delay the recovery. Two-thirds of the mine has been taken by another powerful enemy, but the other party has to recover themselves and maintain their combat strength. In addition, if the other party starts the second recovery in advance, they will also need a lot of energy and resources. It may also disrupt their own plans."
 Seeing that zhang Xuan's analysis made sense, the crowd nodded their heads once more.
 The enemy had left one-third of the mine vein for the second resuscitation, which was already a huge loss.
 Taking away two-thirds of them would probably consume a lot of their energy. If they were to use the rest for a second recovery ... They would use up all the resources, and the other party would have to consider whether it was worth it.
 Of course, if such a thing really happened, there was nothing he could do.
 At this moment, Li Hao said,"I've made all the necessary arrangements. Everyone, do your best. I'll be going into seclusion for a while. Teacher, sky sword, BA Dao, and Northern fist, seniors, come with me!"
 The few of them were surprised. Tian Jian said,"Now that we need manpower ..." He said.
 Li Hao smiled."It's fine. Seniors, you're all focused on martial arts. One less person won't make a difference."
 They were just short of saying that there was no use for them to stay.  It's not important anyway!
 "You're all martial arts fanatics. Just as well, come with me to cultivate in seclusion and study the martial Dao system.
 As for the others, like hou Xiaochen, Yao si, director Zhou, and Hong Yitang, they could all be of use. Hong Yitang also had to expand his own education system and didn't have that much time. Otherwise, it would be good for them to join.
 No one knew if Tian Jian understood, but Yuan Shuo did. He glanced at his disciple and wanted to ridicule him.
 Your teacher is omnipotent!
 Even if you give me a country, I can still manage it for you.
 But now, Li Hao was looking down on them for being useless.
 Of course, studying martial arts was not a bad idea.
 Li Hao didn't delay and continued,""The three major organizations probably have something to do. They told director Zhao to be careful and to keep an eye on them. They want to kill some strong people, but it's probably not me. I can't be sure if it's director Zhao ... It might not be, it's someone else. It's good that they're doing something, as long as they're not idle!"
 "Also, director Zhou, send people to the other three continents. There are organizations or local armies there who are unhappy with the rule of the Dukes. Give them something to do and let us rest for a while."
  "Especially in the eastern continent, Xu clan is weak. Those guys who attacked Xu clan everywhere in my banner, do something to slow down Xu clan ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Having said that, Li Hao stood up and said,"teacher, let's go to the remains to train."
 Yuan Shuo chuckled and glanced at Hong Yitang and the others.
 This was a true master and disciple!
 They turned a blind eye to it. Li Hao had made it clear that you martial artists were too useless. You could only study martial arts. Go on!
 Yuan Shuo didn't care at first and laughed, but when he saw a dog following him, he felt a little depressed.""Li Hao, this dog ... Is also going?"
 Heibao looked at him innocently.
 Why?
 "I have nothing to do. Just like you guys, I eat and sleep. Other than fighting, I don't know anything else. If you guys go and practice martial arts, I'll go too.

 Li Hao coughed and said,"yes, Heibao is also going to train ..."
 As soon as he said that, Tian Jian looked around, but no one knew what he was looking at.
 Northern fist and BA Dao looked at each other, feeling like they were being discriminated against.
 To put it nicely, we are very talented in martial arts, but to put it bluntly ... He thinks that we have nothing to do, so it's a good thing to drag us down to cultivate together, but why does it make us so uncomfortable?
 "Southern Fist ... Aren't you going?"
 Tian Jian said with a low voice.
 Come to think of it, aren't we a little stronger than the southern style?
 That guy was also a good-for-nothing.
 On the side, Hong Yitang said faintly,"the southern Fist is the governor of the South, the light sword is the eastern Governor, hou Xiaochen is the northern Governor, and yang Shan is the Western Governor ... They all have important things to do. The southern Fist is suppressing the unrest in the South." This man had been in the royal family for decades and was good at tricking others. He could speak human words and ghost words. There was still Lord Zhennan in the South, so he could talk to Lord Zhennan. Moreover, he had saved the ninth Prince ... Perhaps he could convince Lord Zhennan to lead his Army South to the southern continent. This matter was of great importance, and the southern Fist ... Was very busy! For the light sword, it's the same as working for the Xu family for twenty years. It's the same for yang Shan ..."
 "So ... You're the only ones who have more free time!"
  Don't call it southern style!
 He was a very busy man now. He had to suppress the South, recruit the night watchers, and negotiate with the Duke of the South. He was busier than anyone else, and his status was rising.
 I thought it was in the past?  Ever since Li Hao agreed to let the ninth Prince go, Southern Fist had been working hard. He was now running around the world, not as free as you guys. Look, you still don't know what he's doing!
 Tian Jian was stunned.
 As for Northern fist, he was even more surprised and shocked.""He ... Went to suppress the South?"
 Could he do it?
 That little brother of mine, other than being a gangster, can he also suppress a region?
 Li Hao coughed and laughed."He should be able to. Senior Southern Fist is very smart and has a wide circle of friends. Other than not paying for his meals a few decades ago ... He's actually not too bad. Everyone, don't keep targeting him ..."
 Everyone was helpless.
 Who was targeting him?
 However, everyone was still not used to this person standing up!
 They all felt a little sad.
 In the end, he was actually not as good as the southern Fist.
 It was really ... A waste of his life.
 Li Hao chuckled to himself. I'm just making you guys nervous and excited. Roll up!
 All of them only knew how to fight.
 He didn't know anything!
 Otherwise, I wouldn't have so many things to do and so many worries.
 "If only everyone could be like director Zhou, Lin Hongyu, and the rest. They can fight, kill, and do things. Big and small things, if they were handled properly, would I still have to be so troubled?
 I'll just throw a province to you and you can be at ease. There are 99 provinces in the world, and I'll just throw 99 people to settle it. How easy would that be?
 Li Hao walked toward the remains with a few sorrowful seniors.
 That place was rich in energy. No matter how big the commotion was, the outside world would not know. It was a good place to cultivate in seclusion.
 ……
 As Li Hao led his team into the relic, they began a new round of seclusion.
 The entire stellarsky city, the entire central region, was rapidly changing.
 Tens of thousands of supers headed for the central region. Soon, this winter, when the new year was about to arrive, a large number of them began to work, building roads and setting up the canopy.
 Countless citizens saw it.
 At this moment, the news also began to spread.
 It was said that the Barbarian Governor from the North had taken down stellarsky city and SuperPower City. He suppressed all the supers in the world and made them slaves.
 In this world, at least in the central region, at this moment, the surname was li.
 Just like that, the transformation was completed without a sound.
 At this moment, even though the central region was still in turmoil, without a leader, no one dared to show their faces. Some people were still waiting for the three major organizations to show their faces, but in the end, they waited in silence.
 The three great organizations actually didn't make any noise at all.
 It seemed to have completely disappeared!
  ……  At that moment, tens of thousands of supers gathered in a spaceship.
 There was a Crimson Moon superpower with a mask, a flying superpower with a cloak, and a Yama superpower with tattoos. Tens of thousands of supers were squeezed together in a huge spaceship that headed north in the dark.
 Behind them, there were more than one flying ship.
 On the surface of the ocean, a divine Mountain Rose and fell. It followed the Flying Ship and headed north. They crossed the North Sea and entered the Northern Territory.
 As for the central continent ... Whoever was willing to fight Li Hao at this time could go!
 In front of them, a few experts were gathered on a small spaceship.
 On the deck, Ying Hongyue looked into the distance and suddenly said,""You've been away from home for decades. Do you all ... Miss home?"
 The powerhouses beside him were silent.
 That was the direction of the Silver Moon!
 The fairy-like flying sword immortal looked on silently. Her long dress fluttered and she looked like an immortal. After a long time, she said,""Ying Hongyue, in the end, this world will still be Silvermoon's world! However, it's hard to say what your last name is. I'm also very curious if your last name is still li ... Tell me, what's your last name?"
 "What do you mean?" Ying Hongyue smiled.
 "Is your surname Li?"
 The flying sword immortal chuckled."There are too many li trees in the world. There might only be one silver Moon li tree!" It'd be more fun if it's just an internal conflict in the Li family. "
 Ying Hongyue couldn't help but laugh,"how could I have thought of this?" Why would my surname be li?"
 On the side, the taciturn Yama said coldly,""That's hard to say. Outsiders only know that the seven meridians have merged into one. What if the eight meridians have merged into one? That's interesting!"
 "Stop joking."
 Ying Hongyue appeared to be exceptionally feminine and handsome. Her smile was bright."If my surname was li, would there be anything about Li Hao?"
 The few people around him all laughed coldly and didn't say anything.
 Who knows?
 However, the reason why he thought this way was because Ying Hongyue didn't seem to attach much importance to the Li family's bloodline. At least, before this, he didn't have the desire to seize the Li family's bloodline.
 Unless ... He had one himself!
 Ying ... Ying the red moon, Silver Red Moon, Silver Moon ...
 The few of them let their thoughts run wild. They did not know if returning to the North this time was a good or bad thing.
 It had been so many years, but no one could see through Ying Hongyue.
 In the central region, the imperial family of the nine divisions, which had been regarded as a great enemy, was gone just like that. Everyone was depressed and only hoped that they could rise again and resist Li Hao after returning to the North.
 Huge spaceships crossed the North Sea.
 They had arrived at the North.
 The three great organizations that had risen in the North had once again returned to the northern lands.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Deep in the North Sea.
 In a mansion, a huge Golden Bull opened his eyes and muttered,""The forbidden Sea has started to boil. Did that brat tell us about the forbidden Sea running through the Silver Moon? it's been so many days, and there's no news at all. Bastard!"
 With that, he opened his golden eyes and looked into the distance. He mumbled,""The forbidden Sea is boiling and the main cities are coming into being. The sky is going to change. Without the suppression of the eight main cities ... Something big is going to happen sooner or later!"
 The formation of the eight main cities had been broken, and the small world reflected the main world. The main world's Forbidden Sea had also spent countless years suppressing it, and the bones of Supreme experts had fallen into it. But why did the small world's Forbidden Sea ... Also begin to boil?
  The Golden Bull was confused.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was just the power of the origin world's projection. Logically speaking, such a situation shouldn't have occurred.
 Unless ...
 It didn't dare to think too deeply.
 The situation was becoming more and more complicated. It could sense that the space outside was becoming more and more stable. Perhaps it wouldn't be long before the heaven and earth would recover without the need for the big star Mine to explode.
 ……
 In the last few days of star origin year 1730, it was drizzling in Silver City.
 It had been more than five months since the last time Li Hao experienced such rain. The last time it happened was a year and a half ago. The time taken for the continuous rain to fall in the Silver City was shortened once again.
 The people of Silver City were used to this kind of rain.
 He only felt that the last rain of the year had a strong smell of blood.

 The ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.
 The energy was rich.
 More than ten monster plants, director Wang, hei Teng, and a few other experts were all cultivating here. Li Hao didn't return to heaven battling city to revive anyone. He had been very busy these few days and didn't have time to go back.
 At this moment, there were still thousands of soldiers in the Heavenly Star Town. The five silver armored soldiers were also repairing the entire Heavenly Star Town and restarting it.
 At this moment, there were still many people cultivating here.
 Liu Long and the others were all here. The energy here was rich and suitable for them to cultivate. Li Hao had always been biased towards the first batch of demon hunters, and he had never been fair.
 However, no one said anything. Everyone was used to it.
 Under the ruins.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The Emperor guard swayed his body. He was much stronger than before, but he had not yet advanced to the undying level. Li Hao still had some undying wood with him, which he prepared to use for the advancement.
 The group of people entered the ruins and went straight to the mine vein.
  On the way, Yuan Shuo and the rest saw some powers that had disappeared.
 For example, Dao Jian and the others ...
 These people were also cultivating here. Pure cultivation of superpowers required a large amount of energy, and this place was a Holy Land for superpowers.
 Tian Jian looked around and saw that there were quite a few people.
 There seemed to be some prisoners.
 He was trapped and locked in this place.
 He knew that these people were probably brought back from the city of superpower.
 Tian Jian and the others only watched silently.
 If it had been an old pedant or an old-fashioned man, he might not have been satisfied, but Silver moon's martial masters were a bunch of commoners. In their eyes, it did not matter if the enemy was killed, imprisoned, or otherwise.
 Sometimes, these martial masters were more black-hearted than Li Hao.
 ……
 At the entrance of the mine.
 Director Wang was cultivating. Seeing Li Hao and the others, he nodded and left, as if he didn't want to have too much contact with them.
 Yuan Shuo didn't mind.
 "No rules," bei Quan muttered.
 “……”
 Li Hao glanced at him. This old man was a man of false rules. The so-called rules were rules if they were beneficial to him and not detrimental to him.
 Did he not like director Wang?
  "You didn't even tell me. After all, you were the one who transported it from Silver Moon ..."  Li Hao chuckled."We all have our own needs. He's an old senior, after all. Senior Northern fist ... Let's be polite."
 Bei Quan was deep in thought as he understood.
 Li Hao didn't say much. Old Wang hadn't been in a good mood recently, so it was normal for him to not speak. Ever since he found out some secrets, old Wang had been very depressed. Li Hao could understand him.
 Hei Teng was still training his new body, so Li Hao didn't disturb him.
 As for Li Hao himself, his divine text had been shattered recently and had yet to reform.
 When he encountered Ying Hongyue earlier, he was unable to stop her, which made Li Hao feel very regretful. He felt that if he was at his peak strength, that fellow might not have been able to escape.
 "I gathered the seniors to cultivate with me mainly to reorganize the martial Dao system ..."
 Li Hao beckoned them to sit down cross-legged, and they all took their own seats.
 At this moment, they were all looking at Li Hao seriously.
 Li Hao said,"martial arts begin from slashing ten, breaking a hundred, and fighting a thousand. Fighting a thousand is a fusion of power and officially possesses great destructive power. Hot weapons begin to lose their effectiveness. And fighting a thousand, before the revival of superpowers, had always been known as the gods of the land."
 "The appearance of force is a kind of subversion. It is also one of the biggest differences between us and the ancient civilization."
 "The tenth level is just the eruption of inner strength. When inner strength appears, it is the tenth level. When it breaks through 100, it is the release of inner strength. These are the foundations of the cultivation of inner strength, the foundation of a strong body ..."
 Everyone nodded.
 This was all basic knowledge, and Li Hao was just repeating it.
 Then, Li Hao continued,"after Qian combat, my master defined it as the accumulation of spirit. The power enters the five internal organs. This is the accumulation of spirit!" However, teacher's profound spirit is too limited ..."
 Yuan Shuo raised his eyebrows and remained silent.
 He looked at Li Hao, wanting to hear Li Hao's wise opinion. Li Hao said,""There are thousands of different types of power, but it doesn't mean there's only one. Actually, supers are also martial masters, and martial masters are supers ..."
  This time, Yuan Shuo was not happy. He frowned."You think superpowers are the same as martial masters?"
 Li Hao nodded."Superpowers. The heavens must be thick. The heavens must have power!"
 "I've said before that there are many types of Shi. To comprehend Shi through training is human Shi! To comprehend the heaven and earth is the force of the heavens ... However, the natural force that the heaven and earth give people is also a kind of force of the heavens!"
 "Earth escape, wind escape, flight, penetration, teleportation, explosion, great strength ... Are these a kind of force?"
 The few of them looked at each other. After a moment of silence, BA Dao said seriously,""I think so. It's just that these powers don't know how to use them flexibly. However, this is indeed a form of influence! The so-called "momentum" is a kind of control over the world. These people can merge with the world and become all things in nature. This is a kind of innate momentum, born with it!"
 Everyone started to think.
 Li Hao continued,"therefore, superpowers and martial masters are the same. The only difference is that superpowers don't have a deep understanding of Shi. They have an innate Shi but don't know how to use it."
 "Modern humans are equipped with super locks. In fact, Shi is sealed in the Super locks. It's an innate Shi."
 Yuan Shuo and the others only listened and didn't interrupt.
 Li Hao continued."Therefore, these two paths are ultimately connected. The only thing related is the direction they take at the beginning."

 "After the warrior dimension, the Martial Master is the spirit accumulation, and the Super is the three yang. The three yang and the spirit accumulation have little in common, but above that, the Martial Master is the spirit fusion, and the Super is the light of dawn ..."
 Yuan Shuo raised his brows,"these two aren't very similar .."
 "No!"
 Li Hao retorted,"there are many similarities between the two. Xuguang has already unlocked the superpower locks on his four limbs, while a God fusion realm Martial Master is currently saturated with the superpower locks on his four limbs. It may seem like the opposite, but in fact, they are both fully exploiting the superpower locks on his four limbs!"
 Li Hao continued."At this time, the two paths have already begun to merge. The next step is to develop the five organs. We've entered the Martial Master unlocking stage. Our superpowers have also entered the five organs development stage."
 The few of them continued listening.
 "That's why I have an idea," Li Hao continued."If a superpower's understanding of their own natural power is stimulated, then wouldn't they be pure martial masters?"
 "Of course, martial masters cultivate their hearts ... Even if you can control force, you might not be a Martial Master. But that's not important. Today, we're talking about the development and application of power ..."
 "Just tell me, what kind of conclusion do you want?" Yuan Shuo frowned.
  Li Hao laughed."The result is that the two paths are one. At the end of the day, it's still the development of the Super Lock. And the Super Lock ... Who said it was called the Super Lock?" I think it should be called a Dao Meridian!"
 A Dao Meridian?
 Everyone's heart skipped a beat.
 Li Hao continued, yes, the pulse of a great Dao! "The Masters of the new martial era think that the human tribe of the new era is very fragile. In fact, they are wrong. The human tribe of the new era is simply the darling of heaven and earth. I suspect that it has something to do with the birth of consciousness when the heaven and earth were born. If we were to talk about it, the human tribe of our era may be the first human tribe born when the heaven and earth were born. Everyone is born with the natural body of Dao!"
 The moment these words came out, the few of them simply couldn't believe it.
 The human race in this era was very fragile. Compared to the neo martial human race ... Their physical bodies were really too horrible to look at.
 However, Li Hao said that the humans of this era were more blessed than any other era.
 Li Hao continued."Strictly speaking, we can actually compare ourselves with the early martial arts era before the new martial arts era. Everyone has a great path and has the opportunity to reach a higher level!"
 "The birth of a new world caused the Dao Meridian to appear in everyone's body, sealing our potential within it. The heavens have given the humans in this era different capital and deep foundations ..."
 "A Dao Meridian ..."
 "The meridian of Dao ... Everyone has it. You mean that the meridian of Dao contains momentum and energy, and these are also the foundation of martial arts ..." Yuan Shuo muttered.
 Li Hao nodded again.
 "Therefore, the martial arts of this era is called the beginning martial arts. If it wasn't for the fact that the beginning martial arts were already occupied by the era before the new martial arts, this era might also be called the beginning martial arts era!"  Li Hao laughed."Neo martial was created many years after the development of beginner martial arts. It's no longer the first batch of humans with Dao meridians. Later generations have accumulated a lot of experience. In fact, neo martial is great and amazing! In my opinion, the beginner level should have a greater advantage. "
 No one said anything and just listened in silence.
 In the distance, there were actually people listening.
 Director Wang was listening.
 In the depths, there were also people listening. Zhang an was listening.
 The Dao Meridian was at the initial martial stage.
 ,m The human race that grew up together with the New World.  The world had its own consciousness, which gave humans more advantages in this era.
 The weakness in their eyes was a great advantage for Li Hao. Was that right?
 At this moment, even the demonic plants were listening in silence. Li Hao's voice drifted with the wind and fell into their ears. Even the Black Panther opened its eyes and stopped devouring energy, listening to Li Hao's words in silence.
 It wasn't anything profound, it was just a change of name.
 But ... It was completely different!
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com ……
 "As for the Dao Meridian, there are two ways for martial masters and superpowers to deal with it. The Martial Master extracts the energy in the Dao Meridian bit by bit and nourishes the Dao Meridian to strengthen it. As for superpowers, they use more violent means to directly extract the Dao Meridian's energy without nourishing or giving back."
 "According to the cultivation methods of the divine text, all of them can be incorporated into the divine text in the end. What are the divine texts then?" Tian Jian asked with a deep voice.
 "Divine text ... A medium for the Dao Meridian to appear in the world!"
 Li Hao laughed."Dao meridians exist naturally, but they're invisible. Force is actually a form of manifestation. Martial masters use force to manifest them, and superpowers use divine arts to manifest them. But now, we're using divine text to manifest them ... What's our advantage?"
 Li Hao continued."Its advantage is that it can't be seen. Divine arts can't be seen. It's just an application and understanding of the subconscious. Divine runes, on the other hand, can turn virtual objects into real objects! There's actually a huge benefit to this. Anything is difficult to achieve if it's only in theory, but with a real object, even if we imitate it, we can imitate it a little ... This means that we can directly apply the Dao Meridian to the martial Dao!"
 Yuan Shuo nodded. Force, divine text, and magical power were classified into the same kind of existence by Li Hao.
 The Dao Meridian contained everything.
 At this moment, Li Hao laughed. Under everyone's disbelieving gaze, the fire energy in his body suddenly disappeared. Li Hao said softly,""Everyone, use your Shi to comprehend, don't use your eyes to look!"

 Everyone closed their eyes, and Shi appeared.
 At this moment, he vaguely saw a shocking scene. Li Hao's heart was beating violently. As it beat, all the fire energy was compressed together. In the end, a fierce tiger merged into the fire energy.
 The next moment, a chain appeared.
 The broken ultra-power lock was suddenly reconstructed. Then, it disappeared, hiding in his heart, the void, and the bright star sector.
 "Did you see that?"
 "This ..." Yuan Shuo was shocked."A super Martial Master!"
 Li Hao nodded."That's right. That's why some superpowers can still become martial masters. In fact, the two are similar. They can naturally be transformed ..."
 Yuan Shuo frowned."No, no, no. That's not how they convert. How did you convert them back so easily?"
 Li Hao smiled, the bright star sector! In my opinion, the bright star sector is actually a relative universe, the final destination of every Super Lock, and also the universe of Dao. Here, super locks can enter, and so can momentum ... Here, energy conversion can be easily completed, and momentum and Super Lock can intertwine. "
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Because both are DAOs!"
 BA Dao was a little dazed. At this moment, he seemed to have thought through something, the universe of Dao.
 Force and superpower ...
 Gradually, a supernatural power appeared in his body, like mental strength. Very quickly, this power turned into pure Shi, and the Shi and supernatural power were transforming.
 He did not pass the divine text.
 After a while, a divine rune Tao Wu blade appeared in his hand!
 At this moment, the power and force had disappeared.
 "That's why," Li Hao continued,"I want to return to my original state and become an ordinary person!"
 With that, the broken super-chains were restored.
 Under everyone's shocked gazes, the superpower locks gradually recovered and merged into his five internal organs and four limbs. Then, they disappeared.
 The aura on Li Hao's body suddenly disappeared. He was just like an ordinary person.
 At this moment, even the powerhouses who were observing in secret were surprised.
 Could he really restrain himself completely ... Or could it be that Li Hao had really turned into an ordinary person?  Yuan Shuo had been watching silently for a long time before he said,""What's the benefit of returning to the original state like this, other than breath control?"
 Li Hao smiled and nodded.
 "Teacher, this way, I can start cultivating again from an ordinary person."
 Yuan Shuo frowned. Was there any meaning to it?
 Li Hao, however, stood up."Teacher, I'll demonstrate it to you. Watch carefully!"
 With that, he jumped up and down like an ape. He absorbed waves of energy and nourished his body. Suddenly, waves of inner strength overflowed and nourished his body.
 Li Hao quickly became a ten-chop realm Martial Master.
 Inner strength was born.
 Yuan Shuo still couldn't see any difference. At this moment, a superpower lock appeared in Li Hao's heart and suddenly collapsed. A line of divine text slowly emerged, and a fierce tiger gradually appeared.
 Yuan Shuo frowned, and so did the others. At this moment, they were still puzzled.
 What did this mean?
 At this moment, Li Hao wished he could pull out his heart and show it to them. Seeing that they were staring at Shi, he helplessly said,""Everyone, look not at the momentum, but the changes in the heart! When I became a ten-chop Martial Master, I broke a superpower lock. Didn't you realize that all the energy from the broken superpower lock fused with my heart through Holy prose conversion and strengthened it?"
  The few of them were stunned and observed carefully again.
 As expected, Li Hao's heart was beating very fast.
 At that moment, he was absorbing the energy from the superpower lock and his inner strength.
 Yuan Shuo frowned as he looked at it. After a long while, he said,""Inner strength ... Superpower ... You mean, if we were ordinary people, we could first practice martial arts, strengthen our inner strength, create a superpower lock, break it, become a Martial Master and a superpower, and use the Holy prose as the foundation ... Then, when we are weak, we can strengthen our five internal organs and physical body?"
 Li Hao nodded and said,"yes, interweave!" "The inner strength can nourish the body. I've discovered that the inner strength is not only naturally formed in the human body, but also contains the energy of the second universe ... When the inner strength is born, you can break the superpower lock. In the past, the superpower would engulf and devour the inner strength. However, when we use divine text to wrap the superpower and release it bit by bit, this will not happen ... The two can coexist! The shattering of the superpower lock has opened up the second layer of space, and the inner strength can absorb more energy to strengthen our bodies!"
 "A brand new cultivation method!"
 "Cultivating inner strength and superpowers at the same time ... But there's a problem. It's going to be more difficult," Yuan Shuo muttered.
 Li Hao shook his head."No, it's the opposite. It'll be easier!" As long as he could learn the method of drawing the divine text, it would be much easier. It would complement each other, making it easier to cultivate."Force" would also be naturally controlled by him. In this way, everyone would know "force"! Even if you don't know how to use force, as long as you can grasp the divine text, you can grasp force ... Force is too ethereal, and so is divine arts. Everything can be replaced by divine text!"
 Li Hao continued."In this case, people only need to know two cultivation techniques. One is the secret technique to cultivate internal strength, and the other is the secret technique to condense divine characters. With these two techniques, one can develop themselves perfectly!"

 As a cultivator, two secret skills weren't a lot.
 Yuan Shuo said in a deep voice,'does that mean that from now on, we can determine the strength of a Martial Master, or the strength of all cultivators, based on the number of divine runes? A Dao that leads directly to the Supreme road?"
 "The number is only a little!"
 "And the quality!" Li Hao explained.
 "Quality?"
 At this moment, they all looked at Li Hao. They had not felt the difference in the quality of the divine text yet.
 "The quality of the divine text is actually related to the SuperLock!"
 Li Hao continued."There are strong and weak super locks. The divine text condensed by the Super locks of different strength is different. The reason why no one felt it was because the divine text was condensed after the Super locks were saturated. In this way, the quality is not much different."
 After saying this, Li Hao smiled."After I materialized countless super locks, I could actually observe that the strength of the Super locks is completely different!"
 “……”
  Everyone listened in silence.
 Li Hao explained his thoughts.
 He had a lot of ideas, but he had not formed a complete system.
 Yuan Shuo and the others kept interjecting, asking, or adding.
 In the end, Li Hao concluded."All in all, the difference from before is that before the divine power realm, you can do dual cultivation. After reaching the divine power realm, you can do dual cultivation and complete the unity!"
 "Martial masters need to replenish their complete force, while superpowers need to internalize their power!"
 "This ..." Bei Quan felt a headache coming on."This division is still too troublesome. For many people, dual cultivation isn't a good idea ... Is there a simpler way? Be it a Martial Master or a superhuman, they all hope to be simple and stupid. "
 Li Hao was stunned.
 After thinking about it, it made sense.
 He began to think hard again.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This time, he thought for a long time.
 Ordinary people couldn't see or observe the Super Lock.
 However, the Ultra-Lock was connected to the second dimension. One Ultra-Lock was equivalent to a cave.
 And this was actually something that could be vaguely sensed.  As long as the devouring power appeared, one could still sense it if they observed it carefully. Therefore, it would be fine as long as the two spaces were connected. Five birds breathing technique!
 Then, he thought about some of the previous experiments.
 Li Hao suddenly said,"there's a very direct way. Behind each Super Lock is actually a double universe. The double universes have countless energies and are connected to the human body. A Super Lock is equivalent to a cave ... Once a secret technique is used to extract energy, a kind of devouring power can be produced."
 "If we consider this hole to be a part of the human body, we'll call it an aperture acupoint ... It's the same as the seven apertures. Every aperture is a Meridian, and every aperture is a lock. Once an aperture is cleared, there will be an obvious change in one's strength!"
 ? "Be it inner strength, qi and blood, force, or divine text ... They are all in the aperture acupoints."
 Li Hao took a deep breath and said,"there's actually another benefit to this. You can cut an ultra-power lock multiple times. For example, you can cut nine holes in one lock and extract some energy at a time. There won't be any signs of explosion. Your initial cultivation will be easier and easier to get started with!"
 "After nine holes are opened, a superpower lock will be completely unlocked and all the energy will be released ..."
 The more Li Hao spoke, the more excited he became."For example, the secret technique of five animals can actually develop five super locks including the five internal organs. However, if you open them all at once, you'll definitely die. It's also very difficult to open one. You can split one into ten holes and open one hole at a time. After opening ten holes, you'll have completely developed a Super Lock. During this period, there's a problem. It's not easy to cut it ..."
 "It's actually easy to cut them up," Yuan Shuo suddenly said."The divine text doesn't need to swallow all the locks at once and turn them into text. It can be outlined bit by bit. For example, if a lock is broken through a little, it can be outlined a little bit to block the hole of the lock!"
 Li Hao thought for a moment and nodded. He didn't say anything and tried it himself.
 He tried to open a Super Lock a little and wrote a small half of a word. In the end, he realized that it was feasible.
 Divine power characters could indeed seal up loopholes.
 Moreover, it could release energy naturally.
  Li Hao became even more excited. This meant that the path of cultivation could be completely separated.
 Domineering blade said,"not all superpower locks contain force. For example, the four-limb superpower lock. In my opinion, there are two types of DAOs. One is pure power. The other contains force and God art."
 Li Hao nodded again."Yes, but ... There's no need to distinguish between them, right?"
 "No!"
 BA Dao shook his head,"it's very necessary!" Although it will eventually be combined, during this process, it can be separated into two systems. One is specialized in cultivating the attribute-less and power-less Super Lock, which is much simpler. The other is able to cultivate the power and attribute Super Lock, which is slightly more difficult!"
 "You'd better be able to distinguish these two types of ultra-power locks ..."
 Li Hao's mind instantly exploded!
 He looked at BA Dao and grinned after a while."Senior domineering blade, you must be joking. This ... How is this possible? there are so many super locks. Do I have to sort them out one by one?"
 "Of course!"
 BA Dao said with a serious face,"you can't make a single mistake in cultivation!" Since you've come up with this new system, you have to perfect it. Find all the locks, strong or weak, and distinguish them. How many have attributes and how many don 't, where each lock corresponds to, how to open it, how to connect to the second universe, all of these ... Have to be done!"

 "Of course, we'll help too," he added.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had a splitting headache. He had only wanted to make a rough distinction, but BA Dao said ... That it wouldn't work.
 Yuan Shuo also nodded and said,"Li Hao, practicing martial arts can kill you at any time!" If you don't solve the problem now, others might not be able to solve it in the future. As the discoverer and founder, if you don't sort out the general problem, others won't be able to solve it either. "
 "Non-elemental energy can strengthen the physical body, while elemental energy can strengthen divine arts ... In this way, in the future, it can be generally divided into two cultivation paths. Those with good talent and strong divine arts can walk the path of divine arts. Those with poor talent or a bad brain can walk the path of the physical body."
 Yuan Shuo thought for a moment and said,"Shi, divine text. No matter how clear you are, there will always be people who don't understand. Some boorish people like to use their fists to hit people!"
 "No matter how much you say to them, they still don't understand. What should we do then?"
 "Then I won't cultivate the Holy prose. I'll cultivate my physical body and acupoints. I'll focus on the easy Super Lock!"
 Li Hao continued to inhale.
 This was a huge project!
  In the past few days, he had actually thought a lot, but he had not completely separated his thoughts.
 But now, the few Silver Moon martial masters were eager for him to find all the Super locks, locate them, and distinguish them one by one. F * ck, is that something a human would do?
 Just as Li Hao was hesitating, someone in the depths of the mine suddenly said,""You can conjure up all the Super locks in your body. I'll help you model them!"
 One of them stepped into the air, and hei Teng said calmly,""Build a mannequin, create something out of thin air, and locate the Ultra-Lock positions. Of course, one person may have some deviation, but the others will work together to perfect it and see if the positions are the same. First, lock the positions of all the ultra-locks!"
 At this moment, hei Teng took the initiative and said,""After locking on to it, the cultivation will be differentiated according to the differences in attributes. There are actually some rules in cultivation, and it's not a random cultivation!"
 "Perhaps, there will be some unique points in the end that can be used to determine if there are any mistakes. No matter what Dao it is, when one cultivates it, one has to follow the rules ..."
 "Director, why did you come out?" Li Hao was a little surprised.
 Zhang an said calmly,"I just feel that what you said is very interesting!" Exploring new DAOs is something that everyone wants to do. My grandfather used to love doing that ... What you're doing isn't complicated! In the past, the blood Emperor's previous incarnation, Zhan Tiandi, had tried hundreds of millions of combinations in order to combine combat techniques. He had been in seclusion for thousands of years ... You have only locked on to the position of a few super locks for the first time. Are there endless super locks? After all, there was still a number. 10000? 100,000? It's just going to take some time. "
 Li Hao shook his head."It's not time. It's energy. You have to absorb a lot of energy to fully manifest it."  "Do you lack it?"
 "My physical body isn't strong enough ..."
 "During this process, you can absorb the energy of your so-called second universe and strengthen your body at the same time."
 Li Hao couldn't help but laugh. This person was even more enthusiastic than him.
 Zhang an was very serious."This is an opportunity. You said before that the Dao Meridian is born with the consciousness of heaven and earth. Just this idea alone is very interesting. It might be true! I shouldn't have underestimated the humans of this era. Maybe you're right, you're all born with the natural Dao body!"
 "If that's the case, in this era where you're born with a natural Dao body, if you can connect the bright star sector you speak of with this era ... And break down the barrier between the two, Li Hao, you'll have a bright future!"
 At this moment, director Wang arrived and laughed,""Li Hao, aren't you going to thank your uncle-master? Uncle-master is a Heavenly King level powerhouse. If he were to model you and build a human body universe, the effect would be extraordinary! This is an extremely important opportunity for you to perfect your own system. Martial uncle was originally a teacher, so he's actually very good at teaching students. "
  Director Wang continued,"take this opportunity to build a human model of the new era. Gather a group of powerful martial masters and supers, including some special systems of supers. Perfect all the models. Just this point alone. Once it's completed ... You'll be the founder!"
 Li Hao had the conditions and opportunity to do so.
 If it was a little later, there might not be any.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao looked at hei Teng and said after a moment,""I can try. Thank you, director, but ..."
 "There's no need to say 'but',"hei Teng said indifferently." Just do what you think is right. I'm actually very curious as well. If the human race in this era really goes to the extreme, what kind of situation will it be? Will it really surpass neo martial as you said? I don't believe that neo martial artists will be surpassed by you guys. It's just the world of a small world ..."
 Li Hao laughed,'the size of the world doesn't matter. A new world is actually better, and the great Dao is more obvious. The consciousness of the world has just been born, and many things are more intuitive. After a few years, we may not have such an opportunity. "
 "It's fine as long as it's complete?"
 "Is this world complete?" hei Teng suddenly asked, deep in thought.
 On the side, director Wang spoke,"I don't know, but if we can completely cut off the connection with the origin world, then it might be complete!" But ... Have you cut it open?"

