fileno%d
o strong!
 Little tree had come out and directly used the Thearch Palace to suppress it, but it actually failed. The other party seemed to be enjoying it.
 At that moment, the coconut tree seemed to be laughing."Interesting, really interesting ... Good news, there's actually a monster plant clone ... Devouring you is even more nourishing than devouring hundreds of millions of divine power stones!"
 Yes, in its eyes, the Trump cards that Li Hao and the others had imagined were all jokes.
 This tree was his.
 I'm going to devour it!
 At this moment, a series of screams were heard. The giant tree looked to the side and saw Li Hao withdrawing his sword not far away. Just now, he didn't attack, but killed all the nearby experts of the HU clan in an instant!
 Are these people watching a monkey show?
 There were even people who wanted to take the opportunity to escape from the remains. What were they doing?
 "Li Hao!"
  The coconut tree was a little cold. Li Hao, that bastard, had killed all the HU family members. He still had use for the HU family. For example, if he killed Li Hao and the others, they could collect treasures for him when they left.
 But ... She turned around and smiled.
 After devouring this tree and the group of people in front of him, would he still need the HU family?
 It was no longer angry. At this moment, a great Dao appeared in the void once again, as if it led to the endless void. The little tree's spirit fluctuated coldly."The great Dao of origins has long disappeared. Now, it's just some of your remaining power of origins. Who can you scare by using the power of the great Dao of origins?"
 BOOM!
 The projection of the Imperial Palace appeared again and suppressed the surroundings.
 This was no longer the past. Back then, when an undying used the great Dao of origin, his battle power would increase by several times in an instant. That was truly terrifying. But now ... He was only using the remaining power of his origin.
 BOOM!
 The Imperial Palace projection clashed with the other party's great Dao of origin once again. The small tree kept retreating, and the Imperial Palace projection was also breaking. The coconut tree was extremely cold.
 No matter how weak I am, I'm not something you can covet.
 I am undying!
 "Kill!"
 At this moment, Li Hao bellowed and attacked with his sword!
 The others also used their trump cards.
 Chen Zhongtian hollered in anger and a long blade appeared on his body. The long blade sliced through the sky. Even director Zhou and the others were shocked by this blade. It even had the power to break through space.
 The long blade shone with a brilliant light that suppressed the heavens and earth.
 Coconut tree's expression turned cold."A saint's weapon?"
 This was a weapon used by a great saint in the past. It vaguely recognized it, but it couldn't remember whose it was for a moment. However, it knew that it was a saint's divine weapon, but ... The person who used it was too weak.
 It was just an attack by the instinct of the long saber. It might be a threat to ordinary paragons, but it was almost no threat to it.
 The giant tree didn't say much. Its branches turned into fists, and countless fists appeared.
 A fist suddenly appeared in front of everyone!
 BOOM!
 Director Zhou's golden body was collapsing from this punch. The spring of life quickly flowed and nourished his body, but he was still bleeding.
  Hong Yitang roared and the earth overturning sword covered the heavens and earth!  There was a loud bang!
 The divine character "sword" actually cracked, and his defense was instantly broken. Hong Yitang spurted out a mouthful of blood, and his face instantly turned pale. The other people's attacks arrived one after another, but they couldn't resist!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In the blink of an eye, the people of the southern Fist sect were sent flying, blood spurting out.
 "God-splitting!"
 Hou Xiaochen and the others roared, and the heavens and earth were torn apart. However, in the blink of an eye, the giant fist broke the spear, shattered the heavenly Sword, and even Yao SI's five elements were broken.
 Bang! Bang!
 The powerhouses were suppressed in an instant.
 It was too powerful!
 Director Zhou was also sent flying, and Chen Zhongtian's blade only left a small mark on his body.
 At this moment, everyone was extremely shocked.
 This was much stronger than a clone.
 Could he really kill it?
 The little tree had also been using the Thearch Palace to suppress the other party's great Dao of origin. Therefore, the coconut tree did not use the great Dao of origin at all. He had defeated everyone in an instant with only the power of his physical body.
 The coconut tree looked at Li Hao. Li Hao wasn't weak. He shattered the shadow of his fist with a single strike.
 But ... What could he do?
 Coconut tree laughed and said,"is this where your confidence comes from?" You will never know how strong an undying is!"
 So what if you've suppressed my origin?
 That little tree had no more energy left, and even if he didn't use his Origin Energy, these people wouldn't be able to compare.
 Looking at the divine ability users on the ground, coconut tree walked toward Li Hao and shook his head.""You're too naive!"
 Li Hao's expression was cold.
 He was really too strong!
 He had to admit that even without using the great Dao of origins, the other party's true body was still stronger than his previous avatars. This was unexpected.
  But ... Are you sure you'll win?
 Just as Li Hao was about to explode, the Black Panther, which had been silent all this time, didn't move at all, except for the initial devouring.
 But at this moment, he suddenly roared.
 "I am the Lord of the monster race!"
 At this moment, a mental fluctuation appeared indistinctly. It didn't seem to be the Black Panther's words, because the Black Panther couldn't speak, but it also seemed to be it.
 At this moment, everyone saw it.
 The Golden blood on the Black Panther's body instantly evaporated!
 In the blink of an eye, a dog seemed to have appeared above the Black Panther's head ... No, it didn't look like a dog. It was a little strange, golden all over, and seemed to have horns.
 It was a creature similar to a leopard.
 The giant tree, on the other hand, was slightly startled, and a hint of fear flashed through his eyes.

 The projection of the demon protector!
 This dog's bloodline had actually been purified to such a level. With the power of his bloodline, he had condensed the projection of the demon subduing envoy in the depths of his memory.
 The Golden creature exploded with an incredibly powerful aura that threatened all directions!
 The coconut tree was a little afraid. That was the king of the demon race.
 The king of the demon race conferred by the human King!
 Its subconsciousness told it that it could not attack, it had to submit.
 But very quickly, the mind of the coconut tree began to fluctuate wildly!
 "You died, but I'm still alive! You ... Are no longer a King tier!"
 BOOM!
 Their auras exploded and collided with each other. However, the Golden Shadow's might was still infinitely powerful as it pressed towards the tree!
  The Black Panther was also extremely weak, but it didn't care about that. Its blood continued to evaporate, and the projection of the demon subduing envoy became stronger and stronger.
 The Lord of the monster race!
 When it was time to suppress all demons.
 The coconut tree was also a demon, and as a demon, it had to be controlled. This was the legitimate Demon King conferred by the human King.
 The coconut tree roared continuously, but it was suppressed to the point of weakness. On the other side, the little tree controlled the Imperial Palace and continued to suppress its great Dao of origin.
 The others jumped up again and roared. Their swords, Spears, halberds, and divine runes exploded one after another to suppress the tree!
 The giant tree wanted to strike back, but the Black Panther roared again as its blood was almost completely drawn out.
 In the void, the Golden creature became even more distinct.
 It was as if he had walked out of his memory. A Golden Horn appeared on his head, and in an instant, the power of lightning erupted from the Golden Horn, as if it was a punishment from the heavens.
 The giant tree's eyes were filled with fear!
 BOOM!
 The lightning exploded. Boom! Boom! Boom! The giant tree kept falling back. Countless branches were blown apart. In the blink of an eye, it was attacked by other divine texts. However, it did not take long for the Golden lightning to disappear.
 Not only that, even the Golden Shadow was dissipating.
 The Black Panther fell heavily to the ground, powerless. It turned into a Black Dog, as if it had fallen unconscious.
 The blood in his body had almost been sucked dry.
 However, the demon protector's projection was only formed from his bloodline, so its power was limited. In the end, it couldn't kill the demon race undying.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The aftershock dispersed, and burn marks appeared on the golden trunk of the tree. There seemed to be some lingering fear in its eyes, but it soon smiled.
 No more?
 The king of the monster race was very strong, but this was only a mark in his bloodline. He had died long ago, while I was still alive.
 As it laughed, a sword light came towards it silently.
 At this moment, Li Hao's body exploded, and blood and flesh flew everywhere.
  His heart was shattering!  However, he had been waiting for this opportunity, an unexpected opportunity.
 He knew that it would be very difficult to fight them head-on.
 Therefore, he had only been maintaining The Power of Six elements.
 But at this moment, a fire spread out. His body couldn't withstand the power of the seven elements and was about to explode, but Li Hao didn't care. A fierce tiger appeared on the starry sky sword, and its eyes seemed extremely cold!
 Li Hao said,"when a ferocious Tiger appears, the world will be shocked."
 At this moment, there was no earth-shattering movement. Only a fierce tiger quietly appeared. On the starry sky sword, the divine characters instantly merged and collided, forming a combination. It was a long Dragon of sword intent that seemed to want to destroy the world!
 Li Hao had been observing the other party's heart of life.
 He had seen it since the battle started.
 BOOM!
 A deafening sound reverberated through the world. The starry sky sword instantly pierced the abdomen of the big tree, where the other party's heart of life was located. Li Hao saw it with this special pair of eyes, which saw through the illusionary eyes.
 That was where the source of his opponent's power was.
 BOOM!
 The powerful body exploded as the starry sky sword pierced through it. However, the next moment ... There was a clatter as the small sword stabbed into a piece of rock. A piece of crystal clear rock.
 "Squeak"
 The coconut tree shrieked in extreme pain. It looked at Li Hao in horror, but it soon turned into anger and hatred!
 Li Hao's attack did not pierce through its heart of life, but it left a crack, making it both scared and angry.
 This guy was actually hiding his strength.
 How was that possible?
 How could an existence comparable to a Paragon be born in this era? even if the other party's physical body was weak, and he was most likely not as good as a true Paragon, but ... The other party's sword intent really had the momentum of a Paragon!
 First, it was little tree. Then, it was the demon protector's projection, the saint's blade, and now, even Li Hao himself had displayed his unparalleled power. This left coconut tree terrified. If it weren't for his indestructible body, these guys might have really suffered.
  BOOM!
 A powerful force burst out from the heart of life. Li Hao's body was weak. At this moment, the shock from the small sword spread to Li Hao's body, and it instantly showed signs of collapsing.
 The powerful backlash caused his internal organs to start shattering.
 It was useless even if the Golden armor appeared. The power directly seeped into his body, and even the armor couldn't resist it.
 Coconut tree's face was cold!
 "Unfortunately, your body is too weak. Your Shi is very strong. The Shi of this era is very interesting. It can even compare to the great Dao of origins of the past, but what's the use?
 It was even weaker than the physical body of a spirit Dao cultivator.
 Just as Li Hao's face was filled with pain, a figure appeared. Director Zhou roared and his golden body gave off a bright light. A special power entered Li Hao's body!
 The imperishable substance!
 This was a power unique to golden body powerhouses. It could make a person's golden body immortal. The moment it fused with Li Hao's body, Li Hao's broken body would heal instantly, faster than the healing effects of the spring of life and sword energy.

 Li Hao, on the other hand, let out a roar and stabbed his sword in again, blood flowing out of his eyes, ears, nose, and mouth.
 BOOM!
 A crack appeared on the heart of life and was rapidly expanding. Coconut tree's expression changed. Nine transformations golden body?
 Otherwise, how could he have so much imperishable substance?
 How was it possible for a person of this era to cultivate such a golden body?
 Li Hao's body also emitted rays of golden light. His previously weak body was replenished at this moment, and his wounds almost instantly healed. Director Zhou's golden body became a little dim, and he fell to the ground. The Golden color faded, and he turned pale.
 Director Zhou's face was bitter. He was so hard to deal with!
 More than half of the imperishable substance had been consumed. Even if he survived this time, he would not be able to recover if he did not devour enough Origin Energy and the spring of life.
 "Hmph!"
 BOOM!
  The big tree once again exploded with a powerful force and punched Li Hao's head. Even at this point, it was still extremely powerful.
 "The heavens and earth are overturned!"
 At this moment, someone roared and the world was turned upside down.
 The tree's punch was instantly deflected. With a loud boom, it broke the void near Li Hao. Li Hao stabbed again. This time, he kept spitting blood, one after another!
 The small sword emitted rays of light!
 "Spatial lock!"
 At this moment, Yao si shouted. Divine runes appeared on the martial masters 'bodies and instantly gathered together, forming a huge net that locked the surrounding void. However, they were all shaken by the aftermath!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The divine runes shattered one by one, and everyone fell to the ground.
 The giant tree, on the other hand, was caught in an instant of stagnation.
 At this moment, Li Hao's Windchaser boots flickered and he instantly disappeared. Big tree's vision blurred, and the next moment, his expression suddenly changed.
 The little tree that was suppressing the great Dao of origins could not hold on much longer.
 However, his opponent's great Dao of origins was also locked in the void.
 It was suppressed by the Imperial Palace's projection!
 A powerful and boundless power of the abhijna erupted from the starry sky sword. The lifeless sword aura erupted!
 He slashed out with his sword!
 The sky cracked!
 The path that seemed to lead to the heavens was cut down by the sword. With a crack ... A section of it was broken!
 "Li Hao!"
 BOOM!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The tree roared madly. Li Hao stopped stabbing its heart of life. Instead, he disappeared with the wind-chasing boots and slashed at the great Dao. The tree suppressed it with the Imperial Palace, but the tree kept resisting. Although the great Dao of origins failed to suppress the tree, it managed to hold back the strongest expert on the scene. Coconut tree found this acceptable.  He didn't expect that Li Hao's sudden disappearance was also related to the moment when the others had entangled him.
 Just as the coconut tree was about to break through the void and kill Li Hao, a long saber suddenly appeared. It was as if a Saint had emerged and slashed out!
 Bang! Bang!
 The tree took a step back and Chen Zhongtian suffered a huge backlash. Instantly, the long blade dimmed and the divine weapons in Chen Zhongtian's body exploded. They were all heaven-grade divine weapons!
 The Super locks on his body exploded one after another. He looked at Li Hao helplessly.
 I'm so miserable!
 'It's all up to you now. If you can't kill him ... Then there's really no other way. If you don't die, I'll become some divine rune powerhouse this time, right?'
 The divine weapons that protected the Super Lock were all destroyed in an instant. With the Super Lock broken, he could no longer become a Martial Master.
 Drops of the spring of life emerged from his body, protecting his exploding internal organs.
 Chen Zhongtian fell to the ground with blood flowing out of his body. However, he revealed a smile."You won't pass it on to me ... If I survive this time, and you survive as well, will you pass it on?"
 At this moment, Li Hao roared and slashed again!
 Kachaa!
 In the void, the great Dao once again broke. Li Hao suddenly turned around and reached out his hand. A long saber fell into his hand."Secretary Chen, lend me your saber!"
 "Alright ..."
 Chen Zhongtian barely responded and gave up his control of the long blade. In fact, it was hard to control it. Moreover, the long blade's power had been exhausted and it was useless now. It needed to be recovered.
 Why did Li Hao want to borrow a knife?
 As he was thinking, he suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, and his connection with the long saber disappeared instantly. Li Hao no longer hacked at the great Dao. Instead, he pierced the long saber with his sword, and the starry sky sword absorbed the long saber crazily.
 The long saber struggled violently, and a human figure seemed to appear. However, it sensed something and the shadow above the long saber gradually dissipated. A faint voice seemed to come,""Unlucky, you only know how to eat other people's divine weapons ..."
 Obviously, the long blade shadow recognized the starry sky sword, the sword of the sword Saint!
 As a Sage's weapon, it was very spiritual.
  However, at this moment, he had no choice but to let the starry sky sword devour this saint's weapon.
 The starry sky sword shone brightly!
 In an instant, a bright radiance appeared.
 This was the divine weapon that Li Hao had devoured the most. The starry sky sword seemed to be extremely satisfied. In an instant, an extremely powerful and murderous sword intent appeared, and it slashed out again!
 Kachaa!
 The sky was torn apart and the void was shattered. The little tree was shocked and disappeared instantly. The Imperial Palace that fixed the great Dao also disappeared. With a loud crack, the great Dao was completely split apart!
 "Ah!"
 A scream was heard. Behind Li Hao, the coconut tree shrieked and roared madly. Its body was crumbling and countless branches were broken. To an essence Dao expert, the backlash from having their great Dao cut off in an instant could sometimes kill them.
 Fortunately, his origin Dao did not amplify his power, and the backlash was not as strong as before. Thus, he would not die instantly.
 However, in doing so, it had also suffered heavy losses, and its spirit had been destroyed.

 His mind went blank for a moment, and his vision blurred. He seemed to see a figure, and a stream of spring of life emerged from the big tree's body. It was currently surging toward the heart of life, as if it was trying to forcefully heal the heart of life that had been damaged previously.
 But at this moment, Li Hao stabbed his sword into the rock that was still exposed.
 Crack!
 The heart of life had completely cracked!
 The giant tree transformed frantically, from a human to a giant tree, and then to a human, alternating continuously.
 They looked at Li Hao in disbelief!
 At this moment, a special wave emerged from its body. The coconut tree looked desperate and in disbelief. I'm going to be killed by these ants?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But the great Dao of origins had been shattered, and the heart of life had been shattered!
 It knew that it was finished.
 He had never thought that this would be the result.
  "Li Hao ..."
 The coconut tree regained its calm and looked at Li Hao coldly. Waves of energy surged out of its body one after another. It was about to self-destruct.
 It was a peerless expert!
 How could these ants kill him?
 Even if he died, these guys would be buried with him.
 Although it had betrayed the human race, it had once lived in the neo martial era. In that era, if it died, it would self-destruct. It was the consensus of almost all humans and demons to die with the enemy!
 Even if he were to die, Li Hao would be buried with him!
 Black Phoenix had warned Li Hao about this before.
 Therefore, when the opponent's energy gathered and was about to self-destruct, Li Hao roared, and a powerful devouring force overflowed from the starry sky sword.
 "Black Panther!"
 The unconscious Black Panther seemed to have heard a sound and recalled Li Hao's instructions ...
 However, at this moment, Black Panther was also very sad. Again?
 The dog would really die!
 But ... He couldn't care about that.
 A bloody mouth appeared instantly like a black hole and swallowed the big tree. The energy gathered by the big tree was swallowed by the starry sky sword and the Black Panther in the blink of an eye. The violent energy calmed down a little.
 However, the giant tree sneered. This was not enough!
 It had already returned to its tree shape. At this moment, the huge trunk was splitting open. It was about to completely explode. If an undying was destroyed, none of these people would be able to escape.
 At this moment, Li Hao closed his eyes.
 The tree thought he had given up and laughed,""Li Hao, it's your honor to die with me ..."
 BOOM!
  A loud sound rang out, and with a honglong sound, something suddenly burst out of his body. It exploded the world and shattered the trunk of a large tree. With a strike, a giant hammer hammered the world!  Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The giant tree's remaining mental energy was instantly blown apart by the hammer.
 At this moment, the shadow of the tree appeared with disbelief and unwillingness.""How could this be ..."
 Li Hao coldly looked at its shadow.
 Why wouldn't he?
 "The eight great families are one, and the Li family is the most respected. Since I dared to hand the hammer to you, I can naturally control it. I can control the wind chasing boots, so why can't I control the Hong family hammer?"
 Did he even have to ask such an idiotic question?
 You still dare to hide it in your body ... You're really courting death!
 You can't use it, so what's the point of hiding it in your body?
 Li Hao hadn't controlled this thing all this time, no matter how dangerous it was. He had been waiting for this moment. This was the real one-hit kill!
 The Hong family's hammer was used to destroy spiritual power.
 Without the control of spiritual power, how could he make the energy explode?  The Black Panther and the starry sky sword were just pretense!
 Li Hao knew that neither the starry sky sword nor the Black Panther could destroy the final power of an Undying's self-explosion. Only the godly hammer of the Hong family could destroy the opponent's spiritual power and prevent the energy from exploding!
 Fortunately, hei Teng had reminded him. Otherwise, Li Hao wouldn't have considered this at all. He also wouldn't have thought that the existences of the new martial era all fought with the intention of self-destruction.
 The shadow of the coconut tree was reflected in the sky. It was a little unwilling, but it soon felt relieved and suddenly laughed,""What a pity ..."
 What's a pity?
 Unfortunately, the world had changed.
 Otherwise, as an undying, even if he died, it would not be just this little commotion. Blood would rain from the sky and earth, paying tribute to the death of an undying.
  Unfortunately ... He could no longer go back to the past.
 Unfortunately, the times had really changed.
 It was a pity that he had died at the hands of a group of weaklings.
 Its shadow looked at Li Hao and smiled.""Are the humans ... Really so blessed? Even in this era, you can still do this ..."
 "Neo martial ... Is gone ... I'm gone too ... I've struggled for many years, but in the end, it's still like this ..."
 With a sigh and a sense of relief, the illusionary figure was completely shattered with a loud boom!
 An undying monster plant had completely fallen!
 As for Li Hao, he also fell heavily to the ground. At this moment, the small tree quickly condensed the spring of life and sprinkled it on the people lying on the ground. It also covered the broken tree in an instant, preventing the aftermath from exploding.
 Everyone was looking at the sky without blinking, as if they were thinking about something.
 They had succeeded!

 "It's nothing more than this!"
 In the ruins, someone suddenly whispered among the people lying on the ground.
 It was nothing more than this.
 It turned out that the powerhouses of the ancient civilization were not invincible. Didn't they also die?
 So what if he was undying?
 Although this Fey plant had not recovered and its source had been cut off, but ... It was dead.
 The invincible existence in their impression, the existence that no one dared to resist, wasn't he also killed by them?
 Li Hao didn't say anything.
 His body was still cracking, but the ferocious Tiger momentum and the fire character gradually disappeared. As the sword energy poured in, his body was recovering rapidly.
 Li Hao just looked at the dusky sky.
  At this moment, he suddenly laughed.
 It was as if they were all growing.
 All this time, his Shi had actually been unable to keep up with the progress of his strength, but at this moment, it was as if the shackles had been broken, and he had rapidly grown.
 In his body, be it the Tiger or the mountain, they were all growing rapidly.
 When killing monster plants, the spoils of war were actually secondary.
 Instead, it was to boost everyone's confidence!
 Force was Dao.
 The Dao originated from one's own body.
 This was the invincible momentum of the ancient people."I'm the strongest, I can 't."
 Today, everyone had the same feeling.
 We are very strong!
 We can even kill the powerhouses of the ancient civilization.
 At this moment, Huang Yu, who had been fighting on the side, suddenly said softly,""In Silver Moon, including old Zhao, we all think that only the ancient civilization can resist the second recovery!
 "What we thought was that we could use the ancient civilization to strengthen ourselves and resist the modern experts. We never thought of killing the ancient civilization experts!"
 Lying on the ground, Huang Yu revealed a smile.""Even though old Zhao is determined to defend against Silver Moon, he knows that it will be very difficult! Old Zhao probably didn't expect that we would attack the powerhouses of the ancient civilization before the second revival. "
 No one had ever thought of this.
 Whether it was the nine divisions or the royal family, even if they had other thoughts in their hearts, they would first use the power of the monster plants to rise. After the second recovery, they would break the restrictions of heaven and earth and perhaps everyone could advance. They would first compromise for the sake of the greater good.
 No one had thought of taking down the ancient civilization powerhouses first. Everyone was now relying on their strength.
 But this time, someone had done it.
 At this moment, no one cared about the spoils of war or the remains of the coconut tree. They all lay on the ground and looked up at the sky, smiling radiantly without caring about their injuries.
 They were like a group of innocent children.
 Even in the dusky sky, it was still extremely brilliant.
 At this moment, the world in their eyes was clear and bright.
 It turns out that we can really create miracles.
 So ancient civilizations aren't that scary after all. They might have absolute beings, but we've only risen for a few decades, and now we're already able to kill undyings. A crippled undying is still an undying, so why should we be so afraid?
 Was he that afraid?  Li Hao said that this battle could break the demons in one's heart, but it could also break the gods in one's heart.
 They had done it.
 Everyone seemed to be thinking about something as they lay on the ground quietly, letting the blood soak their bodies.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Waves of power were moving unhindered.
 The broken divine runes were regathering.
 Blades, Spears, swords, halberds ... All kinds of aura were sprouting. Aura came from the heart, and the stronger the person, the stronger the aura.
 Li Hao was also experiencing it in silence.
 In his body, the five types of Shi were rapidly erupting.
 The powerful force made the divine text even more powerful.
 At this moment, he seemed to have gained some new understanding. Gradually, the Golden divine text on his lungs, the origin on it, turned into a golden sun.
 The willow tree formed by the tree aura was also growing healthily.
 The mountain of earth was also turning into a mountain range.
 The sound of the waves hit the kidney in all directions.
 The Shi seemed to be cheering. Li Hao seemed to have seen a new world. He smiled. Gradually, the five elements power that had been bearing a heavy burden on his internal organs began to fade.
 The other four divine runes, under the guidance of Shi, gradually disappeared into the depths of his five internal organs and completely disappeared.
 Yes, it had disappeared.
 Like a fire, it disappeared into his internal organs and entered Li Hao's so-called double space. It was like a Super Lock that would not appear if he did not move.
 His aura rapidly declined.
 The powerful and mixed auras from before gradually left behind only the power of wind and thunder.
 To Li Hao, the strengthening of the five Forces was more important than anything else.
 At this moment, Li Hao's mind seemed to have merged with another place.
 In his daze, he seemed to see a starry sky.
 The starry sky was bright.
 The chains streaked across the sky like giant Dragons.
 Among these Dragons, there were a few freaks. A ferocious Tiger, a mountain, a wave, a willow tree ...
  Li Hao was in a daze as he looked at the starry sky in shock.
 This was ... A second layer space?
 What were those countless Dragons?
 A superpower lock?
 He couldn't believe it.
 As the five Forces entered, his mental power seemed to be drawn in as well. At this moment, Li Hao actually saw an extremely mysterious two-layer space.
 The moment Li Hao entered the mysterious space, all the Silver Moon martial masters in the surroundings looked at him.
 At this moment, Li Hao seemed to be shrouded in a layer of light.
 Looking at it again, Li Hao seemed to have transformed into a vast universe, a starry sky.
 Everyone thought that they were seeing things. Ignoring their injuries, they sat up and looked at Li Hao again. At this time, Li Hao was indeed covered in Starlight. Not only that, but his body was even exuding a faint Starlight power.

 It was similar to sword energy, but it didn't feel like it.
 Everyone held their breath and looked at each other in disbelief. What was happening?
 Advancement?
 It didn't look like it!
 After an unknown amount of time, Li Hao suddenly opened his eyes, and a starry sky seemed to appear in his eyes. He stared blankly at the sky. After a long time, Li Hao muttered,""Do you guys know how many superpower locks there are in the human body?"
 Everyone shook their heads. How would they know?
 " 14, I know," Nan Quan said with a smile."The limbs and internal organs, wind, Thunder, light, and darkness, and the head!"
 It's such a simple question, I know.
 Li Hao laughed." 14?"
 "If there are only 14," he said softly,"whether it's superpowers, martial masters, or US, doesn't that mean we can only reach 10 types of magical powers?"
  Since his limbs had no attributes, he had to remove these 4.
 His 7th element was comparable to the peak, but maybe he wouldn't experience a second transformation until his 10th element and would still be at this level.
 Didn't that mean that the limit of the current human race was the peak?
 How could that be possible?
 "Perhaps ... It's beyond everyone's imagination!" Li Hao laughed.
 Everyone looked at him. This time, Li Hao didn't say much."I just saw something, but it doesn't mean it's real." However, at this moment, he suddenly felt motivated!
 It would be interesting if each of the dragons represented a superpower lock.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But ... Could he discover it?
 Can you find these super locks?
 At this moment, someone couldn't help but say,"that ... I'm really going to explode. I'm not joking."
 Everyone looked towards the corner and saw a man lying on the ground pitifully. The blood on his body was constantly being restored by the spring of life, but it couldn't stop it. It was flowing out and looked like it was going to explode.
 Could it not explode?
 They broke all the divine weapons and the Super locks in an instant, but they didn't explode. It was because of the sapling's help in suppressing them. It had to be said that the sapling was more reliable than them at times.
 No one cared about this person ... He was only alive because little tree took care of him.
 "Old hooligan, you wish!" Nan Quan suddenly sneered.
 Everyone knew what this guy was thinking.
 Was it necessary to break all the superlocks at the last moment?
 There was, but...It wasn't as important as he had imagined. However, this person had played with his life. As expected, to be able to go from a martial arts hooligan to a chief of one of the nine divisions 80 years ago, Chen Zhongtian was really bold.
 Li Hao glanced at Chen Zhongtian and suddenly laughed,""Secretary Chen...Interesting!"
 Chen Zhongtian's face cracked as he laughed,""We have to make a living in this world. We have no choice. We're forced by life."  Li Hao said that he was interesting, and he said that he just wanted to make a living.
 "Uncle Hong ... Teach Secretary Chen how to condense Holy prose!"
 Hong Yitang laughed and didn't say much. He just looked at the old Secretary and found him very interesting. This was a gambler but he won.
 He didn't say anything and started to explain the steps to condense the Holy text to Chen Zhongtian.
 Chen Zhongtian was mesmerized. So that was the case.
 He had seen it before, and now he knew how to do it. To him, as long as he explained the key point, it wouldn't be a big problem.
 Li Hao still didn't move.
 He continued to recuperate for a while until his injuries were more or less healed. Then, he stood up and looked at the coconut tree in the distance that was wrapped by the small tree. The huge tree trunk was a little damaged.
 The heart of life was also shattered. At this moment, a stream of life slowly flowed down and was wrapped by the small tree. A part of it was used to save everyone.
 Li Hao walked forward to check. The tree was completely dead.
 However, it was still extremely sturdy.
 The spring of life was flowing in the huge trunk. It was no longer in drops, but like a small stream. At the last moment, Li Hao stopped him from healing his heart of life.
 "The idea of taking a bath in the spring of life seems to be realized!"
 Li Hao suddenly laughed and looked at little tree.""Senior tree, I can't even tell. How many drops are there?"
 "About 5000 drops!"
 The small tree replied.
 Was it a lot?
 In fact, it was not a lot. According to the small tree's condensation consumption, it was only 3000 divine power stones for one drop, which was 15 million divine power stones.
 In fact, Li Hao's team had spent more than 15 million divine power stones this time.
  During and after the great battle, they had consumed a lot of the spring of life. Moreover, they had condensed it in an emergency, so the consumption was huge.
 5000 drops could only be said to have earned back his capital.
 However, that was not the way to calculate the score. The spring of life had strengthened the body and restored vitality. Everyone present had improved, and their strength was not stagnant.
 "It's a little too little ..."
 Li Hao shook his head. Had the criminal Division only provided them with so few divine energy stones all these years?
 It was said that this man took 60000 for a drop. There were many divine-tier experts in the criminal law department, and Hu mingfa had almost reached the level of four elements. He alone had exchanged for at least 200 drops, not to mention the others.
 In total, it was normal to exchange for more than 500 drops, which would be 30 million divine energy stones. Moreover, the power in the central region was recovering, and there was energy here. These monster plants were actually recovering themselves, but the speed was not as fast.
 After 20 years, he had only stored this little bit of spring of life. It was a little too little.
 Of course, it could be considered okay.
 Li Hao sensed the overflowing Origin Energy and said with a smile,""Senior tree, director Zhou, and ... Black Panther, come and absorb the origin Energy!"

 The Black Panther that seemed to have died suddenly came back to life.
 In an instant, it rushed into the little tree's defensive barrier and swallowed it.
 He couldn't eat without it.
 And this time, it had indeed done a good job. Almost all the blood on its body had evaporated, and The Phantom image of the demon subduing envoy that had condensed had also dealt a heavy blow to the coconut tree.
 Director Zhou also smiled and didn't stand on ceremony.
 This time, he had also consumed a lot of energy. Today, after the disappearance of the great Dao of origin, it was difficult for him to improve his golden body without the replenishment of Origin Energy. This time, in order to make Li Hao's body stronger, he had also paid a large amount of the imperishable substance contained in his golden body.
 This thing could only be restored by the spring of life and Origin Energy. It could also be restored by devouring energy, but the recovery speed was so slow that it would make you despair.
 In fact, the others present could also absorb and comprehend it. Li Hao had absorbed and comprehended the little tree's origin power before, but the improvement was not obvious, and he could easily go astray.
 To maximize the benefits, it was naturally best to use these three.
 At this moment, little tree's mental energy fluctuated.""Its main body will be of great help to you! It's an undying being, and there's a large amount of imperishable substance in its body. This is a necessary part of the ancient civilization's golden body!"
  "Although it's dead, if it's given time, it might be able to recover countless years later. As long as it has enough energy, it can be resurrected. However ... At that time, a new consciousness will be born, and it might not be the same as it is now."
 Li Hao was a little surprised."You mean ... The Golden body is indestructible. The physical body can exist forever?" he asked.
 "Right!"
 The small tree explained to him,"the powerhouses of the ancient civilizations are actually almost immortal. However, the premise is that they have enough energy to support them. Otherwise, they will slowly dissipate ... Therefore, almost all of the human powerhouses have no physical bodies. Because they dissipate bit by bit, they are completely destroyed!"
 "The monster plants can survive because we have the habit of storing the spring of life. On the other hand, we are rooted in the void and can absorb some of the free energy. Even so, it consumes a lot of energy. My father couldn't hold on until the end and collapsed, leaving the last of his energy to me. I'm weak, so I can consume less energy ..."
 Li Hao nodded and looked at the huge Golden Tree.
 In other words, once they devoured the imperishable substance, everyone's physical body would become stronger?
 Although there were many things at the moment that could strengthen the body, such as vitality, sword energy, and even Li Hao's own ideas, at the current stage, it was a great thing for everyone to be able to rapidly improve their physical body.
 "How do I devour it?"
 "All of you have yet to cultivate a golden body, so it's hard to devour it. Let this director Zhou absorb it. After absorbing it, let it overflow for everyone to cultivate!"
 "I can absorb it!" Director Zhou nodded.
 Ordinary people really couldn't do it.
 Li Hao laughed."Luckily, director Zhou is here. The 200 drops of spring water of life were worth it!"
 “……”
 Director Zhou was too lazy to say anything.  "Don't lie down, everyone. Let's enjoy the feast together!"
 Li Hao laughed.
 No one was polite and they all rushed over. When Chen Zhongtian saw this, he was extremely anxious. He was still condensing divine text and his strength was strong. He could not just rely on one line. At this moment, he needed time.
 However, if the others went to absorb the legendary imperishable substance, wouldn't he have no chance?
 Thus, in the next moment, he stopped the process of condensing Holy prose and allowed the violent energy to explode in his body. He dragged his broken body and almost crawled over!
 Even if it was painful, he had to get a share.
 Li Hao and the others didn't pay attention to him. It was his ability that allowed him to climb here.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was not in a hurry to absorb it. Instead, he looked at the somewhat shriveled coconuts at the top of the tree and asked curiously,"what are the coconuts used for?"
 "This isn't a coconut. This one is called the Golden hou in the demon clan's genealogy ..." The sapling thought for a while and said.
 "Aren't they still coconuts?"
 “……”
 Little tree didn't want to argue, so he quickly said,""These coconuts have the effect of strengthening one's Foundation. As for the specific effects, I'm not sure at the moment because they might not be mature yet. It'll probably be of some use. It'll definitely strengthen the body, and perhaps it'll also strengthen the spirit ..."
 Li Hao took a look and counted. There were 42 coconuts in total.
 He stretched out his hand and tried to grab it, but to his surprise, he couldn't grab it. The starry sky sword appeared and he cut it. Only then did he manage to cut off these coconuts. He used the starry sky sword to cut one coconut.
  In an instant, a force of life emerged, revealing the milky white liquid inside.
 Li Hao dipped his finger into it and licked it.
 A faint stream of life force entered his body. Li Hao raised his hand and took a sip. The energy began to wriggle, and the divine decree that had been a little dry before actually began to recover.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This thing was better than the spring of life.
 It had the effect of strengthening one's divine intent.
 It could also strengthen the body.
 Of course, the unripe coconut tree tasted bitter, but that was not a problem. When it ripened, Li Hao would probably not get his turn. Perhaps the coconut tree would eat its own fruit.
 He then looked at the big tree. Killing the coconut tree would not only bring him so many benefits, but also its body.
 It had a powerful body. After looking at it for a while, Li Hao felt that it had an extremely strong defense. If he could compress it and use it as a shield or a stick, it would definitely be a powerful weapon.

 Or was he devoured by the small tree?
 However, on second thought, this was the little tree's limit. After devouring so many things, it should have strengthened a lot.
 "Senior tree ... Your current strength ... Has recovered to its peak, right?" he asked after some thought.
 Little tree was silent for a moment, then he said,""It should be about time after devouring the origin."
 "A true Paragon level?"
 "Yes."
 Li Hao nodded."Then is there any hope of becoming undying?"
 "This ... Is very difficult!"
 The little tree sighed."The origin Dao is gone. It can only be done if a large amount of origin is provided. This is also why the monster plants in Heavenly Star Town want to kill their way into Silver Moon. Many powerful monster plants are sleeping there."
 "Then ... If I let general Huai consume the main body of this coconut tree, will it be able to recover?"
  The little tree was somewhat helpless. In fact, it also wanted to devour.
 But after Li Hao's question, it knew that it probably had no chance, because even if it devoured, it couldn't become undying.
 However, if it was devoured by that being ... That being should be able to resurrect.
 "It should be ... Almost the same!"
 Li Hao laughed."Senior tree, don't worry. This is only the first time. There might be a second time, a third time ... Senior tree, you should first devour enough Origin Energy. When you have the hope of becoming undying, you won't be lacking in this!"
 The small tree thought for a while and agreed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This was the logic.
 He didn't say anything else.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was tempted. This tree, whose main body had been devoured, could actually revive general Huai ...
 This was an unexpected gain.
 Director Wang had said that at least 100 million divine power stones were needed. Li Hao had gained a lot recently, but he had also consumed a lot. He didn't have many divine power stones left, only 30 to 40 million.
 This was not enough.
 However, the giant tree's main body could be used as one hundred million divine power stones, which was considered recycling waste, because Li Hao and the others had almost no means to make this thing into a divine weapon.
 There was no such powerful blacksmith, nor was there such a powerful expert.
 Not everyone could use an undying body.
 Li Hao didn't say anything more, nor did he observe. Instead, he quickly sat down cross-legged and used the five birds breathing technique. A large amount of special substances poured into his body, nourishing his internal organs and body.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, began to use the secret technique of wind and thunder again.
 At this moment, he was most anxious to comprehend the power of wind lightning.
 As for the power of Thunderbolts ... He had gained some insight, which was related to the black leopard. The Phantom of the demon subduer condensed by the black leopard and the Thunderbolts erupting from its Golden Horn made Li Hao feel the power of divine punishment and destruction at that moment!
 It was as if he wanted to destroy the world!  It was a pity that it only lasted for an instant and disappeared in the next second. Otherwise, this coconut tree might have been struck to death by the heavenly punishment.
 All kinds of thoughts emerged in his mind, and he thought of the void he had seen earlier.
 At this moment, Li Hao absorbed a large amount of energy. Instead of strengthening his body, he strengthened the empty spaces around him. Gradually, small chains appeared.
 Li Hao opened his eyes with a strange look.
 In his body, the light and darkness Super Lock also appeared and was stronger than before.
 Li Hao casually threw the starry sky sword into the spring of life. The next moment, the starry sky sword absorbed it crazily, and waves of special sword energy flowed into Li Hao's body.
 Li Hao began to use his sword energy to flow in all directions according to the directions in his memory. A large amount of sword energy directly overflowed and was absorbed by the surrounding experts. Li Hao didn't care about this and continued doing so.
 Gradually, more and more ultra-power locks were formed. They were small and weak.
 It consumed a lot of energy, but it was of no help to Li Hao's improvement. He was too weak, and it was useless to break him.
 But for Li Hao, this was a process of laying down his Foundation.
 Li Hao's eyes glowed with joy.
 ? As expected, there were definitely more than 14 superlocks on the human body. He could not tell the attributes of these new superlocks or their specific functions, but ... They were the foundation for his future strength.
 He had consumed a large amount of the spring of life, which made the sapling's heart ache.
 The others also looked at Li Hao in confusion. Can you absorb that much?
 It was a waste!
 However, no one said anything. It was already a rare opportunity for them to have such a great harvest today. Besides, Li Hao, little tree, and black Panther were the main force.
 At this moment, everyone was absorbing energy madly.
 Sword energy, life force, imperishable substance ...
 It could be said that any random energy that seeped out of this place was a Supreme energy source that many people would never be able to absorb in their entire lives.
  ……
 While Li Hao and the others were cultivating.
 The end of the ruins seemed to be separated by endless darkness. It was not the end. As the darkness continued, a city appeared.
 At this moment, in a large hall, a rose-like monster plant was swaying slightly.
 Soon, she turned into a woman and looked into the distance.
 He looked towards the end of the darkness!
 The nine divisions and the royal family had a very special relationship. Or rather, the relationship between the ruins they owned was very special, just like general Huai and his auxiliary generals. There was often more than one Guardian monster plant in a city.
 In truth, heaven battling city still had 36 Guardian monster plant generals, but general Huai was the core of them.
 It was the same for Heavenly Star Town.
 The nine divisions occupied the nine important areas of Heavenly Star Town, while the core area was occupied by the imperial family. The position of the Rose was similar to that of general Huai.

 At this moment, an old man in the hall opened his eyes, feeling a little puzzled.
 One of the chains on his body suddenly broke.
 Because of this, he had just broken free of some restrictions and looked at the Rose.""Venerable one, is there another commotion outside? That old man was killed?"
 Chen Zhongtian seemed to be dead!
 The ninth Secretary had placed nine seals on him, and now, three of them had been broken. The other two were still fine, but Chen Zhongtian's one had given him a huge opportunity!
 He felt that Jiusi could no longer suppress him!
 The Rose Woman didn't say anything. She just stared into the distance for a long time before she asked suspiciously,""Maybe! Chen Zhongtian ...... The inspector bureau chief you mentioned? If I die ..."
 "Maybe he died at the police department," he said after some thought.
 "The security Department?"
 The Heavenly Star King seemed to have thought of something."The place occupied by the HU clan?"
  "Yes."
 "Why would he go there?" Heavenly Star King was surprised.
 You ask me, but who should I ask?
 Rose didn't answer, but was a little confused. Although there was a barrier and a dark place, but ... But there seemed to be a fluctuation of the great Dao collapsing just now.
 Of course, now that the great Dao of origin had disappeared, it was impossible to determine. If the great Dao had collapsed back then, it would have caused a change in the world.
 Not to that extent!
 Rose thought that she might have made a wrong judgment. Maybe that guy was killing people. The great Dao fluctuations were powerful. It seemed that the saint's weapon was still useful. Looking at the old heavenly astral King's appearance, he might have shattered the saint's weapon.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Heavenly astral King did not say anything else, but he was a little happy."Chen Zhongtian is dead. The saint's weapon should be broken and his seal is gone. Now, I don't think the two strongest seals will be able to stop me for long!"
 Rose did not say anything.
 He only continued to look at the darkness around him. The city was divided into nine directions, and all of them were vital areas. They were all important areas in the past, and there were protective monster plants there.
 After his recovery, those few fellows had also betrayed him.
 He had always wanted to open the Heavenly Star Mine, but he had been stopped many times ...
 Of course, those nine guys weren't the key.
 The most important thing was that there were still people blocking the entrance of the mine vein. It was a pity that those nine bastards were not willing to join forces with him. Otherwise ... Why would he need to do this?
 Were they worried that he would devour them?
 Rose thought to herself. The new martial arts were gone forever, and the nature of the demon race's internal strife was also prominent. Of course, it was the same for the human race. Without a powerful figure to suppress the world, they were all like this.
 They could not work together. Otherwise, they would have taken the initiative and shattered the mine. Perhaps they would have recovered completely long ago.
 A bunch of idiots!
 After cursing in his heart for a while, he looked at the heavenly astral King and sighed helplessly.
 What a pity!  Back then, he had chosen the Jiang family because he felt that they were very strong, courageous, and had his support. They would be able to quickly invade and defeat the others. Without the support of the outside world, he would be able to obtain a large amount of supplies, and he would be able to recover at the first moment and get rid of those few fellows.
 Who would have thought that this piece of trash actually lost to those nine people!
 "Break the seal as soon as possible. Now that the second revival is near, even if we don't break through the mine, we can't suppress it anymore. There's too much energy deposited, and it's about to explode!"
 "Before the second recovery, you'll still be useful. Otherwise ... You'll lose your use!"
 Rose was no longer polite and said coldly.
 The Heavenly Star King's expression changed slightly. "Don't worry, it'll be soon. Li Hao is indeed a sh * t-stirrer. Without him, I probably won't be able to unseal the seal. With him, as long as something happens to either the military law Department or the division administration Department ... I can unseal the seal!"
 It was fine as long as nothing happened. After the divine weapon was taken away, he could also break the seal by force.
 Of course, he did not dare to think too much about it.
 In fact, deep down, he was thinking that it was all because this person was unwilling to help and was afraid of the nine divine weapons 'explosion, suppressing or injuring it. Otherwise, he would have already unsealed it.
 With a divine weapon outside, it would be difficult to recover his strength.
 However, in the ruins, once they were revived, they would be very powerful. With nine of them together, even the Rose would find it difficult to withstand.
 Rose didn't care about him.
 It wasn't willing to be besieged by nine divine weapons for a piece of trash. Those divine weapons were all divine weapons of the human race. As a member of the demon race, it had rebelled and activated the will of the divine weapons. Even if it couldn't be killed, it would be severely injured.
 At that time, the nine bastards nearby might join forces to devour him.
 However, now that one of them was broken, would the Golden spine be injured?
 After thinking about it for a while, he realized that it was just a divine weapon, and the Golden kun might not be injured. Once he made a move on that guy, it would be easy for the others to join forces and deal with him.
 The Rose stopped thinking about this and disappeared in an instant. Once again, it swayed in the air.
 His line of sight, however, was cast in a certain direction.
 "The second revival is inevitable. You can't stop us even if you want to. You're already dead, so why are you so stubborn?
  ……
 At the same time.
 In the outside world, it was dawn.
 On the third day.
 When Fengyun Pavilion announced that they would release the divine power ranking today, many people were looking forward to it and waiting.
 In the inspector's office, Chen Yao's face was pale.
 He kept looking in the direction of the criminal Division, but that person never came back.
 Is He Dead?
 Was he really dead?
 He said that if he didn't come back by dawn, he would let her escape and send the others to the Division of Administration to seek protection from the Zhao family.

 But ... He was so powerful, would he die?
 At this moment, Chen Yao was a little uneasy and in a trance.
 As for the Billboard that everyone was looking forward to, he didn't care at all.
 "Men!"
 Chen Yao shouted in a low voice. Soon, someone came in. Chen Yao said in a deep voice,""I told you to call the Heavenly Star military governor's office and discuss how to deal with Fengyun Pavilion. Didn't you inform him?"
 The subordinate immediately said,"Secretary, we've informed him. However, they said that Governor li left stellarsky city with his men last night. Now, all the experts in the governor's office have left. It's said that they've discovered the whereabouts of Fengyun Pavilion ..."
 Chen Yao did not say anything.
 Fengyun Pavilion?
 No, if it was Fengyun Pavilion, his father would not let him escape before he left.
 It must be an even more terrifying existence!
  On this day, everyone knew that the experts of the governor's office had all left, including Yao si from the night patrol. They seemed to have discovered the whereabouts of Fengyun Pavilion.
 ……
 Before Li Hao's team showed up, a Billboard was published in various places and spread all over the world.
 The Billboard ranking chart was out.
 Everyone who saw it was stunned for a moment. They couldn't believe it.
 This was the result of Li Hao's careful consideration and comparison with the real rankings.
 First, Red Moon reflection, seven Sacred Arts.
 Second, the previous Heavenly Star King, Jiang Chen, had seven types of remarkable powers.
 Third, the old Secretary of the Division of Administration, seven-elemental god art!
 Fourth, the old Secretary of the military law Division, peak of the six elements.
 Fifth, Li Hao, peak of six elements.
 Sixth, the current heavenly astral King, peak of the six elements.
 ……
 Yes, Li Hao had changed a lot.
 However, he had also put himself in there. He had the power of a peak six-element cultivator.
 Many people who got their hands on this list were a little dazed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Except for a few whose strength had changed, the rest were almost all accurate.
 And among them, three of them were seven-series, which was the most shocking.
 Wasn't it impossible to have seven elements before the second awakening?
 In an instant, both Super City and flying Yama were shocked. Three seven-elemental?
 ……
 Red Moon headquarters.
 Ying Hongyue also received the list at the first moment. She furrowed her brows slightly and didn't say anything.
 Fengyun Pavilion...What's going on?
 Everyone thought that Li Hao would take first place. Even if it was not accurate, it would still be Li Hao. Otherwise, there was no need for the other party to make a scene at the opening of the star military governor's office.
 ? But now?
 There were indeed a few Silver Moon martial masters on the list, including Yao si and the others.
 But ... Why was he first?
 Seven elements!
 Ying Hongyue's eyes flashed with a hint of gloominess. Her hidden strength had actually been exposed. How was this possible? could it be that the other party really had the powerful book of wind and cloud?
 'Damn it!'
 At this moment, a red cloak appeared and said,""Congratulations leader Ying for being the number one person in Silver Moon with seven divine abilities!"
 "It seems like chief Ying still has some special methods that I'm not aware of," she said with a chuckle.
 Ying Hongyue frowned."This list is a complete mess. Fengyun Pavilion is just targeting me!"
 He still didn't understand why they were targeting him.
 Thinking of this, his eyes flickered,'could it be ... Related to you? The other party was not targeting me, but they knew of your existence. Otherwise, why would he place me in first place for no reason?"  As soon as these words came out, the red-cloaked man also fell into deep thought.
 That was true.
 Previously, the two sides didn't have much interaction, and Hongyue didn't have much enmity towards Fengyun Pavilion. On the other hand, Li Hao had made up his mind to destroy the other party, and now he placed Ying Hongyue first. Wasn't this a joke?
 The red-cloaked man was also puzzled. After a long time, he said,""I'm not sure ... Fengyun Pavilion ... We don't know much about it. It's mysterious. I thought it might be those people ... Now it seems that it's not the case. Is it really the inheritance of Daoist Fengyun?"
 "I'll get someone to investigate it in detail. You'll have to be more careful these days!"
 With that, the red cloak disappeared.
 Ying Hongyue furrowed her brows slightly. She picked up the list and looked at it from top to bottom. Then, she furrowed her brows again. This list ... Silver Moon had many people on it, and it seemed as if they were targeting Silver Moon. However ... What the hell was this?
 Li Hao wasn't even in the top three!
 He, the imperial family, and the nine divisions were publicly acknowledged as the three strongest forces. Was he playing around by listing the three of them out?
 Who didn't know that the three strongest people in everyone's hearts were them!
 Of course, to the others, it was just a confirmation of the news and further verification of the authenticity of the list.
 "Bastard!"
 Ying Hongyue, who had been calm all this time, also frowned. This list was strange. She didn't know what Fengyun Pavilion was doing. Did they want to offend the three of them and encircle and annihilate them?
 ……
 At the same time.
 In a ruin.
 A loud noise also came from Fengyun Pavilion, and a cold voice said,""Why is this so?"
 The moment the list was released, they knew that something was wrong.
 Many people did not appear, and the order had changed.
 Director Zhou didn't appear, and director Zhao's ranking dropped a lot. Yao si, Hong Yitang, and the others were all here, but they were all after the 20s ... Li Hao changed the list, and there were 50 people.
 It was as if he was targeting Ying Hongyue.
 Although Ying Hongyue was indeed number one in their actual ranking list, she was still the top student.
 However, this was not the result they wanted.
 "Pavilion master ... We ... We don't know either. We gave the list to that Wu guy ..."
 "Bastard!"
 A black shadow appeared with some anger.""Go investigate! Be careful, damn it, you messed up such a small matter!"
 Could it be that this was fake?
 Another one?
 That would really be a joke!
 The black shadow was a little angry, really angry. The distribution channel was just a small matter, and it had never gone wrong before. At the critical moment, they actually did this to him, messing up all his plans.
 "Yes!"
 People left quickly. The Fengyun Pavilion master's expression kept changing.
 Perhaps Ying Hongyue felt that he was targeting him.
 He wasn't afraid of Ying Hongyue, but there were other existences behind her, which was what gave him a headache.
 ……
  At this moment, the list was circulating everywhere.
 Very quickly, it caused a heated discussion.
 Seven elements ... And there were three seven elements at that! This made everyone nervous and shocked. How did they do it?
 Could it be that they were all hiding in the ruins to break through?
 However ... Breaking through in the remains, unless he didn't come out for a lifetime or came out after a second awakening, would be meaningless. On the contrary, it would cause his side to lose a top powerhouse to hold the fort.
 Or did he have other means?
 As for Li Hao's six-element peak, everyone was also shocked, but it was nothing compared to the three seven-element experts.
 As for the authenticity of the list ... Some people thought it was true because their strength was accurate.
 "Fengyun Pavilion...Which side are you on? This time, they're not targeting Li Hao, but these three parties?"
 The large group of people were all at a loss.

