fileno%d
as shocked!
 The next moment, director Wang appeared. At this moment, there was no need for Li Hao to cover it. The moment the Redwood was shocked, it felt a hand on its trunk."Yo, you're still here!"
 "It's you, right?"director Wang laughed.
 The Redwood tree quickly turned into a human figure. He looked at director Wang and was stunned for a while. He was in disbelief and stammered,"Director ... Director Wang?"
 "You still recognize me?"
 Director Wang laughed."I was wondering whose territory it was. So it's yours."
 "Wang ... How could director Wang ..."
 "He didn't die?"
 Director Wang laughed and looked around,""The other monster plants are all dead?"
 "This ... He's dead."
  At this moment, the Redwood trembled in fear, even if the other party was actually weaker than it.
 However, the moment it saw the other party's true body, it was still shocked and even terrified.
 "How did he die?" director Wang was still smiling.
 "Energy ... Exhausted ... Dead."
 "Where's the corpse?"
 "This ... This ..."
 "You ate it?"
 The Redwood trembled in fear."No... No, it's just that I'm too ... Too weak. After they died, they directly rotted. When I ... Extracted the energy, they naturally collapsed."
 "Do you know what crime it is to kill your colleagues?" director Wang said calmly. Of course, the situation was special, and it was not easy to investigate what happened back then. Now, it was no longer neo martial. However, if I remember correctly, you're a commander of the military and you're also a major General?"
 "Y-yes."
 "But the Army has an order. If you meet someone of the same rank in the main city, you will automatically be half a rank lower, right?"
 "Yes!"
 Director Wang frowned,"then why did division commander li transfer you? I heard that you have many plans. Is that true?"
 "Director, I ..."
 "Alright, don't do it again!"
 Director Wang glanced at it and said,""Don't think so highly of yourself just because you're at the peak of immortal realm. A broken peak of immortal realm expert is also a monster plant. Among the humans, monster beasts, and monster plants, monster plants are the weakest! If you dare to disobey me again, I'll kill you! Do you think I can kill you?"
 "Of course!"
 "Director!" Hong Mu hurriedly bowed."Director, you've misunderstood. I just ..."
 "Alright, that's enough!"
 Director Wang didn't want to waste time with it and said,"" 10000 heaven-battling troops are stationed here! Even if you have to use your Origin Energy, you have to help them improve. If you die, they can't die! Otherwise, don't even think about living!"
 "Also ..."
 Director Wang's expression was extremely dignified. "I'm sure you know the locations of the other eight bases. Give me the map. There's a 99% chance that the nine of you can contact each other. Don't say anything else. Do you understand?"
 Hong Mu did not dare to say a word of nonsense, he quickly condensed a map and handed it to director Wang.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Even Li Hao was stunned!
 One of them was at the peak of immortal realm, while the other was at the early stage.
 This works too?
 Director Wang nodded his head slightly."At least you know your place. You are not allowed to tell anyone about my revival. If this news is leaked, you will be the first to die!"
 "Yes!"
 The Redwood tree responded quickly.
 Director Wang nodded slightly,"that's more like it, you still have the spring of life right?" Give me 1000 drops ..."
  "Director, this ..."  "What's this? After heaven battling city is restored, I'll return it to you. Right now, we're urgently transferring resources, this is the era of military control, do you understand?"
 Hong MU's expression was as if his father had died. After a long while, he still took out a large pile of spring water of life.
 "Don't look like you're about to die. Do you think I don't know how many benefits you've taken?"
 Director Wang snorted,"you're happy that I didn't cause you any trouble for embezzling military postures. Why do you have such an expression? are you planning to rebel?"
 "I don't dare!"
 Hong Mu hurriedly replied, somewhat complaining.
 Oh my God!
 If someone in the main city really revived, how were they going to live?
 "I don't think you dare! I don't think you've reached that stage yet. I've come out this time to get rid of these guys. Once I've killed them and have enough resources, I'll return you the spring of life!"
 "Yes!"
 "Yes!" Hong Mu responded again. At this moment, in front of director Wang, he was not domineering at all.
 Director Wang didn't care about this. After a while, he said,"You can stay here and assist them. I'm going to leave first. Also, be humble and absorb less energy from the nearby area. General Huai's five descendants are recovering nearby. Take care of them."
 At this moment, the Redwood knew who had just been absorbing energy crazily.
 His head was hurting more and more!
 It's finished!
 General Huai ...
 Was heaven battling city really going to be completely restored?
 Huang Yu also came out with his Army. The place was not small. Although it was a little crowded, it was still big enough for 10000 people.
 Hearing their conversation, he did not say anything. He looked at the Redwood and bowed slightly.""Huang Yu of the Silvermoon Army is stationed here. I'll have to trouble you, senior!"
 "I wouldn't dare!"
 Hong Mu heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, this fellow was not as domineering as Li Hao, nor was he as arrogant as director Wang. However, he could do nothing to those two.
 At this moment, he could only wish that the two of them could get lost quickly.
 As for director Wang, he had no interest in staying.
 He had just come out of the ruins and didn't like this place. He immediately said,""Division commander li, let's go. We'll leave this place to them!"
 Li Hao smiled and nodded.
 The two of them walked out together, and Li Hao put away his warship.
 After they left the remains, director Wang said,""Don't give these monster plants too much face. They're just a bunch of guys who bully the weak and fear the strong."
 Li Hao nodded.
 This, he could also see it.
  However, he still laughed,"director, you're the one with the most face!."
 "A little."
 "I'm still the chief of the main city's security Department. Even if these guys are stronger than me, they're not of a higher rank than me,"director Wang laughed.
 Besides, who knew who was stronger or weaker?
 Did this guy dare to fight with him?
 Li Hao's mind was also racing. He didn't expect director Wang, who was only at the early stage of immortal realm, to be able to intimidate the Redwood tree. The neo martial humans of the past were indeed capable.
 Li Hao did not waste any time. He quickly went to the city of supers and talked with Lin Hongyu for a while. After telling her about Huang Yu, he brought director Wang and the others to stellarsky city.
 The general location of Fengyun Pavilion had been locked. Now that director Wang was here, he should gather people to deal with these guys.
 Otherwise, if the other party tried to probe their strength again, they might expose everyone's strength, and that would be troublesome.
 At this moment, Li Hao could only pray that those guys didn't know how to check their strength.

 (More than 250000 words in nine days. It's just flat. I don't feel like I've written enough passion, so I'm a little uncomfortable. My stomach has been feeling uncomfortable recently. I'll take a day off tomorrow and adjust myself. I won't write a single chapter. I'll put it at the front so that everyone can see it.)
 Li Hao returned to stellarsky city.
 At the same time.
 In a ruin.
 Darkness enveloped the land, and a ray of light appeared in the city, illuminating it.
 The city was not small.
 At this moment, in the center of the city, in the huge Hall, a touch of black appeared. With some depression and unhappiness, it said in a low voice,""Are Silver Moon and his men still loitering around?"
 "Pavilion master, he's still here!"
 Soon, a voice came from the darkness.""Not only that, the other party might have already locked onto our location. In the past few days, their search area has been getting closer and closer to the entrance of Fengyun tower!"
 "Trash!"
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The black shadow cursed in a low voice.
 He was really trash!
 It was very embarrassing.
 They had just made an official appearance when they had a bad start. There was a problem with the Billboard. Then, Li Hao's group quickly locked onto their position and removed the spies outside one by one.
 Fengyun Pavilion had been silent for many years and thought that it would shock the world when it appeared.
 Who knew that he would encounter Li Hao and then be quickly entangled by this Mad Dog?
 Yes, a Mad Dog.
 In his eyes, Li Hao was a Mad Dog that wouldn't let go once he smelled something. He didn't care about the nine divisions, the royal family, the three great organizations, or Ying Hongyue, who had a deep hatred for him.
 He had been keeping an eye on Fengyun Pavilion for the past half a month.
 From the moment the spy above was removed, he knew that this fellow had been tracking them. He didn't expect that the other party would be able to lock onto their range so quickly.
 If they were not in the ruins, they would have been dug out long ago.
 "Mad Dog!"
 The black shadow cursed in a low voice. A ray of light shone from the outside, revealing the other party's true appearance. He looked a little pale. It had been a long time since he had seen the sun. Even the ruins had light.
 He looked very young, but at this moment, he was frowning slightly, looking a little annoyed.
 Wind and cloud Pavilion ... The Billboard.
 In the past, when the Billboard was released, the world moved as soon as it was heard. Daoist Fengyun, who held the Billboard, was invincible. There were four Emperors in one sect. He thought that once the Billboard was released, his glory would continue ...
 But he died before he could succeed!  How unlucky!
 As he cursed in his heart, a look of dissatisfaction appeared on his face."Li Hao keeps pestering me. Does he really think he can't do anything to him? Where are the eight?"
 "Here!"
 Outside the hall, a group of experts shouted in low voices. There were hundreds of them.
 "Those people, if they still dare to loiter around ... Kill them all!"
 "Yes!"
 Everyone responded.
 At this moment, an old man in a black robe walked out of the hall and said softly,""Pavilion master ... Would you like to consider it? The Silver Moon Martial Master isn't weak, and neither is Li Hao. Although the Fengyun Pavilion isn't afraid of the world, it'll be advantageous to the others if they fight with him, especially Hong Yue. The power behind Hong Yue is not weak. The Fengyun Pavilion's future enemy may be Li Hao, but their biggest enemy now is Hong Yue ..."
 "No, no, no, left protector, you're wrong!"
 The young Pavilion master shook his head."Our biggest enemy now is actually Li Hao. Red Moon is our future enemy. I know that there's someone behind Red Moon. We'll deal with them after the second awakening." As for Li Hao, he's the biggest problem. He won't wait until the second awakening. After all, there are too few awakened powerhouses on Silver moon's side ... He'll cause everyone a lot of trouble before the second awakening!"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master's judgment was accurate. She didn't agree with the left protector.
 Fengyun Pavilion's three guardians, two on the left and one on the right, and one from the central court were all experts, but they didn't know Li Hao's situation.
 At this moment, an old woman walked out. She had white hair and her voice was slightly sharp."I think the pavilion master made a good example. The Silver Moon Martial Master is just a bunch of newbies. There's no need to fear him ..."
 The two protectors had different attitudes.
 In the hall, some people looked at the midgardian Guardian, who also looked very young and was a powerful woman.
 Seeing that Fengyun Pavilion master was also looking at her, the black-robed woman said softly,""Pavilion master, you can make the decision! Before that, we should activate the book of wind and cloud again to assess the strength of Silvermoon's group ..."
  "What?" the Fengyun Pavilion master frowned slightly."It's only been 20 days since the last time."
 The main thing was that it consumed a lot of energy.
 Every time he explored the area, he would consume at least a million divine power stones. Although there were many divine power stones, the consumption was huge. This time, it had not even been a month.
 He had endured it for so many days, so he wanted to check again every few days at the end of the month.
 The midgardian Guardian did not say much. The pavilion master could make the decision.
 She knew her Pavilion master's personality. It was not a good choice for the left protector to oppose his decision.
 The pavilion master had always wanted to become the second Daoist Fengyun, at least on the Silver Moon continent. He wanted to become an existence like Daoist Fengyun and rule the world. He did not like to be restricted or provoked by others.
 Li Hao had already angered him.
 It was not a good decision to reject the pavilion master's suggestion.
 The Fengyun Pavilion master nodded slightly when the woman stopped talking. She looked down at the crowd and said slowly,""Our Fengyun Pavilion has three great protectors, led by eight perfected cultivators. They have countless divine abilities. That Li Hao doesn't know what's good for him. I originally wanted to kill his arrogance on the Billboard and let the red moon, the nine divisions, and other organizations find trouble with him ... But I didn't expect him to be so ignorant and insist on provoking me ..."

 "If that's the case ... Then let's kill the chicken to warn the monkeys. Let the world know that the Fengyun Pavilion is the real ancient inheritance and is powerful beyond compare!"
 "Pavilion master is right!"
 Everyone agreed.
 The master of Fengyun Pavilion didn't say anything. She waved her hand, and the eight outside the door quickly disappeared, killing the nearby Silver Moon martial masters.
 As for being exposed ... If he didn't make a move, he would still be exposed. If he made a move, he would still be exposed.
 Outside, if Li Hao's group dared to come to the remains, they would all die.
 How hateful!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If it weren't for the fact that the second recovery hadn't started yet, Li Hao wouldn't have had the chance to be so arrogant.
 The Fengyun Pavilion master thought to herself and dismissed the crowd.
 ……
  After a while, the Fengyun Pavilion master walked to the backyard of the mansion.
 It was a towering tree that was completely snow-white.
 Unlike the other Fey plants that were golden in color, this tree was snow-white.
 "Pavilion master,"
 The tree slightly bent its huge trunk as if it was bowing. The head of the night patrolman branch had said that the monster plants here treated the Fengyun Pavilion master differently and had suspected that he was an ancient person.
 And now, this tree was indeed like that. If Li Hao saw it, he would probably be very surprised. It was rare for a monster plant to bow to a human.
 The Fengyun Pavilion master frowned. She didn't care about the big tree's attitude and said in a deep voice,""This Li Hao is improving by the day. Venerable white, do you think it's possible that this person is the reincarnation of a powerful expert?"
 Bai Shu's psyche fluctuated slightly."I don't think so. If a powerful person reincarnated, he would be like the pavilion master. He would have been living in the ruins all this time. There was only hope of his recovery 20 years ago ..."
 As soon as Bai Shu said this, the Fengyun Pavilion master said in dissatisfaction,""Don't compare me to him! Is he worthy?"
 Baishu didn't say anything.
 He sighed in his heart. Without the changes of the yin and yang in the main world, it was really not appropriate to reincarnate in a subsidiary world.
 The pavilion master in front of him was considered wise and farsighted in the new martial era.
 But now, he was a little arrogant and proud.
 After sleeping for countless years, it was unknown if it was good or bad that he had awakened.
 The wind cloud Pavilion master didn't say anything more. She frowned and said,""It's a replica of the book of wind and cloud. Why is it that I'm still using it at such a high cost? my memories tell me that it used to be very light ..."
 "Pavilion master ..." Bai Shu said softly,"the replica of the book of wind and cloud also has an owner."
 "Aren't I the master?"
 The pavilion master of Fengyun Pavilion was a little annoyed.
 Bai Shu didn't speak. After a moment of silence, he slowly said,""After all, I've reincarnated once, so I still need some time to get used to it ..."
 "Hmph!"  The Fengyun Pavilion master was a little dissatisfied. Although it was his old self, it was still his. Now that he had used it again, it had consumed a lot of his energy, which made him very annoyed.
 Otherwise, it would be more in line with his intentions to investigate every day.
 Now that he was using up millions of divine power stones, the reserve in the city was almost used up. He frowned and said,""I'm preparing to go out ... It would be best if I could make a trip to Heavenly Star Town. The energy reserves in the city are almost used up. Those trash will be used up in these few years. I want to go to the mine vein and extract some energy back ..."
 Bai Shu was somewhat speechless. Why did he suddenly have such a thought?
 "Pavilion master, it's best not to. The space is unstable now ..."
 "I know, but with the book of wind and cloud, how can a mere space cut hurt me?"
 "Pavilion master, the treasure mirror is not that compatible with you yet ..." Bai Shu advised earnestly.
 "It's this again!"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master was annoyed. It didn't fit him well!
 "My own treasure isn't that compatible with me. It'll be a joke if it gets out.
 "Don't worry, Pavilion master," Bai Shu said."When the space is stable, your strength will surge again. By then, Li Hao and Hong Yue will be nothing to be afraid of."
 "On this Silver Moon continent, other than a few people from Yuanping martial arts university, no one has a higher status than the pavilion master ..."
 Bai Shu's words were interrupted again. The young man was a little annoyed."Do they even deserve to be compared to me? Are their families as powerful as mine? I'm a member of the Hong family, with four sovereigns in my family. Even the Li family of the Saturn is not as good as my Hong family! Even the Fang family wouldn't have been able to become the master of the world if it weren't for the Hong family's help ..."
 "Pavilion master, please be careful with your words!"
 The White Tree shuddered slightly.
 "What are you afraid of?"
 Fengyun Pavilion master was also a little afraid. However, she thought of something and sneered,""It's not neo martial arts anymore. What do you have to be afraid of? besides, what I said is the truth. "
 In the neo martial era, the four sovereigns of the Hong family died together, which created the glory of neo martial. Otherwise, there would be no such thing as a glorious era of neo martial arts.
 As for the Li clan and the Jiang clan, they were nothing in his eyes.
  Baishu didn't say anything.
 At this moment, it felt more and more that the pavilion master ... Perhaps there was something wrong with her reincarnation and she shouldn't have reincarnated. Even if she had remnant mental energy, she shouldn't have ended up like this. But now, things had changed.
 This might be where the disadvantage lay.
 Although there were benefits after reincarnation, it seemed that the problem was very serious. The pavilion master actually ... Actually dared to mock the human King in public.
 This was simply ... Courting death!
 Would neo martial arts be destroyed?
 Baishu didn't think so.
 Perhaps heaven and earth were separated and it was difficult to sense now. However, once heaven and earth opened up, these words might be sensed. By then, it would not matter if the pavilion master died, but the Hong family might be implicated.
 "That human King really isn't someone you can casually provoke. Not to mention that you're just a descendant of the Hong family, even if you're the master of the Hong family, you might not be able to do anything to him. But you have to be careful when you scold him behind his back.
 If you anger the other party, what four sovereigns and five sovereigns, I'll kill them all for you!

 Of course, that shouldn't be the case. However, if the Hong family knew about this, they would kill you!
 Baishu felt even more helpless.
 However, there were some things that were hard to say.
 This person was the true master of this place, and it was only the city's Guardian. Its first mission was to protect this person and nothing else.
 Fortunately, Fengyun Pavilion master was also a little afraid, so she didn't dare to mention this again.
 He said that he wasn't afraid, but in fact, he regretted it immediately after he said it.
 He was a little fidgety and restless. He had been like this recently, and he was too lazy to discuss it with Baishu. He said impatiently,""Venerable white, give me 1000 drops of life essence, and I'll cultivate for a few days!"
 "Pavilion master ..."
 "Hurry up! I'll naturally compensate you when I take down the giant Mine!"
 "Yes."
  Baishu sighed in his heart and said nothing more. Drops of spring of life were condensed, and his body was already a little dry.
 The reserves in the city were almost used up.
 The pavilion master's consumption was too great, and sometimes he was a little extravagant. The past was the past. In the past, there were many great sage monster plants under the pavilion master, and countless monster plants below the great sage realm. Who didn't give him some face?
 However, it was different now!
 He was still squandering like this. Sometimes, just the reward alone would easily be tens or hundreds of drops. How could he not squander it all away?
 The Fengyun Pavilion master left.
 An old face appeared on the White Tree. He looked around and sighed. All these years, his other old friends had been emptied out. Now, they were silent. If he continued like this, he would soon be gone.
 He couldn't make ends meet!
 However, he couldn't refuse.
 He really hoped that the pavilion master would recover soon. Otherwise ... How could he succeed in such a situation?
 Then it would not be worth it to try so hard to reincarnate.
 ……
 In Fengyun Pavilion, Baishu was waiting for the pavilion master to mature.
 In the stellarsky city.
 Li Hao frowned slightly and looked around. He found it strange. Both the military law Division and the Division of Administration had felt some pressure, and they were not far from the Heavenly Star military governor's office.
 This time, these people were still here.
 However, it was faintly discernible, as if it came out of the ruins at one moment and went in at another. What was going on?
 Not only that, but he also felt the aura of life.
 Someone was using the spring of life in large quantities!
 In the Heavenly Star governor's office.
 Director Wang was lying on the chair, enjoying himself. He held a chicken in his left hand and a duck in his right. Li Hao frowned at him. This guy ... He was really ... Speechless.
 At this moment, there were two other puppets who were also watching from the side.
 He looked very envious!
 Director Wang smiled."I didn't expect it to be the two of you. It's been a long time. How are your parents?" Do you want to eat? If you want to eat it, ask Li Hao to prepare some. It's really good ..."
 Jiang Yingli seemed to have sniffed, but the puppet's nose didn't move. However, Li Hao seemed to have heard the sound of breathing.  "It smells so good!"
 "Isn't it fragrant? I can't eat it, but it's good to smell it. "
 Director Wang ate until his mouth was full of oil. He laughed,"how is your Managing Director?"
 "It's pretty good!"
 The two puppets were very perfunctory. Who knew if they were good or not?
 The teacher didn't say anything anyway.
 As for director Wang, they were not too familiar with him, but they had met before. At this moment, they were more enthusiastic than when they met the monster plants.
 Director Wang laughed as he ate,""Then you'll have to cooperate with Li Hao. Kill more monster plants and get more energy. Maybe you can revive your teacher. By then, you'll have everything you want to eat."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Teacher is very strong, different from director Wang. Director Wang is too weak and can be easily resuscitated. Teacher is very difficult ..."
 Li Sheng Zhang's words were so direct that director Wang almost choked to death.
 However, he was speaking the truth.
 Feeling helpless, he coughed."That's not for sure. I remember that your teacher didn't manage to step into the Heavenly King stage in the end, right? That's good ..."
 What was there to show off?
 He's much older than us and can be considered a figure of the older generation. The great sage has slipped away again.
 With sister Wang's protection, he still hadn't become a King ...
 "There's no point in telling us that. If you tell our teacher that he hasn't become a Heavenly King yet ... He'll definitely punish you. Be careful that he doesn't catch you and make you clean the toilets for a hundred years!" Jiang Yingli said.
 “……”
 She was speechless.
 Director Wang buried his head and started eating. This was also the reason why he didn't want to meet that person. Moreover ... There was no point in meeting him. Their statuses were not equal. Back then, it was the Wang family ancestor who went to meet him, not him.
 He was considered an outstanding member of the Wang family's branch family, which was why he was able to become the security Director. However, in front of that person, he had no right to say anything. He could only act arrogantly while the other party had not resurrected.
 Li Hao watched silently from the side, too lazy to care.
 At this moment, director Wang had also finished eating. He wiped his hands and looked at Li Hao."What are you looking at?"
 "Let's look at the shops next door. "
 "Oh!"
  Director Wang also looked next door and said,""Who said that the spring of life in the outside world is valuable? The guy next door is so weak, drinking the spring of life like water ... It's a waste!"
 "Director, you sensed it?"
 "Of course!"
 "As long as I want to, what can you hide from me?" director Wang laughed.
 It wasn't too much to say that he was the number one in the world now, right?
 Li Hao found it a little strange. He had sensed it too. It should be Qi Pingjiang's son, the current Secretary of the military law Division, using the spring of life. Last time, he had sensed that it was probably a four-element magical power.
 He had only been out for a few days, and the other party probably had five elements now. Was he going for six?
 What a waste!
 How much spring of life did he spend?
 The Secretary of the administrative division also felt the same way. The current Secretary of the division, Zhao huaimin, seemed to be strengthening himself.

 They were all really rich!
 Li Hao cursed in his heart. At this moment, he quickly said,""I'm going out for a bit, do you want to come with me, director Wang?"
 "Of course!"
 Nonsense, if you leave, what am I going to do?
 Li Hao quickly stood up and walked to the backyard.
 Director Wang could only follow behind. He was a little depressed, just this point made him unhappy.
 At this moment, the two puppets hurriedly caught up. They were very happy to see someone from the same generation as them. Although this fellow had tempted them with food, they were magnanimous and did not hold it against him.
 The group of people followed Li Hao into the backyard.
 Li Hao directly opened the relic and entered. Director Wang hurriedly followed.
 ……
  In the ruins.
 The small tree swayed its body as if it had sensed something. A small tree flew out from director Wang's body. In the blink of an eye, the two small trees merged together. It was very natural, and an aura rose up.
 In the blink of an eye, he was much stronger than before.
 In an instant, the clone and the main body fused together and learned of their respective experiences.
 Director Wang took a look and nodded,""My luck isn't bad. It seems like I have a chance of becoming undying. Maybe I'll be there soon. I'll get some imperishable substance and have a taste. I'll probably have a chance of becoming undying."
 Li Hao laughed,"didn't I give it to you?" There's no other way. Otherwise, the Emperor guards would have advanced. "
 As he said that, he ignored her and turned to look at Yuan Shuo.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo seemed to be wrapped in a ball of light.
 Li Hao had just returned and hadn't even had time to come in, but director Wang had already insisted on getting him some food. He had only entered because he had sensed something and heard little tree's call.
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at his teacher, who was wrapped in a bundle, and frowned.""Senior Imperial Guard, what happened to my teacher?"
 It seemed to be wrapped in a ball of light.
 "I don't know," little tree quickly said."Your teacher was cultivating well before, and I've been supplying him with some spring of life to help him cultivate. But ... Just yesterday, a lot of energy suddenly overflowed from his body, and then he began to spin a cocoon. When I sensed your return, I immediately notified you to come. "
 Li Hao frowned and looked at his teacher. What was going on?
 "Teacher ..."
 Just as he shouted, director Wang waved his hand and went forward to check. He looked down for a while, then looked at Li Hao. After thinking for a while, he said,""It's not a bad thing, but ... I'm not sure if it's a good thing. "
 "What?"
 Li Hao didn't understand. What do you mean?
 Director Wang squatted down and took a closer look. He said with uncertainty,""This cocoon seems to be a special kind of energy. Your teacher might have entered a deep level of cultivation. As for what kind of energy it is, I can't touch him right now, so I can't tell. However, I can feel that your teacher might be in a transformation stage."
 Transformation?  Li Hao was a little confused. He glanced at his teacher and said in a deep voice,""Is there any danger?"
 "It's hard to say,"
 Li Hao was depressed. You're an undying, but you can't even tell?
 Also, how did his teacher become a cocoon?
 How did he end up like this while he was cultivating?
 He also went forward to check, but did not dare to touch him rashly.
 At this moment, little tree was also a little guilty."I didn't do anything. He's already like this ..."
 Its clone had been stationed here all this time. Now that something had happened to Li Hao's teacher, it would be hard to argue if it was implicated.
 Li Hao took a deep breath."It's fine. My teacher likes to do strange things."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As he said that, he sensed that the energy in the cocoon seemed to be very complicated.
 There were all kinds of energy, including some Shi.
 Who knew what his teacher was practicing? perhaps it was an adaptation of the breathing technique of five birds?
 "Oh, right," little tree said hurriedly."Rose thorns came to investigate earlier, but I forced them to retreat."
 "That's good!"Li Hao nodded.
 At this moment, director Wang was no longer looking at Yuan Shuo. Although Yuan Shuo's condition was a little special, at this moment, he was more concerned about something else. He quickly walked to the front, where the security Department was.
 Li Hao glanced at his teacher and followed him.
 Director Wang didn't say much and headed straight to the main hall.
 p Li Hao had also seen it. It was empty.   At this moment, director Wang entered and walked to the desk in front of him. A seal appeared in his hand. It was the Black Tortoise seal. He stamped the back of the table a few times. Suddenly, the table moved and a secret room appeared.
 Li Hao was a little surprised. He didn't see or sense it before.
 Director Wang didn't think much of it. "This is the security department's Secret arrangement. In times of emergency, if there is a message left behind that can't be transmitted through other means, it can be left here and wait for the other security departments or the higher-ranking Security Department to come and find it."
 After saying that, he pushed open the door to the secret cabinet, but ... It was empty.
 "There's nothing,"Li Hao said regretfully.
 "No!"
 Director Wang was very calm."There was something, but it was taken away by someone. And the only person who can take it away is the higher-ranking Police Department. Only those who have the orders of the police department and the city Lord can take it away."
 Li Hao frowned."Why do you say that? maybe the other party really didn't leave anything behind."
 "I've already taken precautions. There's an essential item in this secret chamber, the voice recording talisman, but it's gone now. The other party took away the original recording talisman and didn't leave it behind. This means that the other party knows about the existence of this secret cabinet ..."
 "I'm confessing!"He laughed after he finished speaking.

 Of course, it would be more troublesome if he didn't take them away.
 "No!" He shook his head and sighed."One of the other seven cities must have betrayed us!"
 After saying that, he walked to the front. In front of him, a black barrier appeared.
 He reached in and grabbed, and chaos Origin Energy exploded.
 His body trembled slightly, and a black color appeared on his body. Director Wang seemed to be in pain. Very quickly, he took a deep breath."Ruthless enough! I killed them all in one go, not leaving a single one. The security Director here had undying strength, the kind that just entered, similar to me. In addition, there were six Deputy Directors, all peak level undyings. There were also more than 300 members of the security Department, all from the military. Together, they formed a formation that normal peak level undyings couldn't break! There was also an undying monster plant guarding this place ... The only one who could kill them in an instant was a great saint! A great saint made his move and killed them in an instant!"
 Then, he looked into the distance."There are nine or even more than ten such places. At least ten Supreme Saints have attacked!"
 "There's also the Heavenly Star Army. The commander is an expert with the strength of a true Saint, and he's equipped with an Army of 100000. If you want to destroy them, it'll either be a Heavenly King or many great saints ..."
 "In the land of Silver Moon, besides venerable sword, only the castellans of the eight major cities are close to the level of a Heavenly King ... But they haven't reached the level of a Heavenly King. Of course, some people may have broken through, but I don't know."
 "To be able to destroy this place in an instant ... But to leave behind an Army in the mine ..." His eyes were a little cold.
 Who did this?
  Frowning, he looked at the center of stellarsky city and Li Hao.""Li Hao, are you sure that the Vice Commander-in-Chief is still alive?"
 "I'm sure! Of course, it's the monster plant who said so. I've never been there. "
 "Alive ..."
 Was he afraid of the explosion of the mine?
 Or could it be that the other party didn't see them clearly, and as a result, the Heavenly Star Town was destroyed?
 "I want to make a trip to the big mine ..."
 He had a mission this time, which was to find out the situation.
 Now that he had entered the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town, he wanted to take a look.
 After all, the Vice Commander-in-Chief might still be alive. No matter what, he had to go and see him.
 At this time, Jiang Yingli said directly,"the other party might be left behind by a traitor. Aren't you going to die?" Even if the other was only undying back then, he had been guarding the mine all this time. Even if he was still undying, he was at least at the peak! He has even stepped into the sage Stage!"
 "We still have to go and take a look!"
 Director Wang frowned. Jiang Yingli said unhappily,"You don't have enough strength, yet you're still trying to be brave!"
 These words were too demoralizing.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Wang was a little annoyed. Li Hao interrupted,""He can't be a Saint, right? If he was a Saint, rose thorns and the rest would still dare to have designs on him. It seems like the two sides have fought before. "
 "Who knows, maybe he's ignoring the other party? After all, with the monster plants around, absorbing energy can also delay the time of the giant mine's expansion and explosion. "
 Alright, that makes sense.
 Li Hao glanced at director Wang. You just came out, are you going to die?  Even if they are only at the peak of immortal realm, you are only at the early stage.
 Most importantly, that person might not be in a deep sleep. Perhaps he was still alive.
 This was terrifying!
 As for whether they were friends or foes, it was best to treat them as enemies now. Otherwise, there would be no chance for regret.
 Director Wang's expression was ugly.
 His heart was stabbed!
 "Why don't we wait?" Li Hao suggested."When we're stronger, I'll kill the people of Fengyun Pavilion and the monster plant. Maybe the director will become stronger after absorbing some imperishable substance or something?"
 What's there to do now!
 I'm counting on you to come out and help me do something. If you don't do anything and get killed, wouldn't I suffer a big loss?
 Director Wang didn't think much about it. After thinking about it, he nodded,""That makes sense ..."
 Of course, he didn't know Li Hao's thoughts, or he would have been furious.
 So, you're so sure that I'll be killed?
 As he said this, he suddenly looked outside the barrier and laughed,""This is getting interesting."
 "What?"
 "I feel like I've sensed something ... Rose thorns might want to make a move."
 Li Hao was stunned. Director Wang closed his eyes and sensed."I have this feeling. There seems to be some movement in the commander's office. They might want to activate some formation ... Forget it, it doesn't matter. There might be something interesting to watch."
  Li Hao was a little confused.
 He thought of the people who had been constantly devouring the spring of life and was moved."Director, you mean ... Rose thorns might want to steal the mine?"
 Director Wang nodded."Ordinary people can't sense it, but we can still sense it when the formation is activated. Most cities have two or three sets of formations." One is activated by the military, one is activated by the city Lord's mansion, one is activated by the monster Plant Guardian ... There's some movement now, you'll know when you look at the ground. "
 Li Hao looked down, but he saw nothing.
 However, after his eyes turned blood-red, Li Hao's eyes flickered as if he saw some energy patterns. Was this ... A formation?
 Director Wang judged for a moment."The energy is not enough. It will take time to activate it. From the looks of it, The Guardian monster plant should be able to activate it successfully. However, can the commander's office ... Be activated?"
 "They have a master!"
 Li Hao thought of something and hurriedly said.
 "Then there's a chance!"
 At this point, he thought to himself,"in that case, it's possible that the Vice Commander-in-Chief has become a great sage. Otherwise, rose thorns is actually not weak. With the addition of the other monster plants and the activation of the array ... It's interesting to be so careful."

 After saying that, he smiled."It's such a coincidence. I'm here. Otherwise, there wouldn't be such a show to watch."
 Li Hao instantly had a headache.
 These people wanted to snatch the mine?
 But ... I was the one who prepared it!
 He had to get this thing.
 Li Hao was at a loss. Fengyun Pavilion's location had been discovered, and the imperial family and the nine divisions seemed to be cooperating to explore the giant Mine. What should he do?
 Li Hao felt a headache.
 "Director, how long will it take to activate the array?" he asked.
 "It's hard to say. We'll have to see if the other party's teacher can find the core of the formation and activate it ... It'll probably take a few days. It'll probably be difficult, and we'll need a lot of energy stones."
 "Master ... There's a new master in stellarsky city?" Strange!"
  He shook his head. Unless one was a direct descendant of the military, it would be very difficult to become a teacher.
 Of course, he didn't care too much about this.
 As if he thought of something, he suddenly smiled and said,""Under normal circumstances, the formation in the city requires the cooperation of all parties. Now that the other party has activated the formation ... It's actually very simple if you want to delay it."
 "What do we do?"
 "Let the Emperor guards absorb the energy around them and drain it. Don't let the other party complete the activation of the formation quickly. In order to activate the formation, the other party can only keep filling it with energy until the Emperor guards can't absorb and interfere with it. Let them absorb it for a few days and make them bleed!"
 Li Hao's heart moved. But in this case, little tree couldn't move with him.
 Forget it, who cares!
 ,m As for the mine, Li Hao was not in a hurry. There might be a great saint there. What was there to be anxious about? he would first take care of Fengyun Pavilion and get the treasure. Then, he would test his strength. In this way, he could be 100% sure of his opponent's strength before making any plans.  If that really didn't work, he would have to try and see if he could get the Managing Director out. Otherwise, Li Hao wouldn't dare to provoke a great saint.
 He knew how powerful a great saint was!
 Soon, Li Hao and little tree talked for a while. Little tree heard that it could devour energy limitlessly. It might not have been able to eat it before, but now that it had fused with its original body and became stronger, it wouldn't be a big problem to eat a little more.
 After discussing this, Li Hao walked out of the remains.
 As soon as he walked out, Liu Long rushed over and hurriedly said,""Senior sky sword sent a message. He couldn't contact you just now, so he contacted me. He said that a group of powerful black-robed men appeared near the southern mountains. They suddenly attacked the Silver Moon martial masters nearby, and some night watchers were killed. Those men were not weak. They might be from Fengyun Pavilion. They came out of their own accord!"
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly, and he snorted.
 He took the initiative to come out!
 This Fengyun Pavilion is really bold. Fortunately, I sent Tian Jian and the others there. Otherwise, there would be some trouble. But since Tian Jian said that they are not weak, they must be!
 ……
 At the same time.
 Red Moon headquarters.
 The news spread quickly, and Ying Hongyue raised her eyebrows slightly."Eight powerhouses wearing different colored armors. Interesting. The eight?"
 At this moment, the red cloak appeared and he understood.""It's actually the eight! I know the other party's background. Strange, how could it be?"
 Ying Hongyue actually had some understanding of it as well, but she didn't know as much as the red-cloaked figure. She smiled and said, "What's strange?"
 "If I remember correctly, wind cloud tower disappeared before it was destroyed. I thought it had left Silver Moon, so how did it appear again? Could it be some ruins left behind? But ... That's not right. If the other party could really detect everyone's strength, there might really be a replica of the book of wind and cloud ..."
 The red-cloaked man was confused and couldn't figure out the situation.
 "Is it a real inheritance, or did I obtain it by accident? If it's really an inheritance, it wouldn't be so hasty and not calm at all, jumping out in advance to provoke all parties, right?"
  Then, he suddenly laughed."He's fighting with Li Hao. That's a good thing. There's going to be a show. Do you want to join?"  Ying Hongyue pondered for a while and smiled."We'll go and take a look. However, we won't participate. We'll decide according to the situation!"
 The man with the red cape nodded."You still have to be careful. If the other party really has that treasure ... Once he uses it, it will be difficult for you to hide your whereabouts. However ..."
 Forget it, he was still extremely puzzled.
 He couldn't figure out the situation at the moment. If there really was a replica of the book of wind and cloud, could outsiders use it?
 As for the bloodline of the Hong family ... Silver Moon continent didn't have it, right?
 ……
 At the same time.
 The Imperial Palace.
 The heavenly astral King suddenly laughed."The wind cloud Pavilion has made their move. They sent out dozens of powerful cultivators with mystical powers. Even Tian Jian and the others are being held back. This is interesting!" No wonder they dared to rank. There are so many experts!"
 As he spoke, a small tree appeared in front of him. It was the incarnation of rose thorns.
 At this moment, rose thorns also laughed,"the heavens are helping me!" You've been worried that he'll come looking for trouble, and now he's in trouble. Inform the others to take advantage of this time to enter the ruins. As long as the formation is successfully activated and the mine is sealed, once it's successful this time ... The world will be your Jiang family 's. Our target is not the Silver Moon continent, do you understand?"
 "I know!"
 "Hehe!" The heavenly astral King laughed."What about Li Hao's side? do you want us to join in ..."
 "No need. If we interfere now and the other party gives up on Fengyun Pavilion, will you be responsible for it?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Rose thorns was a little speechless. At this time, it was better to avoid unnecessary trouble!
 Can you take it?
 Insatiable greed!
 To be able to settle the big mine was better than anything else!
 "I know."
 The heavenly astral King smiled and didn't say anything. Whatever he was thinking in his heart quickly dissipated.
 Let's see how Li Hao's team will deal with this.
 Fengyun Pavilion sent out dozens of magical powers ... They were not weak, and it was not time for them to reveal their trump cards yet. Li Hao must have gotten into big trouble this time.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao also quickly sent a message to all parties.
  "Approach the southern mountains and Southern Dipper. The experts nearby should quickly go to their aid. I can't contact senior sky sword and the others right now. Hold them back and don't let them retreat ..."
 After Li Hao finished speaking, he looked at director Wang."Director, we'll have to rely on you this time. There must be strong people in the enemy's remains. They're certain that we won't dare to enter!"
 "Don't worry!"
 Director Wang laughed."Now, I've been revived. There aren't many people I don't dare to offend. However, this Fengyun Pavilion is not one of them!"
 This was good!
 With the two puppets, Li Hao dared to risk his life even if his opponent was powerful.
 "Then Let's Move!"
 Li Hao quickly set off. This time, he didn't even bring little tree. He might have to participate in the battle, and it would be good enough if he could protect director Wang. This wasn't a journey. If someone broke his domain, it would be troublesome.
 However, Li Hao wasn't afraid. If even director Wang couldn't handle it ... He could leave the remains at any time and call for reinforcements. At the very least, he could move the Redwood and the small tree. As for the five monster plants, they hadn't recovered well yet, so they wouldn't be of much use.
 With this thought in mind, Li Hao quickly led his men toward the southern mountains.

 Nanyue.
 Fengyun Pavilion couldn't sit still anymore. Once the eight made their move, it shook the entire place.
 Almost all of them were experts at the divine power level.
 There were dozens of them, but this was not all.
 A steady stream of the eight appeared, each and every one of them extremely powerful.
 ……
 In a mountain forest.
 Nanquan sent a magical power user flying with a punch and cursed in his heart. Li Hao had told them not to reveal their strength, so they could only run now. It was fine if they encountered one or two magical powers, but if they encountered several magical powers, they could only run.
 At this moment, Nan Quan was constantly contacting the others through the bronze mirror.""How's it going on your side?"
 "There's so many of them!"
  Bei Quan's voice came from the armor."Where did Fengyun Pavilion get so many divine-tier Warriors? how much spring of life did they use?"
 All the divine powers today represented the spring of life.
 Only then would he be able to advance successfully.
 Now, the supernatural powers of the Fengyun Pavilion kept coming out, which surprised everyone. The strength of the Fengyun Pavilion could not be underestimated.
 At this moment, Hong Yitang's voice was heard again,""A big fish has appeared. It might be the leader of these people. He has at least five types of god art power and is wearing red armor. Everyone, be careful!"
 "I also have a big fish here!"
 “……”
 In all directions, everyone was communicating and quickly retreating.
 The other side had many experts.
 At this moment, Li Hao did not want them to reveal their strength because he was worried that they would kill the enemy's experts. The Fengyun Pavilion chose to test their strength, and the enemy might still be in the same state as before. Otherwise, they should understand that they would be courting death if they sent out these magical powers.
 "Stall for time! Don't let them go back, but don't kill them ... You can kill two of them, but pretend to be injured!"
 At this moment, hou Xiaochen quickly sent out a message.
 Not long after, a series of shrieks came from the distance. The people of the southern Fist sect were screaming mournfully. Streaks of blood-red light streaked across as they killed the strong enemy by force and fled in defeat!
 ……
 On a small mountain.
 A few commanders of the eight were observing the surroundings. A small mirror appeared in front of them. Seeing that some of the eight had been killed, one of them frowned, but he still nodded slightly."The Silver Moon martial masters are not weak. Almost all of them have divine abilities, but ... There are too few of them who have peak battle strength. Earth overturning sword, sky sword, and the others have the battle strength of four elements. I have to be careful."
 "Yes."
 "They are our targets. Kill them and let Li Hao know that he can't afford to offend Fengyun Pavilion!"
 "Not bad!"
 The experts looked at each other, smiled, and flew away. This time, if they didn't kill the Silver Moon martial masters, the star military governor would think that they were easy to deal with.
 In Fengyun Pavilion, although the eight were not the strongest, they were still elites.
 Out of the hundreds of eight groups, almost half of them were divine arts.  This was also the reason why Fengyun Pavilion was so confident.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If Fengyun Pavilion hadn't kept a low profile, the three major organizations wouldn't have existed.
 ……
 Just as Fengyun Pavilion was moving out from all directions, many experts also came from all over the place. However, they didn't participate in the battle. Instead, they were observing silently from other places.
 Somewhere in nandou province.
 A green-robed figure floated in.
 The sword radiance on his body flickered. He was the mysterious flying sword immortal, the flying master.
 A moment later, a vast aura rippled over. A young man landed. He was unusually calm and composed.
 Heavenly Mountain Lord!
 "Haotian!"
 The flying sword immortal's voice was cold, but he revealed a faint smile on his face. The clear sky Mountain Lord nodded slightly.
 The three major organizations and the seven divine mountains were the first to establish their forces.
 Today, the newly emerged Fengyun Pavilion and the Heavenly Star governor's office were fighting here. Everyone wanted to come and see and also investigate the strength of both sides.
 The clear sky Manor was extremely low-key, and was not as flamboyant as the three major organizations. However, the clear sky Mountain Master was perhaps the number one person among the seven great Manor Masters. For a long time, everyone had regarded him as an equal to the leaders of the three major organizations.
 At this moment, the heavenly Lord of vast sky Mountain looked into the distance. An eye seemed to have appeared in the middle of his forehead.
 It was as if he could see through the distant forest.
 With his back facing flying sword immortal, he said softly,"the Silver Moon Martial Master is still very powerful. Although Fengyun Pavilion has many divine abilities, they may not be able to gain the upper hand. However, the other party only used dozens of divine abilities ... He might not have used his full strength."
 The flying sword immortal laughed."Perhaps. But I'm more curious. When will Li Hao arrive? how strong is he now?"
 Just as he said that, vast sky Mountain Master snorted lightly.
 As if he had seen something unusual, he was about to take another look when Li Hao's voice reverberated in the distance.""Today, the Heavenly Star governor's office has come to destroy the Fengyun Pavilion. If you don't want to be the main target of the Heavenly Star military governor's office, get as far away as you can!"
 Li Hao's voice was overbearing, arrogant, and Savage.
  He was extremely arrogant!
 In the next moment, a sword ray pierced through heaven and earth. BOOM!
 Several black-armored experts of wind cloud Pavilion shot up and were directly cut into pieces by the sword light. The powerful sword essence swept in all directions.
 Flying sword immortal also frowned slightly.
 "What a strong sword intent!"
 Li Hao was getting stronger and stronger!
 The key was that this person was too overbearing.
 He drove away the onlookers as soon as he arrived. Not only that, but he also killed several experts with a single strike. Li Hao's voice once again spread out."Ying Hongyue, I know you're here. If you have the guts, then attack me now. If you don 't, then get lost. After I've dealt with Fengyun Pavilion, be careful of your dog head!"
 ……
 Nanyue, in the sky above the administration building.

 Ying Hongyue ignored everyone below. At this moment, she was standing alone on the building. As Li Hao's voice resounded, Ying Hongyue smiled.
 What an insolent fellow!
 Fengyun Pavilion...The eight had all appeared. It would not be easy to deal with Fengyun Pavilion...And the eight were all here.
 Blue Moon and purple Moon stood beside him.
 "What an arrogant fellow!" Blue moon's expression was unkind.
 According to her plan, while Fengyun Pavilion was fighting with the other party, Hongyue should have come out in full force and cooperated with Fengyun Pavilion to destroy the Heavenly Star governor's office.
 That Li Hao provoked a powerful enemy and was still so arrogant. He simply didn't know what was good for him.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao was very arrogant.
 After killing a few divine arts experts with a single sword strike, the armor sent out a message in all directions,""Surround the area, don't let anyone escape, force them back to the entrance of the ruins ..."
  His words fell, BOOM!
 A huge battle instantly broke out in the surroundings.
 Li Hao's eyes flickered. He looked around and instantly disappeared.
 In the blink of an eye, he appeared beside a small mountain.
 At this moment, there were several experts gathered here, dressed differently from the eight. They were all very powerful, each of them possessing the strength of five or six elements. The moment they saw Li Hao, their expressions changed slightly.
 Li Hao is so fast!
 This was the first reason. The second reason was that Li Hao's strength was beyond imagination. They felt that ordinary peak six-elemental creatures didn't have as strong an aura as Li Hao. It wasn't that they hadn't seen experts before, but they felt that Li Hao was very dangerous.
 "The eight?"
 Li Hao smiled."As far as I know, the eight is indeed a part of Fengyun tower. However, Fengyun tower has been gone for a long time in the land of Silver Moon. It disappeared before the eight main cities were destroyed. Where did the eight come from?"
 On the way here, director Wang had told him about the situation.
 The eight troops were indeed the troops of the wind cloud tower.
 However, Fengyun tower had disappeared before it was destroyed, or rather, it had left the Silver Moon continent on its own accord. So, why had these people appeared?
 It was just a random name?
 The expressions of the people in front of Li Hao changed slightly. Without saying anything, they immediately attacked.
 There were four leaders of the eight here.
 They were all very powerful.
 As soon as he attacked, the energy fluctuations were uniform, as if they had formed a formation that instantly enveloped Li Hao. A Blood Dragon seemed to have appeared in the void and was about to devour Li Hao.
 Li Hao instantly disappeared. When he reappeared, he struck out with his palm. With a boom, one of the guards 'armor was shattered. He vomited blood, his face pale.
 With disbelief, he said angrily,""Seven elements?"
 That was impossible!
 But if he didn't have seven elements, how could he be so powerful?
 He didn't understand, but he didn't have time to think. He quickly shouted,""Retreat!"
 The others did not need to say anything and quickly fled.  Li Hao didn't give chase. Instead, he slashed to the side and cut a concealed magical power in half.
 Li Hao calmly slashed again and again. In the distance, some of the fleeing experts took out a horn and blew it. Instantly, the experts of Fengyun Pavilion who had spread out from all directions gathered in one direction.
 After everyone disappeared, director Wang appeared out of thin air and frowned,""Interesting. These guys know the eight division imprisonment array. There were only four of them just now, so it wasn't very effective on you. If there were eight of them, you'd know. Even if they only had five or six elements, they could still trap you!"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 He was an expert of seven elements.
 Director Wang frowned,"looking at this, will we meet an old friend?."
 "Let's go!" He looked at Li Hao and said,"continue chasing and force these guys back."
 Li Hao nodded and quickly sent a message.
 Soon, a large number of experts began to chase after him. As for the experts who were watching from further away, they were far away. Li Hao didn't bother to care about them. His top priority was to deal with Fengyun Pavilion.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Soon, experts gathered around Li Hao.
 ……
 Hong Yitang floated over and frowned slightly.""The other party is just testing the waters, and so many experts have come. There might be even more experts in their base. It's not good to provoke them."
 Li Hao nodded.
 "Let's not care about that for now. We'll force them back first. Also, everyone, keep your Holy prose hidden. Don't reveal it so easily. We don't want those guys outside to see something."
 "Yes!"
 Everyone responded.
 At this moment, almost all the forces of the Heavenly Star military governor's office were gathered here. Except for Chen Zhongtian, Yao si, and a few others who were not here and were holding the fort in Heavenly Star City, the rest had all rushed here.
 ? This time, Li Hao's goal was to capture all of Fengyun Pavilion in one fell swoop, not giving them a chance to escape.
 Soon, everyone followed Li Hao and arrived.
 ……
 At the entrance of a cave.
 The commanders of the eight troops felt somewhat sullen and uncomfortable. Someone said in a low voice,""Let's go back and report that Li Hao is extremely powerful. I'm afraid he's close to the seven-element level, or even truly stepped into it ..."
  "Yes!"
 Very quickly, someone entered the light circle behind.
 In the underground ruins.
 A ring of light appeared.
 Several experts were guarding this place. When they sensed someone entering, they quickly opened their eyes and looked over. When they saw that it was a member of the eight, they retracted the energy in their hands.
 "Report! Li Hao has already arrived, and he's very powerful. He killed many of the eight magical powers, and we're no match for him ..."
 Before he finished his words, the Fengyun Pavilion master in a black robe appeared.
 He coldly looked out of the circle of light."You're fast. The last time I checked, that guy had a life force at the peak of the six elements. It's normal that you can't beat him."
 Even though he said that, he was still a little unhappy.
 He had wanted to teach them a lesson, but he was forced to retreat.

 Li Hao had come really quickly.
 The eight were too slow, and they weren't able to quickly take care of the nearby Silver Moon Martial Master.
 The Fengyun Pavilion master frowned."Damn it! It's a pity that I can't get out. Otherwise ..."
 He felt a little regretful.
 There were disadvantages to being too powerful. For example, he couldn't get out at this time. Not only him, but many experts in the Fengyun Pavilion couldn't get out either, including the three great protectors.
 This was the foundation of Fengyun Pavilion's power. It had surpassed the current world's boundary.
 Thus, in his opinion, no matter how strong those fellows outside were, there was nothing to fear. What kind of expert could they be if they were active outside?
 The true experts were all hiding in the ruins.
 "Hateful!"
 Outside, they were being chased by Li Hao's group. They couldn't leave, but Li Hao's group didn't dare to come. Thinking of this, he suddenly raised his eyebrows."Do you guys think Li Hao and the others will dare to barge in?"
  Soon, the left protector shook her head."Definitely not. Almost all relics have monster plants. It's not like Li Hao hasn't seen relics before. Of course, he knows how dangerous they are. Unless he's an idiot, he'll never come here!"
 The pavilion master of Fengyun Pavilion was still unwilling to accept the fact that she had become a joke.
 He thought that perhaps ... Li Hao, that audacious fellow, would really dare to chase after him?
 He looked at the commander of the eight who had just entered and said in a deep voice,""Can you think of a way to lure Li Hao here?"
 The commander was a little troubled, but he quickly said,""That Li Hao is extremely arrogant. There might be hope ... However, the entrance will be completely exposed ..."
 "So what!"
 The Fengyun Pavilion master didn't think so!
 Exposed?
 So what?
 At this moment, he was very annoyed with Li Hao, who was annoying.
 It would be interesting if Li Hao really dared to come in.
 "You go and think of a way to lure those people into this place. When they come in, this King will reward you heavily!"
 "Yes!"
 The eight commanders didn't dare to say much. Although they didn't think there was much hope, since the pavilion master had said so ... Then they might as well try.
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the outside world, Li Hao's eyes emitted a faint light as he looked around with his team. He was not in a hurry to chase after those people. Instead, he killed all the hidden experts in the surroundings!
 Whether they were third party spies or people from Fengyun Pavilion, Li Hao killed them all on the spot as long as they were not his own people.
 He wanted to make sure that no news of this place would spread.
 The Silver Moon elites were like hunting Falcons, sweeping in all directions. The Black Panther was also constantly shuttling through the forest, and from time to time, a series of screams could be heard. With the Black Panther around, no matter if you were flying, burrowing, or hiding, it would be hard to hide from its sense of smell.
 Gradually, the group of people gathered outside a small mountain.
 Li Hao's eyes flickered. He had already seen those balls of light.
 The person was here.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Was the entrance to Fengyun Pavilion's base here?  "There's quite a number of experts around,"hou Xiaochen said." The three major organizations might have sent people over as well, and they're in the ruins ... I'm afraid it won't be easy to get in. "
 The ruins this time were different.
 There wasn't just one monster plant. He wasn't sure what the situation was like inside. The other party had dozens of remarkable power powerhouses, and there might be even more.
 Everyone looked at Li Hao.
 Li Hao wouldn't give up now. Besides, director Wang was here. What was there to be afraid of?
 "Continue!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He led his people toward the entrance of the relic. Soon, they saw the experts gathered together.
 At this moment, a person walked out with an ugly expression.""Li Hao, our Fengyun Pavilion has nothing to do with you. On the day of the establishment of the Heavenly Star military governor's office, we have indeed disturbed you. But now that you have killed many of our magical powers, we will let this matter go!"
 After saying that, he said coldly,"behind this place is the headquarters of the Fengyun Pavilion. There is a peak monster plant inside and dozens of people with divine powers. They have not attacked yet. Do you want to fight us to the end?"
 He looked at Li Hao, appearing to be tough on the outside but weak on the inside.
 Li Hao, however, raised his eyebrows.
 A peak monster plant?
 How was that possible?
 One must know that after cultivating so many magical powers, the amount of spring of life provided was not a small amount. Under normal circumstances, it would be said to be on the stronger side. For example, great saints were also said to be on the weaker side.
 As for the people of the southern Fist, they were a little strange.
 What was there to be afraid of?
 This Fengyun Pavilion only had one peak monster plant. Did they think that everyone had not seen the world?
 Of course, everyone was a little confused.
 So weak?
 In order to deal with Fengyun Pavilion, everyone had tried their best.
 Li Hao frowned slightly. Too lazy to say anything more, he attacked with his sword!
 "Kill!"
  Everyone attacked one after another. At this moment, they were all very powerful. The members of the eight retreated one after another. Seeing that Li Hao had killed several people again, someone shouted,""Retreat, we have the peak monster plant to keep watch, these people don't dare to enter! If you dare to come, all of you will die!"
 With that, the experts quickly retreated.
 "Bring in the prohibition sign ..." Someone shouted in a low voice.
 "I know!"
 ,m Li Hao raised his eyebrows at the chaotic scene.  These guys, why are they treating it like child's play?
 As Li Hao's group approached, in the blink of an eye, seven or eight corpses were left behind. The others all retreated into the balls of light behind them and disappeared.
 In the cave, even Nan Quan couldn't help but say,""Tsk, are these guys trying to lure us in?"
 There was a peak monster plant and an entry restriction token.
 Why did it sound like he was deliberately showing weakness to lure them into the ruins?

