fileno%d
he surrounding spectators were surprised.
 The Department of Internal Affairs ... Actually didn't do anything!
 ……
 At this moment, from all directions, be it the night patrols or the Wei Wu Army, they all moved out.
 The nobles were captured again!
 In front of a King's residence.
 The current king ding Shan was wearing a Royal robe and had a cold expression. At this moment, many people had gathered in front of his Royal Mansion.
 Hu Qingfeng looked scared, but ... In the end, he gritted his teeth and roared,""King ding Shan, do you want to protect the people in your Palace? He's only the son of a general manager, and you want to resist the law?"
 King ding Shan was only silent.
 He didn't want to agree, as it would be embarrassing for him, but ... The royal family had sent him a message asking him to cooperate.
  He wanted to say,"mess around!"
 If he did that, where would the dignity of the royal family be?
 However, the person in the palace seemed to want to see this happen. He looked in the direction of the palace and sighed. Imperial brother, what are you thinking?
 The king of the plains is dead, and you didn't care about the Department of Internal Affairs. Now, someone has come to the front of the king's residence.
 Li Hao was embarrassing both the nine divisions and the imperial family.
 Must the world be in chaos?
 He didn't want this to happen. After all, they were the ones who had conquered the dynasty. It was their world. However, his brother seemed to want to overthrow it and start over again. It wasn't enough to be the ruler of the country. He even wanted to be the founder of the country!
 Otherwise, there was no way to explain all this.
 That Royal brother was not only weakening the nine divisions, but also weakening some of the power of the imperial family. Some of the powers that hoped to revive the imperial family were being weakened, because his Royal brother ... Might hope to start from scratch!
 He was really ... Ambitious!
 He didn't know if he was mocking or disappointed. He laughed at himself and looked at the extremely nervous general manager beside him. After a long time, he slowly said,""Take him out!"
 "Your Highness!"
 The loyal and devoted old steward's face was suddenly filled with horror and despair.
 King ding Shan looked at him for a long time before sending a voice transmission: "The royal family's opinion!"
 The old steward's face instantly turned pale. Had he been abandoned?
 That's true!
 The king of the plains, didn't he die just like that?
 Moreover, he was only the descendant of a servant.
 A moment later, a young man was captured. The young man looked at his father, lowered his head, and gritted his teeth, not saying anything.
 This was how it was to live under someone else's roof.
 When he was escaping, it was the Wang Residence who told him to escape. He didn't want to escape, and he didn't dare to escape.
 But the royal family said that it was fine!
 Li Hao dared to offend the royal family?
 But now ... In front of His Royal Highness, he had captured him. Who could say anything?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After being shackled, the young man turned around and looked at his father. He smiled sadly. This time ... He probably wouldn't be able to come back. After all, he was different from the others. He knew that he had committed a crime.
 Li Hao might not let him go.
 Ten days later ... Could they deal with Li Hao?
 Should he wait again?
 He had waited time and time again. The last time, he had said that he was fine. In the end, 300 heads were still hanging in North City!
 He smiled sadly and did not say anything else.
 He wanted to shout and tell Li Hao that there were no innocent nobles in the Imperial City.
  But ... He did not dare to.  Even though he knew he was going to die, he didn't dare to shout.
 "Li Hao ..."
 Li Hao, you're ruthless!
 Even if you die, probably no one will forget you. Now, it seems that ... In the vast stellarsky city, Li Hao is the one who's more interesting.
 ……
 At this moment, large numbers of Wei Wu Army and night patrols moved out from all directions.
 The nobles were arrested again!
 The streets and alleys shook the world.
 The star military governor's office had not been officially opened yet.
 Last time, everyone thought that it would end just like that, but now it seemed that ... It didn 't.
 On the long Street, someone said in a low voice,""The Department of Internal Affairs, the royal family, the Duke's residence, the Marquis's residence ... The people who ran away last time have been captured again. This time ... Will they be beheaded?"
 "I'm not sure,"
 "But ... This person is really fierce. It's only been a few days. He killed so many people last time and I thought it was over ... This ... Is the rhythm of him going all out!"
 "This time ... There won't ... There won't be another war, right?"
 "I'm not sure,"
 “……”
 The crowd whispered. Compared to last time, they were looking forward to it, but they were more nervous.
 Was this ... Really a good idea?
 They had hoped that Li Hao would take it slow, even if they were disappointed. Some of them had escaped last time, but ... Didn't he kill a bunch of nobles last time?
 The nobles had been keeping a low profile recently.
 In fact, they had seen the change and felt that it was almost time.
 Yes, it was so easy to satisfy.
 p Therefore, they thought that as long as Li Hao was there, it would serve as a deterrent.  However, Li Hao had made a comeback.
 He felt that he hadn't succeeded the last time. This time, he wanted to completely stand firm and complete the goal that he couldn't complete the last time.
 "Sky Star martial Academy ... Did you guys hear that?"
 "Yes."
 "Let the children go?"
 "This ... Is ... Is too dangerous?"
 “……”
  Everyone was whispering. Going to Sky Star Martial Arts Academy to learn martial arts?
 This was too terrifying!
 Once Li Hao died, he ... Would be punished.
 Everyone still didn't dare.
 Yes, he didn't dare.
 Even though he was looking forward to it, he didn't dare to do it.
 ……
 And at this moment, someone dared to do so.
 "I want to register at the sky Star martial Academy!" Someone shouted from a large courtyard.
 "Go, my ass! Was he going to die? "Don't think that the star military governor's office is so flamboyant right now, but ... Let me tell you, the great aristocrats have been able to stand tall for two hundred years. Do you think that the star military governor's office can suppress them? If you dare to go, I'll break your legs!"

 "Father, if I don't fight for it once, will I be like you for the rest of my life? As a small-time merchant, he pays Tributes here and there. All year round, he kneels and worships everyone he sees ..."
 "You unfilial son, I did it for you. At least we have food and clothes now. You ..."
 "This is not what I want! I just want to raise my head in an upright manner. Even if I die, I want to die with dignity!"
 "Can dignity be eaten? "It's fine if you go, but once the sky Star Martial Arts Academy is gone ... Our family might be gone too!"
 The young man was silent.
 If Li Hao was alone, he would definitely insist. But ... His father was right. If Li Hao was really annihilated, what would happen to his family?
 At this moment, such hesitation appeared all over the city.
 ……
 But at this moment, Li Hao didn't care about that.
 He was waiting in the northern courtyard.
  Deputy Director Zhou looked at him and said after a long while,"What kind of result do you want?"
 "You want them to kill me?" Li Hao smiled.
 Director Zhou nodded his head.
 You're just hoping that everyone won't kill you, forcing them to kill you.
 Otherwise, why would he do this?
 Li Hao laughed again."Last time, they waited until the last day. If I don't do anything this time, they might have to wait until that day. There's no need!" It's not my idea to wait. "
 Of course, Jiu Si was also afraid that he would not be able to kill him.
 After all, he had the wind-chasing boots.
 The being in the ruins couldn't come out either, so what could he do if he wanted to kill him?
 A relic!
 Only by luring Li Hao into the relic could he kill Li Hao with the least cost. Li Hao thought about it and decided that this was the only way. Coincidentally, another relic was about to open!
 He was worried for Jiusi, so how could he lure him in?
 How could he let his guard down?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had already thought of the other party's path!
 However, even Li Hao himself had a headache during this process. How could the nine divisions lure him in without making a sound?
 At the side, Hong Yitang was drinking tea and blowing on the foam.""I'm just letting you experience it, not make you go crazy. You're really not afraid of death."
 "Why would I?" Li Hao laughed.
 "You still don't know how to?"
 "Sigh!" Hong Yitang sighed."I want to run away in the middle of the night!"
 "Why did you bring my daughter here?" he asked. I've got an extra burden. My heart ... Is so cold!"
 He sighed helplessly.
 Little Li, I only told you to imitate the ancient people, not surpass them now. Even the ancient kings were not as powerful as you.
 At the very least, they only did it when they had the strength and someone to protect them.
 And you?
 At this stage, who's protecting you?
 Who can protect you?  It can't be covered!
 Li Hao smiled."There's no hurry. Jiusi won't attack me immediately. It'll be the same as before. I know what they're thinking!" At this stage, they don't even want to do anything to me in public ... So they've all silently agreed that I'm presumptuous and crazy. They've probably already thought about how to kill me. "
 "How about you?"
 "Are you ready?" Hong Yitang looked at him.
 "Of course!"
 Okay.
 Hong Yitang didn't say anything else.
 Li Hao continued, I'll continue my seclusion for the next few days! I'm going to do my best to improve everyone, including the Wei Wu Army and the Demon Hunter Army! We'll upgrade them openly!"
 Would it work?
 Actually, it wasn't of much use.
 In the eyes of others, even if you raised 10000 people and all of them broke through 100, what could you do?
 Not to mention breaking a hundred, even if it was a thousand, so what?
 The key was still top-notch combat strength!
 They couldn't wait for Li Hao to spend a lot of resources to improve the weak.
 As a result, Li Hao and the other experts didn't have many resources. With limited resources, how could Li Hao appear out of thin air?
 Hong Yitang frowned slightly, but he didn't say anything.
 This was not a good thing.
 At this stage, the major factions were actually focusing on strengthening the strong, but Li Hao ... He wanted to strengthen the weak, which was the opposite of what they were doing. As for what he was thinking, only he knew.
 "What about the people we captured?"
 "Check it out first. If there are no problems, then check it out. If there are problems ... Kill them all on the day of the opening of the residence!"
 There was another round of silence.
 You're really daring!
 Li Hao smiled."I'll give them ten days. They have at least five days to prepare. This time, I just hope that more people will come. It'll be best if they can get the experts from the three large organizations ..."
 Director Zhou didn't say anything.
 Li Hao was going to eat a big fish.
  It was just that it was hard to say how confident he was.
 ……
 At the same time.
 At the inspection Office.
 The chief patrol officer walked to the backyard and looked at his father who was still reading. His tone was a little strange, "He's forcing everyone to kill him. Tell me, who do you think he's relying on? Even if he had heaven battling city behind him, he couldn't come out at this stage. Or did he think that with the wind chasing boots, he wouldn't be afraid? Do you think that no one can stop him?"
 The old man thought for a while and shook his head.""I didn't understand it either. He brought that guy with the surname Zhou and I thought he was going to do it step by step, but in the end ... It was beyond my expectations. I can't figure it out either."
 Yes, he didn 't.
 "Does he think that he can break through three or even four elements, and is invincible?" the chief patrol officer continued.
 "It's possible!"
 Judging from Li Hao's current actions, this was indeed a possibility. Yesterday's breakthrough of three elements didn't seem to be successful, but Li Hao wasn't injured. Thus, after a moment of silence, the old man said,""Yesterday, he failed to break through. Perhaps it wasn't a failure, but rather, he healed on purpose. He should be able to break through to the third element. Perhaps he thought that he could stabilize his third element even though he only used two elements to kill old Hu ... Who could rival him?"

 "He's right to think this way. Could it be that Hong Yitang and Yao si also think this way?"
 The chief patrol officer still frowned."Yao si should be very clear. Jiusi's strength is not limited to this!"
 If Li Hao was the only one who thought so, then he would have let it go.
 Yao Si was also going crazy?
 The old man was silent.
 This time, it was indeed unexpected.
 If Li Hao hadn't arrested them or recruited the night patrollers openly, everyone would have turned a blind eye to what he had done and let him be arrogant.
 However, that was obviously not the case!
 Li Hao's declaration seemed to be telling the world that he wasn't afraid of them coming to kill him, that he had the confidence!
 I have a trump card!
  That's right, he almost said,"my trump card is written all over my face. You guys dare to touch me?"
 The more it was so, the more suspicious it was.
 The inspector suddenly said,"could it be that he is deliberately setting up a maze? with such a strong stance, he is telling everyone that I have a trump card and that you can forget about touching me. On the contrary, he is very worried that si Jiushi will do something to him?"
 This was also a possibility.
 The old man nodded slightly, but he was still not sure.
 He looked at his son and the chief patrol officer also looked at him. He said with a headache, "Don't look at me. The guy from the criminal law Division is constantly sending me messages, asking me to negotiate. He asked me if the nine divisions can still stand together. If I can't ... Then the inspection Division will be excluded. I'm very conflicted now!"
 The last time he and his father fought, they killed a mystical power Expert of Fei Tian.
 Last time, he was on Li Hao's side.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, he thought that Li Hao would still be under the supervision of the inspection Division, so he didn't suffer any losses.
 But who would have thought that she would be independent in the blink of an eye?
 His meaning was too obvious.
 Not only did he want to be independent, but he also wanted to ride on their heads.
 "Old man, what do you think I should choose? If we don't do anything this time and remain neutral, we'll only put ourselves in a desperate situation. You said that we're making a last minute effort, so who's making a last minute effort this time?"
 The old man pondered for a while and slowly said,""Are they ready? If Li Hao had three divine abilities and the wind-chasing boots, he wouldn't have been stopped without four divine abilities! If they wanted to kill him ... What if he could barely use four divine abilities? Then only a top-grade sacred art, a true top-grade sacred art, can kill him!"
 "You mean ... If there weren't any top five elements, you wouldn't have a good chance?"
 "Right!"
 The old man nodded,"without an expert of such strength, it wouldn't be so easy to kill Li Hao!" If we keep adding fuel to Li Hao's fire, we'll only suffer greater and greater losses. If everyone hasn't lost their minds, don't get involved unless you have five-elemental divine abilities!"
 "Also," he added,"even if we use five types of god art, we have to be careful of him escaping ... In my opinion, we'll have to lure Li Hao into the relic!"
 A relic!
 This was the common thought of everyone. Otherwise, there might be changes on one side and someone would come to help.
  On the other hand, he was worried that Li Hao would be able to escape.  Unless Li Hao was an idiot and entered the remains.
 But would Li Hao go in?
 We can all think of this problem, but Li Hao can 't?
 You must be joking!
 Even if Li Hao couldn't think of it, the experts around him would try to stop him.
 Just then, the communication Jade in the arms of the inspector's Secretary vibrated.
 He took it out and his expression changed slightly.
 The old man looked at his father and said,""Tell me, what's the matter now?"
 The inspector took a deep breath,"they mean ..... The mine vein!."
 "What do you mean?"
 The old man was a little confused. The inspector took a deep breath."A man-made mine vein was created in the level two relic, a Giant Mine! The ore reserves are astonishing ... Li Hao's back is to heaven battling city, so he should know that if heaven battling city's experts want to revive, they can't lack energy ... And what they need is an astronomical amount of energy!"
 Ordinary ones wouldn't work, only heavenly ones would.
 "What are they going to do?" the old man asked after a moment of silence.
 "The nine divisions will pay five million each. The other three major organizations, stupa mountain, vast heaven mountain ... Including the city of superpowers, will also pay! Gather a hundred million!"
 “……”
 Nearly 20 major forces had gathered 100 million divine energy stones!
 As an expert of the nine divisions, he knew very well what 100 million meant. It meant that once he got it, Li Hao had a chance to revive the tree in heaven battling city, provided that the other party was still alive.
 If he died, Li Hao might not need it.
 If Li Hao was still alive, he would definitely need it.
  Only such a huge amount could make Li Hao take such a risk.
 Because if he succeeded, Li Hao would have the greatest support, which was the revival of a true top-tier monster plant.
 "This is crazy!"
 The old man frowned."If Li Hao really takes it away and resuscitates the monster plants in heaven battling city ... Do they know what they'll face after the second resurrection?"
 "They know, so ... They won't let Li Hao succeed!" The inspector sighed.
 "If the price is too small, it's impossible to lure Li Hao into it ... Only then Can Li Hao take the risk without fear of death ... Because he knows what a hundred million divine power stones means. Even if he knew there might be a trap, he would still take the risk ..."
 Everyone gradually understood Li Hao's character.
 "How do we make him believe us?" the old man asked.
 "I'll open it once. His people ... People who know him or are familiar with him will see it with their own eyes ... And they'll naturally believe it!"
 The old man still felt that it was too risky!

 First, they might not be able to lure Li Hao out.
 ? Second, if Li Hao really did obtain it and returned to Silver Moon to revive that powerful monster plant, he would have one more unparalleled enemy after the second revival.
 "Who's going to attack?"
 "Each family ... Monster plant!"
 The old man's face changed slightly. The chief patrol officer looked at him,""We're being monitored right now and they're on guard against us. The division administration Department has also sent us a warning. We can either wait quietly or ... Don't meddle in other people's business. Or, we can attack together. It's up to you and me. Which one do you choose?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com " 100 million ... That's a huge sum!"
 The old man sneered,"such a big move, aren't you afraid of falling for it!"
 Of course, to a single family, it wasn't a lot. 5 million was just the resources needed to advance from a second element to a third element.
 Was it worth it to join forces and pay such a huge price to kill Li Hao, just because they had one less advanced three elements?
 It was worth it!
  If Li Hao didn't die, they would feel terrible.
 However, this was only a step away from telling Li Hao that there was danger here, very dangerous. A huge mine appeared in a level-two relic.
 Especially at this critical juncture!
 Li Hao had really entered, which meant that he was confident.
 What a headache.
 "I can give you the divine power Stone!"
 The old man thought for a while and said,"if we don't pay, we'll be in trouble. If we don't pay, we won't pay, and we'll force the others to deal with us!" You can pay for it ... But ... You don't have to pay for the person. "
 "That's too risky," he said with a slight frown."It's more important to seek stability."
 "But ..."
 "No matter who wins, it's going to be a bit of a problem for us." The inspector frowned.
 "I know!"
 The old man nodded and said,"but trouble ... Is better than death!" If it doesn't work, then we'll add flowers to the brocade. Whoever wins will have to lower their heads!"
 "But ..."
 The Inspector General looked at his father, somewhat puzzled."My Inspection Office isn't weak, why must you do this?"
 Lying low would only cause them to deviate from their original route.
 "Because you're not cut out to be an Overlord, and neither am I."
 The old man said softly,"if you were a little more promising, I wouldn't be like this!" But ... Look at you, how have you been all these years? The night patrolman has always been attached to the inspection Office. How's your relationship with Yao si? If you can't do it yourself, what can I do? You always think that I didn't help you...Wrong, you didn't show this kind of quality. I think ... In your generation, if I die, you won't be able to support the Chen family!"
 Fighting for hegemony ... He had thought about it before.
 If the second generation was successful, he wouldn't just stand by and do nothing. He would only want stability.
 However, his son ... He was more than capable of defending, but he was not good at developing.
 On the one hand, he was a little warm-hearted, but on the other hand, he was a little indecisive. He couldn't be black or white, neither was he pleasing to both sides.
 Since that was the case ... Then he would just lie flat.
 "I think I've been in charge of the inspection Division for 30 years, and I'm better than you!" The inspector was a little angry.
 “……”
 "Hehe!"
 The old man laughed mockingly."The result is that the night patrolman left. The result is that every time you encounter a problem, you don't think about solving it. You only think about waiting for the result before making a decision!"
 "Li Hao's battle in the East, why did you have to wait for the result before making a decision? One step slower, every step slower! Whether you support the Xu family or Silver Moon, you've always been ambiguous ... Why do you think I'm doing this? I'm just going along with your wishes!"
 "Since you can't make a decision at the critical moment ... Then let's continue like this. I don't want you to become rich, but at least ... You won't really die if you kneel down and worship me!"
 The old man seemed a little tired as he waved his hand,""Let's do this! They offered money, not manpower! "As for Li Hao, if he can really win ... When he's out, you can take the inspection Division and join his Heavenly Star military governor's office as soon as possible. This way, even if he's unhappy, he won't do anything to you ... If you can't be an Overlord, then you can seek wealth!"
 The Inspector General was silent.
 He knew that his father felt that he couldn't hold up the sky, but ... He looked at his father.""I can 't, but with the rise of superpowers, immortality is no longer a joke. You're stronger than me, and you see things more clearly than I do. Have you ever thought about that?"
 "Me?"
  The old man laughed."I know myself. I'm not as good as the one from the Division of Administration in terms of papers. I'm not as good as the one from the military law Department in terms of martial arts." In terms of ruthlessness, I'm not as good as Ying Hongyue. In terms of stratagems, I'm not as good as that old thing Silvermoon ... There are some people in my generation who are stronger than me. I'm not the best, and the second generation isn't outstanding either ... Do I have to use my head to compete with others?"  "You're that unconfident?"the chief patrol officer frowned.
 "It's not that I'm not confident!"
 The old man laughed."Yes, I know how difficult it is. I'm afraid of difficulties. If I wasn't afraid of difficulties, I would have personally left the mountain years ago." I was thinking that if you were more capable, I would give you a chance even if I had to lose my face ... But ... You can't help me up, what can I do?"
 He continued,"of the nine second-generation secretaries, other than the division Secretary and the military law Division, the rest can't be helped!" One generation is worse than the previous, and the next ... What do you want me to do?"
 The Inspector General didn't say anything.
 At this moment, she was a little embarrassed and angry.
 I can't help him up?
 Was it really that bad?
 He felt that he had done a good job. These years, the development of the inspection Division was still alright. As for Yao si ... Yao Si was unmoved by force or persuasion, so what could he do?
 However, when he thought of how yao si had actually submitted to Li Hao ... He immediately felt a little depressed.
 He was already so old, but at this moment, he was being ridiculed to be useless.
 "What if Li Hao dies?"
 "If he's dead ... Then he'll continue to live! The military law Division or the Division of Administration, choose one!"
 "Don't even think about defecting to the royal family," the old man said."You can't do that. That person in the royal family ... He's quite ambitious. He's not satisfied with reviving the dynasty. Instead, he wants to start all over again and do everything according to his wishes ... This is also very dangerous!"
 "That's it then," he said impatiently."You can decide on the rest!"
 What else can I decide?
 The inspection Division Secretary cursed in his heart and turned to leave.
 He walked out of the backyard and looked at the government office in front of him. At this moment, the government office was in a mess. Li Hao's name kept appearing. Clearly, the inspector was in a panic.
 The Chen family could not give them any sense of security or stability.
 I can't either!
 Why was it like this?
 The Chen family had not made any big mistakes in the 80 years that the inspection Division had been in charge of the world's inspection. They had been living in peace. Was peace also a mistake?
 ……
 At that moment, all the large organizations, sacred mountain, and SuperPower City received some information.
 Ying Hongyue looked at the people in front of her and slowly said,"Jiusi is taking a risk. It's fine if he succeeds, but if he fails ... Once Li Hao really takes these divine power stones and revives the monster plants in heaven battling city ... Trouble will come."
 Of course, if he really succeeded, the trouble wouldn't come later. It meant that Li Hao's abilities had exceeded his imagination.
 It was not that Jiusi had not considered this.
 If Li Hao really managed to turn the tables ... What could they do?
 "Is the leader going to take action personally?" orange moon asked from the side.
 "Me?"
 Ying Hongyue closed her eyes and sighed after a moment."If I go and kill Li Hao...It will only be more troublesome! If I fail, then he'll have seized the power of the eight meridians and fulfilled his wish. He had yet to merge all seven meridians together. What a pity ... What a pity!"
  Orange moon continued,'then ... Leader, do you think Li Hao can win? Or do you think Li Hao won't go in?"
 "It's hard to say,"
 Ying Hongyue smiled."It's hard to tell what he's thinking. After Li Hao walked out of Silver Moon, he's like a fish leaping over the Dragon Gate. He's like a bird flying in the sky. It's hard to guess what he's thinking." If Jiusi failed ... Then the world would really be in complete chaos! We ...... Trouble has arrived. "
 Orange moon gritted her teeth and said,'then have the elder Council and the ancient divine guards move out! "Everyone knows how threatening Li Hao is ... This time, they'll definitely go all out. They'll also bring a few origin talismans and energy bombs ... They'll be prepared to die, and they'll even bring a large number of city-destroying bombs ... As long as they pay the price, how can Li Hao survive?"
 Ying Hongyue was silent.
 Who knows?
 Li Hao had narrowly escaped death time and time again, but he had become stronger and stronger. Shouldn't the eight great families be destroyed?
 After Li Hao's appearance, his smooth-sailing situation was completely broken.
 Was this because ... Li Hao was restraining himself?
 Perhaps ... He should think of a way. He couldn't continue like this.

 Li Hao didn't care about the outside world.
 He could only wait patiently.
 The next day, Li Hao gathered all the members in the northern courtyard.
 The demon hunt squad had more than 50 people, the Wei Wu Army had nearly 1000 people, and the Silvermoon Army had more than 1000 people, for a total of 2000 people.
 Almost all of them were martial masters, and only a few of them had superpowers.
 Hou Xiaochen had arrived as well, and so had Chief Steward Yu and the others.
 At this moment, director Zhou, Hong Yitang, and the light sword were all here.
 A moment later, even Yao si got out of the car and entered the courtyard.
 More than two thousand people were gathered in one place.
 These people were all wearing black armor and were somewhat nervous.
  Among these people, the powerful ones were at the level of the skyglow or three suns, while the weak ones were only at the level of ten decapitation. They were not worth mentioning in stellarsky city.
 Two thousand people wouldn't be able to cause any waves in stellarsky city.
 However, just yesterday, it was them who had captured some big shots. Of course, this was just borrowing their power and not because they were really powerful, so powerful that even the nine divisions were afraid of them.
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He just continued to wait.
 After a while, yang Shan and his wife arrived as well. They approached Li Hao and whispered something to him.
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 After a while, Nan Quan, who was wearing a bronze armor, appeared.
 He took a deep breath as he looked at the people in the courtyard.
 Was Li Hao going to play big?
 But ... He actually wanted to say that it was really inappropriate.
 Even if there were resources, they shouldn't be wasted like this.
 To be honest, it was almost impossible for the weak to fight the strong with numbers. It was still possible to deal with some three suns, but it was difficult for sunguang. It would be even more difficult when they reached the divine power realm!
 Two thousand over a hundred martial masters to deal with a divine ability expert ... With a single slap and a burst of his divine ability, he could kill hundreds of people, and they were all killed in the blink of an eye.
 However, the key point was that the resources consumed by more than two thousand people might far exceed that of a divine-tier.
 Li Hao ... What was he doing?
 He was slightly puzzled.
 This was because it was really difficult for a Martial Master to advance any further after breaking through the late-hundredth stage.
 At this point, even if they became supers and sunlit, they would still need to consume a lot of resources and ... Not all of them would become supers.
 They were not the only ones who were confused. In fact, not many people present could understand.
 This wasn't the way to spend money.
 Isn't it easier to level up?
 But how many families have you seen burning money for a large number of troops?  With these resources, wouldn't it be more worth it to burn one or two divine abilities than to spend them on these people?
 In many people's eyes, even burning money to make a rising star was better than 1000 martial masters.
 Therefore, many people didn't understand Li Hao's choice.
 ……
 As for Li Hao himself, he didn't take it seriously.
 In his opinion, the stronger one was, the less they needed such help. On the contrary, the weaker one was, the more they needed it at this stage.
 Moreover, when the Demon Hunter Army was truly formed, whether they became superpowers or martial masters ... Li Hao regarded them as the next batch of cultivators who would be converted to the language of the divine power.
 Of course, this required momentum.
 Thus, he wasn't sure if they couldn't be converted without Shi. No matter what, these people would be useful in the future.
 Moreover, who said that ants could not kill an elephant?
 Definitely!
 If they couldn 't, would the ancient people really have nothing to do? why would they raise so many troops?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Millions of heaven-battling Army soldiers, spending countless resources, just to play?
 With those resources, they could just train a few experts. Why would they need those armies?
 On the contrary, when there were many martial artists, their qi and blood would be connected, and the strength that could burst out was beyond imagination. Unless it was the truly top figures who stood at the top of the world, anyone could be piled up to death.
 In this new era, those who said that the Army was useless were those with shallow vision.
 The era had only just begun, and superpowers had only just been awakened. To think that numbers were useless at this point ... Did they think that they were the ancient kings?
 If he spent the resources needed to cultivate a divine ability user to cultivate 2000 people, even if one of them emerged, it would be a profit. Even if no one emerged ... Li Hao would eventually prove that 2000 martial masters wasn't necessarily worse than a divine ability user.
 Furthermore, it was more malleable.
 If they were lucky, a few of them would emerge ... What was a divine power?
 Only by selecting a few people from a large number of people would there be hope of advancing and becoming stronger. Talents were also accumulated through the number of people.
  Li Hao didn't say anything as he thought about this.
 He looked at the people below who were looking forward to it and were somewhat nervous.
 He knew that everyone knew what he was going to do. He also knew that these people were very nervous and felt that it was a waste of resources.
 Li Hao's voice was calm, but it was heard by everyone.
 "My master once said that a strong person is a hermit expert! If a group of people was strong, it was the pugilistic world! Everyone's strength is due to the evolution of life!"
 "This era is unfair and chaotic!"
 "The strong will always be strong, and the weak will always be weak. This is not wrong ... However, when life evolution is too great, the strong will also be taken for granted. Sooner or later, these strong will leave the era and gradually lose their direction and path forward like rootless floating duckweed!"
 "There's no one following us, no one to chase in front. Walking alone in the darkness, so what if you can live forever?"
 "It might not be that time yet ... But if this continues, this will happen sooner or later. If the gap between the realms is too big, the cultivators in front will gradually lose their way. No one will catch up with them, and you will fall into darkness!"
 Everyone listened in silence. Li Hao was just expressing his feelings. Some of his words came from him, while others came from books.

 "From today on, there will no longer be any distinction between the Wei Wu Army, the Silver Moon Army, and the demon hunt squads! You all only have one name ... Demon Hunter Army!"
 Li Hao's voice echoed, an Army should have faith! He should have faith! Without faith, without belief, without a goal, such an Army ... Is just a mechanical puppet!"
 "Perhaps you are still confused about this era and the world ..."
 "From today onwards, I hope that you will not be confused again."
 "Why do you want to strengthen yourself? It's not for the so-called transcendence, but for a better life for yourself, your family and friends, your hometown and your world!"
 "Perhaps, you will think that this is a belief that I have forced upon you ... And not your own! But let me tell you, the moment you have not found your life goal ... This is your faith!"
 "Believe it or not, when you join the Demon Hunter Army, remember this!"
 "Someone once said,'protect justice and hunt for demons for justice'... Back then, I thought that it was a joke and a self-comfort ... Today, I feel that it's not the case. In this era, there are still people who have to uphold the heart of justice and the faith of a soldier to protect justice. Is it funny?"
 Li Hao shouted,"ridiculous?" Perhaps you think that I, Li Hao, am just a swordsman who doesn't even know what justice is ... Let me tell you, I really don't know. I only know that one should have a conscience! Anything unfair, illegal, and unjust should be dealt with! Anyone who killed for fun and plundered lives and wealth should be executed! Anyone who disregards life and tramples on it should die!"
 "This is the Justice in my heart! Perhaps it's not yours ... But it's still yours now!"
  Everyone was listening quietly.
 Perhaps they couldn't accept Li Hao's ideals, or perhaps they didn't care. To Li Hao, none of this was important. The moment you entered the Demon Hunter Army, these were the beliefs you should believe in.
 "What is an Army? In my opinion, it's not just a war machine! To follow the will of the people, to shine in the dark, to bring hope, and to step forward in times of danger, that is a true soldier!"
 "I have never joined the Army of this era, so I don't know what you have learned or what ideas you have instilled in you ... I just have a feeling. I have seen an Army that has been dead for tens of thousands of years, still guarding the ancient city alone, still guarding the wealth of the people, still loyal to their duties, still not forgetting their parents and fellow villagers ... Yes, the heaven battling Army. What you are wearing now is their armor!"
 "I hope you ... Don't taint the spirit of their Army!"
 At this moment, everyone was silent and solemn.
 The heaven battling Army!
 "When you put on this armor, you will have a heavy responsibility on you! This time, I'll use up a lot of resources to help everyone increase their realms and strengthen you. These resources are not easy to come by!"
 "You put on the armor, absorbed the energy, and obtained benefits ... You must remember one thing. Who gave you these things? Is it me? "No... It's given to you by this era! I hope that you can rise up and protect one side, and become true soldiers!"
 Li Hao looked at them and spoke for a while. Then, he shouted,""For the sake of justice ... Demon hunt!"
 "Demon hunting!"
 His roar resounded through the world!
 More than two thousand people shouted and vented all their emotions.
 Justice?
 Perhaps!
  They might have felt the same way as Li Hao the first time and found it ridiculous. In this era, there was no justice, but ... Demon hunting was a belief!  I'm for justice, and the rest are demons!
 Some of them were also fanatical, and the members of the older demon hunt squads were even shouting loudly. In their hearts, the Demon Hunters were very simple: anyone who opposed Li Hao was a demon!
 Demonic sword Li Hao ... They felt that the demon was only afraid of Li Hao, and that he should be the divine sword Li Hao.
 Those people were the true demons!
 "Demon hunting!"
 His voice reverberated through the air, and his roar reverberated in all directions.
 The Demon Hunter Army officially appeared for the first time.
 In the next moment, a light shield appeared and the mirror fragments covered the surroundings. The people who were investigating around lost their information one after another.
 A moment later, an expert approached and frowned slightly.
 Demon Hunter Army?
 Li Hao had gathered more than 2000 martial masters and established the so-called Demon Hunter Army to hunt demons?
 Who was the devil?
 There were more than 2000 weaklings. Who were you going to kill?
 He was so bored!
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "With these resources and time, you should think more about how to improve yourself. Don't waste your resources and forcefully improve these weak people who don't have much talent.
 ……
 Within the light barrier.
 Nearly a million divine energy stones appeared and shattered in the next moment. Extremely dense mysterious energy emerged and instantly turned into sword energy. Countless five elements, light and darkness elements emerged. In the blink of an eye, this place had become a Holy Land for cultivation.
 Drops of the spring of life appeared before everyone's eyes. The next moment, the spring of life shattered and turned into a misty rain that poured down on everyone!
 The people from Southern Fist felt their hearts tremble as they watched.
 What a big move!
 It was really a big deal!
 To use up a million divine power stones, sword energy, and even dozens of drops of the spring of life on 2000 ordinary people ... If this wasn't madness, what was?
 Li Hao's voice was calm.""In the outside world, a drop of the spring of life is worth 100000 divine power stones ... I hope you will remember this, not to remember how much resources you have spent, but to remember that every penny you have spent will be paid in the future ... You can only reap what you have contributed. I am only giving you this in advance, so there is no need to thank anyone. What you need to do is to pay this debt in the future. Not to me, but to return the Justice in your heart!"

 No one said a word. A large amount of energy surged in. Sword energy and life energy protected their bodies. At this moment, each soldier's strength increased rapidly. This was especially so for the Silver Moon Army. Their strength increased even more crazily.
 They were weak to begin with, and this was simply a miracle pill for them.
 Some martial masters in the later stage of the 100th level were also absorbing the energy to strengthen themselves. However, their improvement was limited, and it was difficult for them to improve further.
 Unless he comprehended force!
 Li Hao didn't care about them. At this stage, he wouldn't let them become supers. Li Hao hadn't obtained any Warframes suitable for supers yet. If he changed them now, the heaven-battling armor would lose its function.
 The powerhouses in the crowd also sat down cross-legged and began to absorb.
 The Black Panther also wanted to absorb it, but Li Hao kicked it away.
 You're enough!
 The Black Panther had absorbed quite a lot of energy. All it did was eat and not work. Now that everyone was absorbing, if this fellow were to absorb as well, 30% of the energy present would probably become its food.
 Li Hao didn't care about the others. Instead, he looked at Hong Yitang. Hong Yitang was moved by his gaze and followed Li Hao to the back.
  ……
 In the backyard.
 It was very quiet at the moment, and no one disturbed him.
 Hong Yitang looked at Li Hao, and Li Hao also looked back at him.""How many superpower locks did uncle Hong break that day?"
 "Six,"
 Hong Yitang laughed."You broke six, and so did I. You have the wind and thunder attributes, and I have the Thunder and fire attributes."
 In other words, one of Hong Yitang's five organs Super Lock was broken.
 Li Hao nodded. The lightning and fire elements represented the one that broke Hong Yitang's spine. It seemed that he had long been satisfied with this one. His bone spine was strong.
 "So, uncle Hong only saturated 10 super locks before?"
 "Only?"
 Hong Yitang laughed," "Actually, there were only nine in the beginning. Among the five organs, there was still one that was not saturated. Last time in dongbin province, I completed the five organ cycle and only saturated the last one."
 His ten superpowers were saturated, which was why his combat power was so strong. He had ten superpowers out of nine that could be used in battle. They were even stronger than ordinary superpowers and had stabilized their levels.
 However, it wasn't enough to just stabilize the divine power.
 That was why he chose to break six of his superpower locks. In addition to his powerful strength, he was able to kill the king of the plains with a single strike.
 "Is the Zifu blood essence Meridian not saturated?"
 "Yeah, just a little bit more,"
 "I don't care." Hong Yitang didn't mind."I don't prioritize vitality."
 Li Hao nodded.
 "Martial uncle Hong, I completed the release of the water and fire divine ability the day before yesterday. You saw it for yourself that day ..."
 Hong Yitang raised his eyebrows slightly and nodded. He saw the fire god art.  But it disappeared in the end!
 Moreover, that flame was very special.
 Li Hao didn't say much. The next moment, two magical words appeared, and Hong Yitang's eyes flickered."Unique skill of star suppression city?"
 "It's similar!"
 In an instant, a 'fire' character flew towards him and exploded. Hong Yitang trembled slightly and exploded with lightning, but was instantly suppressed.
 Hong Yitang's eyes flashed with a strange look.
 Li Hao put away his words.
 Hong Yitang was silent for a while and took a deep breath.""I know why Yao si chose to agree."
 He finally understood!
 Li Hao looked at him."It's hard to say for the others, but senior uncle Hong, since he chose to become a super ... Although he's a little different from me, he told me that the power of the world lies in the heart ... Power comes from the heart. Although he's not a five-Force Master, it doesn't matter ... One sword strike will do!"
 He looked at Hong Yitang and said,'martial uncle ... Are you willing to try? To fuse the Super Lock and super power into the one-word super power text, I actually want to see if I can fuse the one-word super power ..."
 "You're my lab rat now?"Hong Yitang laughed.
 "I have such thoughts."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao also smiled."I'm wondering if I can fuse my sword aura with my soul. Perhaps this is the fusion I want!"
 His teacher's concept of spirit integration was also about integrating force into one.
 Since that was the case, wasn't merging the divine ability characters the same as merging the spirit into one?
 He did have the intention to test it out by looking for Hong Yitang.
 Because Hong Yitang only had one power.
 If he could successfully merge the word with one force and fuse multiple abilities into it, Li Hao wouldn't have to worry so much.
  "Hahahahaha!" Hong Yitang laughed."You still don't understand what I meant by 'momentum comes from the heart'!"
 Li Hao was a little dazed.
 Hong Yitang chuckled,'who said that the sword force is the only one? If I say the sword force is fire, then it is fire. If I say it is earth, then it is earth! Forget it, you still don't understand these things ... Tell me how to do it, and if it works, I'll show you. "
 Li Hao was a little surprised. He nodded and quickly told them everything he had done.
 "I see ..." Hong Yitang mumbled."It's actually the same concept. The Sanjiao gate of ancient martial arts, the great Dao of origins, today's Super Lock and force, and now the divine power characters ..."
 He pondered for a while,'there are records of ancient martial arts. In the end, the great Dao of origins was abandoned and one cultivated their own world to perfection! "In conclusion, everything will eventually merge into one ... This is the Dao of perfect unification!"
 The method might be different, but he vaguely felt that the final result would be the same.
 Li Hao also nodded."That's right. In the end, it's still the fusion of various DAOs. Be it superpowers or martial masters, everything will be for one's own use!"
 "This is ... 10000 DAOs return to one!"
 Hong Yitang understood. The next moment, his qi and blood boiled. His blood flowed and turned into blood Qi. He instantly refined it. A sword essence overflowed and the lightning element appeared in his body.

 He pondered for a while, and a word slowly appeared.
 A sword!
 Li Hao didn't think much of it. It was normal for the Earthcover sword to condense sword characters. However, the next moment, he had a thought. The word 'sword' suddenly turned into thunderous characters, rumbling!
 Hong Yitang's lightning attribute instantly merged with it.
 Li Hao was surprised!
 Sword ... Lightning ...
 Hong Yitang didn't say anything. He silently injected energy and continued to write. Li Hao quickly took out drops of the spring of life and shattered them into life energy.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hong Yitang didn't care about this. He continued to activate the characters and absorb the energy.
 However, this time, there was no lightning baptism.
 He didn't care about this and continued to smelt.
  After a while, the word 'sword' flickered in the air like a lightning bolt. Hong Yitang let out a sigh of relief and said weakly,""The lightning attribute has already been integrated ..."
 Then, he suddenly smiled."Li Hao," he said."I'll show you what the true 'force is born from the heart' means!"
 In an instant, the word 'sword', which had looked like a Thunderbolt, suddenly turned into a flame!
 Li Hao was shocked!
 Hong Yitang said in a low voice,"when we first entered heaven battling city, I told you that power has no attribute. The so-called attribute is just what you and I think! I think it is fire ... It is fire! You're still too inexperienced!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the fire energy in his body instantly merged into the Word 'sword'. Lightning rose in all directions, and in the next moment, flames exploded with a loud boom!
 And the word 'sword' was actually changing color!
 "Your master's breathing technique of five birds combines five types of forces ... When the five Forces are combined, it will be more powerful. In fact, he only comprehended one force Five times, which is why your master is a genius ... Ordinary people like us can only rely on one force to continue to grow stronger, but it doesn't mean that one force only has one attribute! Li Hao, you can't integrate your wind and thunder attributes ... Because you have too many inherent thoughts! Of course, you and I have different paths and different ideas!"
 Li Hao was very surprised.
 The first time he went to heaven battling city, Hong Yitang had indeed given him some pointers. He told him that Shi didn't have any attribute, and it was all based on one's own thoughts.
 But ... But ... It could actually change freely!
 How was this possible?
 He looked at Hong Yitang in a daze. He knew this concept, so when he first comprehended the other types of Shi, he had thought of it and transformed it into different types of Shi. However, he didn't know that after solidifying it, it could be transformed again!
 The earth overturning sword ... Was naturally famous for its terrain!
 But what was this now?  "Stop looking, it's useless. You've already formed your own ideas and concepts, so just do it according to your ideas. You don't have to learn from me ... It might not be useful to learn from me. This is also the truth ... It's just a little more fancy. According to your master, it's called fancy and impractical!"
 He laughed.
 Yuan Shuo's words were not wrong.
 Hong Yitang's aura was ever-changing, and it did look shocking. However, in truth, one aura was one aura. Yuan Shuo had comprehended it five times and stacked it five times. The two were different.
 Li Hao was the same.
 But in Li Hao's eyes ... This was too awesome!
 One kind of force had turned into thousands of kinds. This ... Didn't this mean that one word could merge all?
 Then ... Then wouldn't Hong Yitang have no restrictions at all and could be melted as he wished?
 He opened his mouth wide. This was not fair!
 "I haven't finished refining my wind and lightning attributes yet. I'm still thinking about how to comprehend the power of wind and lightning. He refined everything with one word. Then ... Then what am I still playing at?"
 "Don't think too much ... I'm only doing this because I'm using a trick. In the end, I won't be as good as you!"
 Hong Yitang seemed to have noticed something and comforted her with a smile.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was a little dazed."Then ... Then this is different from the others. It's a single, pure force. It's different from yours ... It's not universal either!"
 Other people wouldn't be able to change as easily as you, right?
  Hong Yitang continued to merge the fire attribute. He seemed to still have energy left and said calmly,""It's just an aura, so why do you care about the attributes?"
 "What?"
 "Attribute-less can accommodate everything!"
 Hong Yitang explained,"it's just slightly more difficult. For example, you yourself ... Don't you have your own sword force?" He used the individual sword force as a storage box that could contain everything. All the sword forces that couldn't be combined into words and divine arts were thrown in ... And mixed! In this way, it might not be pure, but it won't be weaker than ordinary superpowers. That's enough ... Li Hao, you have to know that not everyone has to be special. Only a small number of people are truly special. That's what they call geniuses and special ... As for the others, it's enough to be ordinary!"
 He felt that Li Hao's understanding was wrong. Li Hao felt that everyone should be a genius and walk this path.
 But ... Who said that only geniuses could cultivate it?
 In fact, Hong Yitang wanted to say that he was not an ordinary person. He was also a genius ... But in Li Hao's opinion, Hong Yitang could change, but others couldn 't. Wouldn't that mean that he couldn't be used by everyone?
 Bullshit!
 I'm a genius, so what if I'm special?
 Hong Yitang criticized in his heart. I can change because I'm a genius. But this grandson Li Hao thinks that others can't do it, so he can't cultivate.

 So you're the only genius in the world?
 Now, who among those who had reached this stage wasn't a genius?
 Can you ask everyone to be like this?
 "What?" Li Hao was a little distracted."If there's no power ... How can the characters be stable and not collapse?"
 Without Shi, the characters would collapse.
 It lacked spirituality!
 For example, some of the top powers do not have any influence.
 "Hehe." Hong Yitang laughed."If you haven't comprehended force, then use your strong spiritual power to solidify it!"
 "But what if you don't have strong mental power?"
 “……”
  Hong Yitang was very tired."We're not at this stage yet. What's the rush?" Could it be that you expect transcendents to reach this stage during the period of the sun glory and three suns? Reaching the heavens in a single step? Wasn't there a path ahead? "It's just that the problems with your five internal organs later on have stumped many people ... I'm asking you to open a new path, not to let go of everything you already have. It's only worth it to walk this path if everyone can successfully cultivate to the transformation stage ..."
 He looked at Li Hao and asked, what are you thinking about?
 Li Hao was stunned.
 "There's still a path in front of Martial Master. There's still a way to go all the way to Soul Fusion ... What do you need to worry about after Soul Fusion?"
 "It's the same for transcendents. At the current stage, there are only some problems with their magical powers ... But there won't be any problems during the transformation stage ... Why do you have to abandon these things?"
 He felt that Li Hao's thinking was off.
 Li Hao frowned,'but if that's the case ... The problem of my fragile five internal organs hasn't been solved yet! I'm thinking of doing this from the start. By integrating all the superpower locks into the divine text and strengthening it, we can avoid the problems of the five organs ..."
 "His five internal organs weren't weak at the beginning!"
 Hong Yitang rolled his eyes,'did you think that your internal organs were weak when you were playing the game? Do you think that Xuguang thinks his internal organs are weak?"
 That's true!
 Li Hao thought for a moment and nodded.
 After a while, he said,"that's true ... But ... But at our level, we still need the spring of life to stabilize our internal organs. Isn't this ... Not good?"
 He still needed an external force to stabilize it!
 Although it consumed less resources than strengthening the five organs directly, Li Hao felt that something was still missing.
 Hong Yitang nodded seriously this time.
 Li Hao's words hit the point.
 He thought for a moment and said,"you're right. You've reached the main point ... Now that you've mentioned it, I have an idea ... Your divine power text can be used to reflect on yourself, right?"  "En!"
 "Then try to create a character that can strengthen the body's five internal organs directly from when you are weak ..."
 "How is that possible?" Li Hao laughed.
 "Why not?"
 Hong Yitang said seriously,"there are countless great DAOs, but Dao is not the only one. If you want to perfect this system, of course, you will have to pay a huge price and work hard. You don't understand the human body yet. As for martial arts ... You haven't really reached the level of omniscience! Since you have discovered the superpower lock, you can absorb it, fuse with it, and give it back to your body ... Do you think there is a superpower lock or something else in the human body that can strengthen the entire body instead of just one part?"
 Li Hao's heart moved.
 "Since fire path, wood path ... And all kinds of attribute paths exist, could it be that there is no physical body path?"
 Hong Yitang laughed."Of course, it's just an idea. I'm just following what you said to try and do. I don't have the ability to explore it. But since you've taken this step ... You can try and explore it! In the end, there might be such a character that can strengthen the entire body ... And perfect the weakness of your system. "
 Li Hao was moved.
 Was there such a Dao?
 The Dao of the physical body alone ... Then, he would integrate the Dao of the physical body into this system of words. From now on, he only needed to cultivate one system and did not need to consider anything else ...
 Seeing that Li Hao was still deep in thought, Hong Yitang didn't say anything. Instead, he quickly solidified his fire attribute!
 He gave it a try and felt emotional.
 It was difficult!
 However, if no one tried and pointed it out, perhaps no one would walk this path in their entire life.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was quite daring.
  At this moment, Li Hao was also in a trance.
 "The five elements have Dao, wind and thunder have Dao, light and darkness have Dao ... The physical body and the five internal organs are all related to these, but they can be separated ... Does this mean that there is a separate Dao of the physical body?"
 "I only need to strengthen my body! The rest were all magical powers! Internal cultivation of the body, external cultivation of spells, internal cultivation of both ..."
 Li Hao was in a daze. He only had some thoughts, but he didn't have a clue.
 However, he did listen to some of Hong Yitang's words.
 The wind and lightning attributes could be mixed into the sword power.
 In this way, he could use the sword force to form a word to contain all the superpower locks that had not formed force yet. He could slowly sort them out, distinguish them, and then merge them ...
 Just as he was thinking, a loud bang woke him up.
 At this moment, he looked at Hong Yitang in a daze. Hong Yitang instantly broke the lock on the spleen, and a stream of earth energy gushed out. He grabbed the Black Panther and laughed. "I'll devour the earth energy ... I'll try to fuse the three divine powers into one!"
 The Black Panther wasn't angry. It instantly opened its mouth and swallowed the overflowing energy. The next moment, it opened its mouth wide and sucked towards Hong Yitang ... The energy that Hong Yitang hadn't released was forcefully absorbed by it!

 Hong Yitang's face darkened!
 Li Hao was also speechless.
 I'm only asking you to absorb the overflowing energy. I'm not asking you to eat Hong Yitang himself. You brat, the energy hasn't even overflowed and you're already forcefully absorbing it. Is this appropriate?
 Black Panther looked at Li Hao innocently. He said it, he requested it!
 I didn't do it on purpose!
 He said it was overflowing, so I thought it was overflowing from his body, so it counted.
 Hong Yitang was also speechless. He was too lazy to say anything. This time, it broke cleanly. His 'sword' character turned into an earthy yellow color. It seemed to be particularly smooth this time!
 This was because he was famous for his earth sword force. When he transformed into the khaki-colored 'sword' character, it seemed to easily suppress the violent lightning and fire divine arts.
 Li Hao's eyes were also red.
 This works too?
  'One-word magical power' seemed to be simpler. If I could change my expression like Hong Yitang ... I can change as I please, how comfortable would that be!
 Hong Yitang seemed to have seen his jealousy and felt a headache.""Don't look anymore. Your final fusion will definitely be stronger than mine! You can only reap what you sow. I've taken a shortcut ..."
 "I also want to leave!"
 “……”
 Hong Yitang was speechless. I've already said this, and you still say this?
 He had no choice but to say,"let's put it this way. If you want to come with me, you can. First, cripple your Five Forces, and then focus on cultivating sword force. You might be like me, able to transform one force into ten thousand forces!"
 Alright, Li Hao instantly dispelled that thought. No way!
 Hong Yitang didn't say anything else. You see, you don't want to do it and want to take a shortcut. How can you do that?
 ? "Martial uncle, are you trying to fuse three divine abilities? Can your body take it?"
 "My ten locks are full, so I can ... Do you think my body is much weaker than yours? If you can withstand four divine abilities, then I should be able to withstand three. If my purple mansion is full, then I should be able to withstand four or even five divine abilities ..."
 At this stage, the strongest Martial Master should have 11 locks. No one had tried the head.
 At the current stage, Li Hao knew that only Yao si had done it.
 As for hou Xiaochen and the others, Li Hao wasn't sure. Maybe they didn't do all 11, or maybe they did. If they didn't say anything, Li Hao couldn't tell.
 According to Hong Yitang, he could still endure it.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. He shattered some more spring of life, and energy surged into Hong Yitang's body. The fusion of three techniques required more resources, and Hong Yitang had consumed a lot of energy.
 He felt that he could consume more energy than Li Hao!
 Those with magical powers, from two to three elements, might need 100 drops of the spring of life. Hong Yitang needed less, but Li Hao kept shattering the spring of life, and in the blink of an eye, he had about 20 drops.
 This might not be enough.
 A moment later, Hong Yitang's aura completely declined, while the word 'sword' became even more brilliant.
 Li Hao had also lost 30 drops of the spring of life.
 In addition to the previous consumption, Hong Yitang had used almost 50 drops of spring of life to form this three-element 'sword' text.
 This was not considered little!
 Some of them were also broken when they were outside.
 At this moment, Li Hao checked his storage ring and found that he only had about 300 drops of spring of life left. It really could eat!
 Of course, if he were to exchange 10000 divine energy stones for one drop ... It would not cost him too much.
 Hong Yitang didn't say anything and just swallowed the words!
 In the next moment, his essence, Qi, and spirit recovered a little, but his aura was more restrained.  However, he frowned slightly."Don't say that ... It's really uncomfortable if I don't create a magical text that can strengthen the body ... This thing consumes too much Qi, blood, and mental energy. Even a lot of vitality is absorbed ... Without the spring of life to replenish it, there's a high chance that I'll age before I get old."
 After he finished speaking, his eyes flickered."However, when these characters are absorbed into the body, they do have some nourishing effects. I have to say, Li Hao, you really have a lot of ideas!"
 Li Hao grinned."What's more interesting is ... The magical text can be used to circulate the breathing technique. The text can circulate on its own!"
 Hong Yitang was startled. Li Hao didn't mention this before.
 He quickly tried!
 The next moment, he was a little shocked,'this ... You really have an idea this time! I actually didn't realize this. This ... This is completely like two people cultivating. I can also cultivate the divine power characters myself ... This can speed up my cultivation and save a lot of time!"
 Li Hao grinned."Uncle-master 's' one word for ten thousand 'is not bad, but after thinking about it ... I can form one breathing technique for each word, which is equivalent to one person practicing it. When I really condense countless words, it's equivalent to countless people practicing it. No matter how you change, it seems that you can only practice one breathing technique, which is equivalent to two people practicing it ... Well, I think my situation is actually quite good!"
 Hong Yitang was stunned at first, and then he laughed.
 Right!
 Needless to say, this was indeed a huge advantage.
 "Then ... You're not going to tell your master?"
 "We'll talk about it when we meet next time ... The main thing is that my master and Minister Yao are not ready yet. Actually, Minister Yao saw my change but did not choose to break the superpower lock ... This means that he still has some concerns and hesitations ... In that case, I can't force it. Also, I'm not sure how far I can go."
 "How powerful will it be after integrating all the superlocks in the human body?" he thought and frowned.
 At that time, there wouldn't be any changes in three, four, or five elements god art.
 What should he do next?
 Hong Yitang nodded slightly. That was true.
 "Then we can only start from the words themselves ... Of course, this is what will happen next. Look at the present, the future ... No one can say for sure!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao also nodded. This was true.
 It was still early anyway!
 Hong Yitang thought for a moment."The fusion of three types of god art might not be safe. I'll try to fill the eleventh Super Lock in the next two days. If I succeed, I'll try to fuse the fourth god art!"
 "Yes, I'll also try to fuse my sword force with the wind and lightning divine power!"
 Li Hao nodded. Four elements might be safer. If he wanted to be safer, five elements, six elements ... That would be even safer.
 That day, director Wang said that the absolute peak might be the power to break through 7 to 9 super locks ... He could give it a try. Of course, it might just explode directly, but he just had to take it one step at a time!
 Three Sacred Arts only broke seven locks. This seven was probably different from what director Wang said. Did director Wang mean anything other than the four limbs?
 If that was the case ... Then the Paragon realm was indeed powerful. It meant that only by breaking all eleven of the Super locks of the strongest Martial Master could one barely reach this standard.
 Who could do it?
  ……
 At this moment, Li Hao, Hong Yitang, and the others were all cultivating.
 In the outside world, there were already signs that a storm was coming.
 There was no movement from the nine divisions.
 At this moment, they were thinking and planning. At the same time, they were also wondering if the Silver Moon Martial Master would go crazy with Li Hao this time.
 If once wasn't enough, he would try twice, three times ...
 Were those Silver Moon martial masters really not afraid of death?
 ……
 The huge stellarsky city had also become completely quiet.
 Be it the nobles or the transcendents, all of them had been stunningly low-key these days. No transcendents dared to show off their strength arrogantly, for fear that Li Hao, who had gone completely crazy, would take their heads off.

