fileno%d
Hao left the Nightwalker's headquarters, he was in no hurry to leave. He greeted Hong Yitang and the light sword before leaving.
 ……
 Li Hao liked to walk at night.
 He was free and unrestrained.
 A small car was driving on the main road. Gou 'Zi was in charge of driving, while Li Hao didn' T. He was studying the Golden Book.
 Those who saw it would probably think that they were seeing things.
 Li Hao didn't care about this. He read the books carefully. Although the two Golden Books were different secret techniques, they were essentially the same. One attacked, and the other broke.
 ,m He used his qi and blood to form the words and condensed his spirit.  It was an embodiment of the path of origin, and the illusory path could be transformed into an attack in reality.
 "Most of the secret skills of ancient martial arts are like this ..."
  As Li Hao thought about it, he thought of the bloodblade technique and the five birds technique. In fact, he had also borrowed from the bloodblade technique.
 Paleo martial arts had very strong blood Qi and physical body.
 "The development of the physical body in ancient martial arts has been developed to an extreme."
 As he developed his body, he thought of many things."There should be limitations when one's vitality is strong. The ancient martial arts is the Sanjiao gate. Now, it's the superpower lock. Is the Zifu the only superpower lock on the body? Is the spine the only Super Lock on the bone armor?"
 Sky sword told him that there were many special abilities and each ability might have a corresponding superpower lock.
 The number of superlocks far exceeded what they had discovered so far.
 However, it had not been developed yet.
 "Teacher's five birds secret technique, the spirit fusion technique, ultimately merged force into the Super Lock. Force and the Super Lock ultimately merged into one ... It's similar to the fusion of essence, spirit, and soul in ancient martial arts ..."
 Essence, Qi, spirit, and power were still the same after all the cultivation. It was impossible to transcend these. If he had transcended, what was the point of cultivating?
 Li Hao kept thinking, and then he thought of secret martial arts techniques.
 Every secret skill had a different direction of strengthening.
 Did that mean that when each secret skill was cultivated to the extreme, one could actually develop a Super Lock?
 For example, the five birds technique developed a powerful five viscera lock.
 For example, the fist techniques of the southern Fist and the northern fist actually developed the Zifu, the spine, and the chains of the four limbs.
 What BA Dao meant was that he might have opened up a brain lock that connected his mind.
 "The superpower lock will be removed in the end ... Whether it's a superpower or a Martial Master, breaking the shackles of the human body, they only have the superpower lock to lock the abilities that they can't control ..."
 As Li Hao's knowledge grew, he saw more, saw more, and fought more experts, he was no longer completely ignorant of martial arts.
  "What is that Shi? A representation of the pinnacle?"  Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 "Divine power realm ... The fusion of two attributes is a divine power, but is three the same? What about four?"
 So, even if he broke all the Super locks in his five internal organs, he was still in the divine-tier, right?
 "Divine powers include more than one realm ... Or rather, all superpowers will be in the divine power realm. Those with powerful organs might quickly break through the third, fourth, and fifth organ locks."
 He then thought of Ying Hongyue. Was that fellow a Martial Master?
 If that was the case, what was his purpose in absorbing the bloodlines of the seven families?
 Countless doubts constantly rose in his heart, and he didn't find any powerful divine weapons that Ying Hongyue used. It should be known that among the divine weapons of the eight great families, Li Hao had two, his teacher had one, and heaven battling city had one ... There were still four missing, so it was impossible for Ying Hongyue to not have any.
 However, the other party had never used it before.
 He suppressed all the thoughts in his mind. He had a vague idea that the second superpower recovery might happen after everyone had broken the five viscera lock!
 It was a feeling.
 Perhaps, many people were waiting for this opportunity. Breaking the five viscera lock meant that they had entered the next stage. It wasn't just divine power, but also the next stage after the Martial Master had fused with the spirit.
 "This also means that most people have completely unleashed their potential ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com With this thought in mind, Li Hao didn't continue to think about it. Instead, he closed his eyes and began to cultivate. Waves of dark element entered his body, and at the same time, there was also light element.
 He had killed a lot of people and was not lacking in mysterious abilities. He had too much.
 There were also a lot of divine power stones, which contained all kinds of energy.
 He had already unsealed the wind and lightning attributes, but what about the light and darkness attributes?
  In the past, he had not absorbed much of this elemental energy, mainly because it was not of much help to him. Even the dark element could only help him conceal some of his aura. To Li Hao, it was better than nothing.
 It wasn't like the five elements or the wind and lightning, which could increase his strength.
 However, after becoming a superpower, Li Hao changed his mind.
 He wanted to reveal all the superlocks on his body.
 How many locks were there in the human body?
 Could all these chains be unlocked in the end?
 Waves of elemental energy kept pouring into his body. Be it light or darkness, they all quickly disappeared into his body without a trace. Some of the energy that leaked out was also absorbed by the dog who was driving. Not a single bit was left, and not a single bit was leaked out.
 In terms of strength, Li Hao had not improved at all.
 The light and dark elements disappeared just like that. Li Hao had no idea which Super Lock had absorbed them.
 At this moment, the five super power locks formed a ring within his internal organs. The five types of Shi had fallen into a state of silence, as if waiting for a chance to be reborn.

 ……
 The small car sped along the main road.
 The road in the middle was still quite smooth. The dog drove really fast and was really fast.
 Nothing that blocked the way existed. If they encountered a mountain or a Lake, the broken car would fly directly like a flying machine and fly through the air. It would cut through mountains and pass through water.
 In two days, Gou 'Zi crossed several provinces and drove all the way to the North Sea.
 It had to be said that this speed was almost comparable to an expert's full speed.
 Black Panther was also exhausted. He stopped the car when they reached the coastline. He turned to look at Li Hao. This guy had not moved for two days and two nights. He had been absorbing superpowers, but his aura did not change at all. He did not become stronger at all.
 It was such a waste!
 "Woof!"
 The Black Panther called out."We've arrived. As for crossing the ocean ..." It wasn't willing. The North Sea was vast, and it felt that it would be too tired to drive an ordinary car across the North Sea.
  At this moment, Li Hao opened his eyes.
 In his eyes, light and darkness seemed to rotate.
 He seemed to be lost and lost in thought. He glanced at the Black Panther. The Black Panther was a little uncomfortable under his gaze and called out again.
 Li Hao didn't say anything. Instead, he silently experienced it and felt it.
 Inside his body, two chains that looked like Little Dragons could be vaguely seen, one bright and one dark.
 As for its position, Li Hao couldn't be sure. The chain seemed to be moving, not fixed.
 "The light and darkness lock?"
 The superpower lock appeared, but it didn't seem stable.
 "It's only showing after absorbing so much energy. This special type of superpower lock is something that ordinary people will never be able to display in their entire lives ..."
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 "I got it!"
 Li Hao regained his consciousness and looked at Black Panther, somewhat speechless.""Didn't you just drive for two days? What are you shouting for?"
 No one disturbed him these two days.
 It wasn't a secret that he had left stellarsky city, but it was a bit surprising that no one had come to find him. However, it was also reasonable. After all, Li Hao was a world-famous top expert.
 Killing Hu Xiao had already proven his strength.
 When he got out of the car, the North Sea roared and the cold wind blew.
 The North ... Had officially entered winter.
 There were even slight snowflakes falling. It was already mid-November, and the North was completely cold.  In the sea, there were still ships wandering.
 Not far away, a fishing boat stopped. A group of men and women, young and old, in ragged clothes, alighted. They were not too far away from Li Hao, and he could vaguely hear the cries of children.
 "Don't stop. It's too cold here. Once we get ashore, head south ... We're in the central region now. There are more chances in the central region. There's a way out once we get there ..."
 Someone shouted.
 He was a superhuman, but he was very weak. He only had the strength of a star light Master and did not look too old.
 He saw Li Hao from a distance, but he didn't come over to greet him.
 First, they didn't know each other. Second, in the cold winter, the other party was a man and a dog, enjoying the cold wind and the scenery by the sea. Even if they couldn't feel their aura, they knew that they weren't ordinary people. They were either aristocrats who came out to relax or experts who came to see the scenery.
 The young Starlight master barely managed to put up an energy shield to block the cold wind and protect a few children in the crowd. He shouted,""Go, don't stop! The three northern provinces had been completely destroyed. There was no way to survive if they stayed! Although the central region is chaotic ... At least ... At least it's warmer, and we won't freeze to death by the roadside!"
 "Divine Master Lu, it's all thanks to you along the way. Otherwise, we wouldn't even be able to make it to the North Sea ..."
 "Don't call me god tier master!"
 "Divine Master Lu, do you want to come with us?"
 "I'll escort you back ... As you all know, there are still many people on the other side who want to cross the sea to survive. If I don't follow them, the North Sea is dangerous, and they probably won't be able to come over."
 "God master is right. It's all thanks to God master ..."
 Li Hao heard the crowd's conversation.
 Vaguely, he understood everything.
 The three northern provinces were in turmoil, and the people were struggling to make a living. The people of the three northern provinces began to flee. The North was too cold, and now there was a lack of food. These people began to go south, looking for a way to survive.
 However, the North Sea was vast, and it was not easy to cross it.
  This young Starlight master had taken on the responsibility of a boatman, escorting the ships of refugees to the central region.
 Li Hao listened in silence.
 The turmoil in the three northern provinces had happened before he left. After a few months, it seemed to have reached a peak.
 At this moment, an angry shout rang out,""Lu Chuan, you're doing this again? "I've already warned you not to send anyone here. This place is not a good place. If you come here and can't find a job, you'll die sooner or later. It's better to stay in the three northern provinces. Don't you understand?"
 Li Hao looked over and saw an inspector in the inspector's uniform berating the young man.
 "Brother Wang, I don't want this to happen either," Lu Chuan said loudly."But it's too cold in the three northern provinces. There's no way we can survive if we stay here." In the central region ...... Even if we are captured and sent to the mines, we still have a chance to survive. "
 Li Hao was slightly stunned.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He knew.
 Obviously, Lu Chuan was not clueless. He knew that nothing good would come of coming here. However, he also knew that if they stayed in the three northern provinces, these people would all die without any hope.
 The patrol officer in the distance was silent for a moment before he shouted,""Idiot, I told you, you should have escorted them to the North, to the Silver Moon even further north! There might be a chance of survival over there ..."

 "Brother Wang, I'd like to, but I'm just a Starlight master, and I'm several provinces away. Silver moon's Linjiang has even locked down the line of defense, not allowing anyone to pass at all. They kill people at the slightest chance. I had no choice ..."
 “……”
 Li Hao heard their conversation.
 The patrol inspector did not seem like a bad person. He had hoped that Lu Chuan would escort them to Silver Moon in the North. However, Silver Moon and the three northern provinces were still separated by several provinces. They had to cross Linjiang to enter Silver Moon.
 Linjiang had sealed off Silvermoon's path to the South and did not allow anyone else to enter.
 There were many Pirates in the North Sea. Even if the King of the North Sea died, the Starlight Pirate team was still there. There were still seven other pirate teams. How could a small fishing boat enter the moon sea?
 Li Hao had wanted to cross the North Sea and head to Silver Moon.
 At this moment, he had a thought. With a teleportation, he disappeared from his original spot.
 The chief patrol officer was talking to Lu Chuan when his face suddenly stiffened. A young man appeared in front of him. Lu Chuan's body also stiffened slightly as he turned to look.
 When he saw that it was the guy who had been admiring the scenery from a distance, he let out a sigh of relief, turned his head, and cupped his hands.""My Lord!"
  "You know me?"
 "I don't know him!"
 Lu Chuan only lowered his head."My Lord, you're so fast. You're obviously an expert. We've disturbed your view of the sea. We'll leave immediately."
 Nearby, dozens of commoners were dressed in rags. They looked over in fear.
 Li Hao wasn't dressed extravagantly, but it wasn't something that ordinary people could afford.
 The chief patrol officer at the side took a few more glances at Li Hao. He seemed familiar, but he couldn't recognize him. He only felt that the person was powerful and had an extraordinary bearing.
 Li Hao glanced at him. The man from the inspection Office wasn't a superhuman, but a Martial Master, a Martial Master of the tenth realm.
 He could still see the weak.
 "Has the three northern provinces completely fallen into chaos?"
 Lu Chuan lowered his head and nodded,"it's chaotic!" "Ever since general kou's death, the three northern provinces have been in turmoil. It was fine at first, but ever since winter came, the North has been bitterly cold, and this year's harvest has not been good. A large number of people have been forced to join the rebel army or become bandits ... The three northern provinces have been ruined in an instant!"
 Lu Chuan exhaled."It's just winter. It'll be even colder. I have no choice. I can only send some people across the sea to the central region and seek a way to survive." Originally, even in winter, if it's not possible, we can still find some food at the sea...But this year, we can't do that. The Pirates of the North Sea are fighting fiercely for territory ... We don't dare to go into the sea to fish anymore. "
 "You're a superhuman. Although you're only a Starlight master, no matter how hungry you are, you can't possibly starve, right?"
 Li Hao looked at him, and the young Lu Chuan smiled.""My Lord, supers are humans too. Besides, I'm just Starlight. I have family, friends, and neighbors ... Supers are not gods, I can't just watch my fellow villagers starve and freeze to death at home, can I?"  Li Hao nodded slightly."That's true. By the way, I just heard you say that the road north to Silver Moon has been blocked?"
 "AI!"
 Lu Chuan sighed."The 19 provinces in the North are all hard. Silver Moon is in a bad position, and the winter is even colder ... But at least Silver Moon is orderly. Silver Moon martial masters are famous, and there are many powerful people. Plus, Silver Moon is relatively stable. If we go, at least we'll have a chance to survive! "However, Linjiang and the other provinces have sealed off Silver Moon, not allowing anyone from Silver Moon to leave or enter ..."
 "It's been the same for the past few years. "
 He shook his head and sighed."Otherwise, Silver Moon would still be in the North. Right now, we can only come to the central continent to seek a way out."
 Then, he looked up at Li Hao and said in a low voice,""My Lord ... Are you a Silvermoon person?"
 "How did you know?" Li Hao smiled.
 Northerners were all similar.
 "Master's mood seems to have improved at the mention of Silver Moon ..."Lu Chuan laughed.
 Li Hao laughed.
 To be honest, in the past, they had never thought Silver Moon was a good place. However, now that they had heard that Silver Moon was the only place that was still in order out of the 19 northern provinces, they felt that there was still a way out if they went to Silver Moon in such a bitter cold place.
 This was considered a great recognition!
  Li Hao was indeed a little happy to hear outsiders talk about Silver Moon in such a way.
 Li Hao looked at the people nearby and then at the chief patrol officer, who had been silent all this time. He slowly said,""The central region is also a place of cannibalism. Coming to the central region may not end well ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I know, but isn't this the case in this era?"
 Lu Chuan smiled bitterly,"it's all the same!" However, the central region is more prosperous. Even if you want to beg for food, it's not that cold. "
 At the side, the patrol officer raised his brows and said in a deep voice,""The situation in the central region is actually better recently. A large number of aristocrats and experts have died in stellarsky city, and many people have been frightened. The night patrollers in the central region have started to become active recently, and the three major organizations have also quieted down a lot. In fact, it's better than before ... It's just that ... There are too many refugees pouring in all of a sudden, and I'm afraid it's difficult to take over."
 "Sir, did you come from the central area?" he asked.
 "What do you mean?"
 "I'm just a little curious. I wonder if Tian Xing city is going to welcome an even greater upheaval?"patrol Wang lowered his head.
 "That's hard to say. "
 Li Hao shook his head. It was hard to say.

 Patrol Wang did not say anything else but sighed. Every time there was a turmoil, the ones who were affected the most were not the aristocrats but the commoners. The superpowers were not affected too much. At least they did not have to worry about food and drink.
 Lu Chuan didn't say anything. He looked at Li Hao, then at the civilians around him, and whispered,""My Lord ... Then I won't disturb my Lord's view of the sea. I ... I'll send them off. I'll only be able to return after crossing the coastline ..."
 He felt that there was no need to talk too much with Li Hao. Of course, his tone was still polite. He couldn't afford to offend these people.
 He still had things to do.
 After sending these people out of the coastline, he still had to go back and continue ferrying.
 Li Hao nodded. After thinking for a while, he still asked,""Do you have many superpowers like you?"
 "What?"
 Lu Chuan was a little confused, but he suddenly realized something and nodded.""There are still some. I'm not the only one in this area. A few friends are also in charge of transportation. They all come from poor families. We're not strong enough, so we can't give everyone more help ... But we can still help hold the boat."
 "Have you considered the future?"
 "Future?"
  Lu Chuan smiled but did not say anything.
 What future?
 There was no future.
 Let's just take one step at a time!
 "My Lord, then I ... Will take my leave first?"
 "Go!"
 Li Hao nodded. Lu Chuan didn't say anything. He raised a weak energy shield and escorted the dozens of people to the shore.
 He didn't provide any help.
 It's useless to help someone.
 At this moment, Li Hao was thinking about Linjiang and the other provinces. They had sealed off the road north and cut off Silver moon's contact with the outside world, so director Zhao and the others did not bother with them.
 Now, the three northern provinces were in turmoil, and the people were displaced. They wanted to go north, but they could not reach there.
 Furthermore, Silver Moon was poor and could not save too many people.
 The massive influx of refugees would also bring disaster to Silver Moon.
 What these escapees lacked was food, water, clothes, and accommodation ...
 Both were lacking!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Seeing that inspector Wang was still around, Li Hao pondered for a moment and said,""What do you think is the most important thing right now? what do you think everyone needs?"
 "Ah?"
 Patrol Wang didn't know what this noble wanted to ask or know.
 At this moment, he didn't know how to answer.
 Li Hao laughed."I want to ask. What do you think you desire the most at this stage?"  "Eat your fill and wear warm clothes. Don't fight anymore. Be it supers or martial masters, it's best if there are some restrictions ... Don't fight anymore!"
 He did not hide anything."Once the martial masters start a war, they will scare the people so much that they will abandon their land and not dare to open up more land. They will not even leave the city and can only wait for death. The martial masters and the martial masters do not think that there is anything wrong with it. It is good that they do not kill indiscriminately. However, they do not know that once they start a war, their fertile land will be destroyed and the people will not dare to go out. If this goes on ... Sooner or later, there will be a greater disaster!"
 Patrol Wang knew that this person was a noble. He said a few more words. It might not be useful, but at least some upper-class people could hear their shouts.
 "I understand."
 Li Hao nodded and looked at the North Sea."It seems that everyone still wants peace ..."
 Nonsense!
 Patrol officer Wang cursed in his heart, who wouldn't desire it?
 We don't have any desire to fight for hegemony, so it's the same no matter who's in charge. Just give us a way out.
 Li Hao stopped talking and looked into the distance. The next moment, he and black Panther stepped into the air. He did not stay any longer. He was going back to Silver Moon.
 This time, seeing this left some feelings in his heart.
 Even though they knew that the central region was a land of cannibalism, everyone still continued to rush in. There was still a chance of survival. If they stayed in the three northern provinces, they might die completely.
 As for Silver Moon, the four directions were sealed and had yet to be broken through.
 Hong Yitang had said that the people had no means of living and the food crisis had appeared. Although it was only in some areas, it was a sign and a trend.
 The last time he went to the East, there were also large numbers of rebels and bandits along the way.
 The world was in chaos!
 And all of this was actually within the control of some people. It was not a natural disaster, but a man-made disaster.
 ……
 Li Hao stepped into the air and left.
 Patrol officer Wang, who was left behind, was a little shocked. The next moment, he seemed to have realized something and frowned slightly.
  It can't be.
 Wasn't he still in stellarsky city?
 A man, a dog, a Silver Moon Man, a young man ... A demonic sword?
 The governor of heavenstar?
 He was a little confused and uncertain. After thinking for a while, he shook his head and didn't think too much about it. Although the demonic sword Li Hao had killed some people and quieted down the central continent recently, it didn't solve the root of the problem. When the demonic sword was suppressed, the situation would only get worse, and they would face an even greater counterattack.
 ……
 "Heibao, not all supers are bad guys, did you see that?"
 On the sea, Li Hao muttered to himself,"that Lu Chuan is just a star light Master. He's only at the bottom of superpowers. Even so, he doesn't have to worry about food and drink. He can find a good job wherever he goes." However, he took the risk of being killed by the Pirates and chased away by the powerhouses of the central continent. He just sent a few people from one furnace to another furnace that was not too hot ... This might be the meaning of the existence of supers. He is a supers, so he can protect people to cross the sea safely. "
 Heibao didn't understand what he meant. What are you trying to say?
 "Black Panther, all of this shows that the strength attribute is not the basis of everything. Whether it's a Martial Master or a super, it all depends on the heart!"

 Black Panther kept silent and still could not understand.
 So what?
 "Perhaps Silver Moon should break through the blockade and save some people. It's only the beginning of winter, and the winter in the North is very cold. If this goes on, countless people will die ... Furthermore, it's very difficult for resources to enter Silver Moon ... Director Zhao and the others have their own ideas, but I feel that we can't continue to be locked down!"
 "Of course, we need money, manpower, and resources ... We need food, we need clothes ..."
 Li Hao kept talking to himself, while Black Panther kept silent.
 "I've always valued cultivation resources," Li Hao said."I kill aristocrats and experts only for these. I've never cared about their food, clothes, and secular businesses ... But without these things, do you think people can eat their fill? Can you survive?"
 "I think I'm also gradually separating myself from the secular world."
 Li Hao sighed."You too. Have you forgotten how you tried to please me and the passersby for food when you were a stray dog? since when did we only care about cultivation resources?"
 Black Panther became silent.
 Li Hao continued."I'm going to heaven battling city this time ... To ask you something. Back then, their city had fifty million people. How could they have enough food and clothing? do you think ... Heaven battling city will tell me?"
  Black Panther was somewhat surprised.
 Aren't you afraid of being laughed at by the Masters of heaven battling city?
 Li Hao didn't care. He began to think. Yes, fifty million people, even if they were experts, had to eat and drink. How could they provide food and drink for tens of millions in a city?
 Where did the food come from?
 Heaven battling city must have a way.
 However, he had never thought about it before, nor did he care about it.
 Perhaps he should ask this time.
 Also, the existence of the monster plants ... Were the existence of the monster plants really just for fighting and killing?
 Monster plant, life force, acceleration, catalyzing the growth of plants ...
 All sorts of thoughts appeared in his mind.
 From north to south, from south to north, and back again, Li Hao had some new feelings. Not forgetting your original heart ... It was easy to say, but it was too difficult!
 At the current stage, even if he could not defeat the nine divisions and destroy the three major organizations, he could not do nothing.
 Hong Yitang hoped to gain some experience from stellarsky city, but Li Hao felt that he should consult the ancient people.
 ……
 After that, Li Hao didn't have any more conflicts with anyone.
 The wind and lightning attributes exploded forth, and they were like a storm as they swept through the various cities.
 It was winter in the North, and there was no longer any green.
 Along the way, there were even frozen bones.
 He headed north, and finally, a day later, he arrived at the border of the Silver Moon.
 Silver Moon was still as quiet and poor as ever.
 But the moment he stepped into the Silver Moon ... It didn't seem to be that cold. Of the 32 cities of Silver Moon, Li Hao had landed in a border city. There weren't many people on the streets, but they were all wrapped in thick clothes, and the noise could be heard faintly.
 In the past, he had thought that the Silvermoon people were no different from other people. However, looking at them now, they were less numbed than the people in other places.
 There was still some hope in the days ahead.
 "Our Silver Moon Martial Master is really powerful, have you heard? The demonic sword is already intimidating in all directions in stellarsky city ..."
  Discussions about Li Hao could be heard in the streets and alleys.  It had only been a few days since Li Hao's incident, and the Silver Moon people were still gossiping about it. Li Hao smiled and glanced at the quiet city. He thought about the ghost-like city he had seen when he had just arrived and suddenly had a lot of new insights.
 ……
 Li Hao left again.
 Ever since Silvermoon had begun to purge the three organizations, communication between the cities had been restored. There were already pedestrians and caravans on the road, and they no longer dared to venture out like before.
 In the past, he was afraid of leaving the city.
 Now, she didn't seem so afraid.
 On the way, Li Hao also heard the name demon hunt squads. Recently, demon hunt squads seemed to be quite active as well, clearing out some troublemakers like supers and martial masters. In Silver Moon, they had gained some fame.
 Li Hao finally smiled.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for him, he didn't go to white moon City. Instead, he changed direction and flew towards heaven battling city. He wanted to go to the crosscut Canyon first, where he might be able to gain something.
 As for the others, he would see them later.
 ……
 Heaven battling city.
 It was dead silent and quiet as usual.
 Beside the city gate, the silver and black armored soldiers were very quiet. They continued to patrol the city. As usual, only the sound of black armored soldiers 'footsteps could be heard.
 ? It was as if nothing had changed.
 Then, he felt a ripple. In the city Lord's mansion, director Wang looked over and an image appeared in front of him. A man and a dog stepped into the regional wall.
 "I'm back ..."
 Director Wang muttered. In the next moment, he suddenly said,"It seems ... Hmm? You've become an energy warrior?"
 The big turtle's emotional voice sounded in his ears.""That's right, it's a pity ... Let me ask you what happened and why it turned out this way."
 "Yes."
 Director Wang responded and didn't say anything else. Energy martial masters ... Didn't matter. Some people looked down on them, and some people felt that they had no future. Those were all normal. However, director Wang and the others didn't care much about these things.
 It was just that their paths were different. Besides, Li Hao might not be able to reach that level, so there was no point in being too concerned.
 The path of martial arts should be walked by oneself.
  At this moment, director Wang's reaction was very calm.
 In the military camp.
 A gold-tier warrior suddenly opened his eyes, which emitted a faint light. He looked outside the city and waved his hand. An image appeared in front of him. A man and a dog appeared near the city gate.
 "Energy Dao ..."
 "I've become stronger, but what's the use?"
 "However ... It's not a pure Dao of energy. David's deer ... Are you here to find a solution?"
 The gold-tier warrior mumbled and soon fell into silence.
 He was too lazy to care!
 Whatever path he took, it was good enough that he knew the pros and cons.
 As for the solution, it wasn't easy. Unless he switched to ancient martial arts, there was still some hope.

 (There are some problems with 2 million. It'll be fine once you cross it.)
 Returning to heaven battling city.
 At this moment, Li Hao had a rare moment of peace.
 On the city wall, the three Regiment commanders landed.
 "Twelfth leader!"
 As soon as the fluctuation appeared, Li Hao recognized it. It was the seventh Regiment commander, Jiang shixun.
 The three Regiment commanders seemed to have become more human-like than before. After recognizing Li Hao, the seventh Regiment commander said with a warm tone,""You're back!"
 "Yes, seventh leader!"
 Li Hao also smiled, and his silver armor appeared."Is everyone alright?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Same old, no one is coming from outside."
  Out of the three commanders, the seventh commander was the most talkative while the eighth and ninth commanders were the least talkative. However, the last time he left, the ninth commander did remind him that he could exchange some of the spring of life with general Huai.
 Later on, Li Hao managed to obtain a drop of it at a very small price.
 "Why did the twelfth leader enter the energy channel?"
 The seventh commander was a little confused."The path of energy is somewhat repelled by the heaven battling Army. It's not a bad thing. It's just that ... Many of the heaven battling Army's combat techniques are based on vitality. Energy can't be used, including things like Warframes. They're also restricted."
 "It was an accident. I had no choice."
 Li Hao looked up."I'm flying. Will I be attacked?"
 "That won't happen. You're the Guild leader. You won't be attacked."
 That's good!
 The seventh leader didn't say anything and quickly said,""Twelfth Regiment commander, are you going back to look for the division commander? The commander is in the camp ..."
 "No rush, I'll see director Wang first."
 Li Hao was embarrassed."Forget it. I still remember how that person hit me."
 "Then I'll enter the city first. Do you all want to go together?"
 "No, we still have a mission to complete. We can't leave our posts."
 Alright, Li Hao didn't say much. They were all soldiers, and it was already good enough that they could chat with you for a while.
 He entered the city with the Black Panther. He did not fly, but opened the city gate and entered by himself.
 On the city wall, the two words "Zhan Tian" were still clear, but Li Hao wouldn't look at them rashly. It would be a waste if he couldn't understand anything.
 After Li Hao left with the Black Panther, the seventh commander turned around and said with a mental wave,""The twelfth leader seems to have changed a lot. Can you feel it?"
 The two leaders did not say anything, but they both nodded slightly.
 It was a huge change.
 In fact, it hadn't been long. In the past, Li Hao had been a little gloomy, profound, and impulsive, but after a short while, he seemed to be different.
 He couldn't tell what was different, but he felt that the previous 12th leader had suddenly matured a lot.
 "I think he's gone out to see the world," said the ninth leader with a mental wave."He's improved and became an energy Martial Master. He's obviously suffered some hardships ... It's not bad!"
 The group leaders discussed for a while and didn't say anything else.
  The top of the city wall returned to silence.  ……
 This time, Li Hao was in the mood to watch as he walked.
 Heaven battling city wasn't very big at the moment, but its layout and planning were very good. The levels were clearly divided: commercial district, industrial district, and Military District.
 He didn't pay attention to the number of schools in the past, but he only noticed it after Hong Yitang mentioned it last time.
 This time, he looked at it for a while longer.
 There were indeed many schools.
 Then, he thought of the huge library. Perhaps ... Everyone here could read.
 On his way, Li Hao stopped and looked around. After a long time, he finally reached the center of the city. The turtle Tower stood there as usual.
 Heibao trembled slightly.
 Thinking of something not too good, Black Panther was a little afraid. He kept walking close to Li Hao's leg, not daring to move.
 "Reserve 9th Division 12th Regiment commander Li Hao requests an audience with director Wang!"
 The city Lord's mansion's Gate was wide open.
 "Come in!"
 Li Hao stepped in. The gate led directly to the main hall of the mayor's mansion. There were almost no obstacles in between. He could even see the golden light on director Wang's body. If he stood outside the door, he might be able to see that they were working.
 In the hall.
 Director Wang sat in his chair and looked at Li Hao. He nodded and said,""It seems good."
 "Director, you're too kind!"
 Li Hao chuckled.
 Director Wang was wearing a golden armor, so his appearance couldn't be seen clearly. However, Li Hao could easily tell him from the teacher. The teacher was cold and proud, while this one was much more friendly.
 If they were to make an analogy, this person was similar to Hao lianchuan, and that senior was probably also a person with a golden spear.
 Just nice, almost the same.
 This was the director of the security Department, and that was the division commander. It seemed like the generals in the Army were all cold and arrogant.
  Director Wang looked at his boots and was surprised,""You got the wind-chasing boots?"
 "Yes."
 "It seems like I've gained something."
 Director Wang sighed."The wind chasing boots ... The wind chasing boots are quite famous. They were used by the battle King family in the past, but they fell into the hands of the human King. After that, the human King passed them to your ancestors ... Then to the Liu family. In the blink of an eye, they fell into your hands ..."
 "Huh?" Li Hao was surprised."These wind-chasing boots are related to my ancestor?"
 The warking family ... He recalled the Golden Book, the "break" word, which could break everything.
 "Yes."
 Director Wang nodded, then looked at Li Hao.""That's not important. What's the matter with you coming to heaven battling city this time?"
 Li Hao nodded."I have a few small matters. I hope you can clear them up, director."
 "Speak," he said.

 "I'm curious about the ancient civilization, especially about the social system. I can't understand it."
 Li Hao frowned slightly and said,'there were experts in the ancient civilization too, the strongest! Was there a strict hierarchy? Do the higher-ups oppress and exploit the civilians? How to manage transcendent-level people, the disputes between them and ordinary people, their connections, their status, and the division of ranks ..."
 Director Wang was stunned, he thought Li Hao would ask about energy path.
 In the end, Li Hao asked about this.
 "Why do you want to know about this?" he asked after some thought.
 "I just want to understand."
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said, I'm very confused! For example, if an ordinary person offended a strong person and I killed him, would he deserve it? How were the laws of the ancient civilization set?"
 "Society has a division of labor. The strong are not the only ones!"
 Director Wang replied indifferently,"the strong are only invincible in terms of martial strength, but it doesn't mean they are omnipotent!" Li Hao, you have to understand that in this world, all paths are paths! If there were only powerful ones left ... Then the world could only be destroyed! "When they become powerful, no one will work, no one will give birth, no one will build ... Then very soon, this civilization will be destroyed!"
  Director Wang said calmly,"from the start, your discussion has gone in the wrong direction. It's not about how to differentiate the strong and the weak. It's about how to divide the work and how to balance it ... Society is divided according to the work and function, not the strong and the weak."
 Li Hao seemed to understand and divided them according to their functions.
 Director Wang continued,"as for how the strong are managed, that's even simpler. We'll treat everyone equally, and the law will still be the law!" Of course, the strong had to pay a lot to become strong. With more privileges, there would be more duties and responsibilities! For example, in a war, the strong would join the army and obey the military. "Ordinary people can't be bullied by the law. Respect is necessary. We can't rely on the law to walk together. It's also not allowed to bully the strong ..."
 Director Wang said a lot, but he was only the director of the security Bureau. He only briefly explained the real situation. He didn't tell Li Hao the details, as he didn't know much.
 Due to the different responsibilities, he was only the security Director, not the city Lord.
 However, he was a little surprised to see Li Hao.
 "Director, what do you think is the reason why the ancient civilization was so powerful?" Li Hao asked.
 "The reason?"
 Director Wang thought for a while and said,"I can't say for sure. There are many reasons, but the root cause is still the prosperity of culture, education, economic construction, military, and technology."
 "Powerhouses belong to the military. Whether they are from the military or not, they are the foundation of military strength. So, if you think that there are more powerhouses, then you are wrong. This is only one of the four major areas."
 "Only one?" Li Hao was a little surprised.
 "Yes, but it's also the core!"
 Director Wang continued,"without a strong military power, we can't be strong. However, we can't lose control of it. Even if we have a strong military power, it's useless." It will only cause more damage!"  "Education, economy, technology ..."
 Li Hao took note of this and asked,""Is the literacy rate of the ancient civilization very high?"
 "What?"
 "I see many schools in the city ..."
 "Isn't literacy a basic?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Wang was confused,"how can you cultivate if you can't read?" How to make it? How to develop it? How to think? How could he learn more techniques and knowledge? The literacy rate ... Since the beginning of neo martial, it had been popularized to everyone. In the later stage, it had developed to an extreme. Was there anyone who was illiterate? "You must know that neo martial arts is strong in education!"
 "In the early stage of neo martial arts, the Education Department is the top priority. Whether it's martial arts, technology, or other things ... The resources and funds invested each year even exceed that of the military department!"
 "Back then, there were many martial science universities. Later on, they were even expanded and were everywhere. The purpose was to cultivate a group of all-around talents who had military qualities and a strong knowledge reserve ..."
 Li Hao understood!
 Education for all.
 "What about the food?" "So many people have gone to learn martial arts. In the early stages of learning martial arts, the consumption is huge. They eat more than the average person. How can we meet everyone's needs?"
  "The Ministry of Agriculture was in charge of this. Later on, they improved the rice seeds and kept a large number of edible livestock. After eating too much meat and fish, the demand for food actually decreased. In addition, they cultivated a large number of monster plants, mainly to collect the essence of heaven and earth ..."
 Li Hao's eyes flickered."Director, you mean ... To improve the seeds?"
 "That's just one aspect!"
 Director Wang explained,"all kinds of modern machines have been put into use. Extraordinary methods have been used to help everyone grow seedlings. With the monster plants as the base ... With all these methods, is it a problem to eat?"
 He felt that it was strange. Was this a problem?
 "Isn't it the same in the outside world?"he said with a heavy tone. I can see that you also have transcendent cultivators who can control the wind, rain, Thunder, and lightning at will. Under such circumstances, would you be bothered by these problems? Wasn't it extremely simple to arrange some energy martial masters to call the wind and summon the rain and solve the problem of food? You guys aren't living in a primitive society!"
 Li Hao shook his head."Superpowers are high and mighty. Are they supposed to farm?"
 "Hehe!"
 Director Wang understood the general situation and laughed,""It seems that the outside world is worse than I thought. But it's normal. I have control of power but don't have the corresponding mental state. With such power, I will lose control sooner or later!"

 "What's wrong with farming? Farming is also a kind of Dao, and farming can also make you a God, a Saint, and a Saint of the present age ... You don't understand because you're too weak. The weaker you are, the more you care about your so-called face, your so-called nobility and inferiority ..."
 "The great Dao is boundless. What is the true Dao? "Even in neo martial arts, it doesn't mean that the Dao of the omnipotent is right. There's no right or wrong in the great Dao. There's only suitable and not suitable, only exploration and the future. Dao isn't important. What's important is your ability!"
 "Action is good, practice is good."
 Li Hao was enlightened again. Director Wang glanced at him."I thought that this was common sense, but it seems that's not the case. In other words, you thought about this on your own?"
 "No, someone gave me some pointers."
 Li Hao smiled."I'm learning. I'm also trying to understand."
 "This is a good thing!"
 Director Wang agreed,"real knowledge comes from practice!" "If you want to know something or understand something, participate in it yourself. Even if you don't understand it, it doesn't matter. Watch more, listen more, and learn more! Of course, a person's energy was limited. One had to learn how to use people and know how to use them well! It's impossible for you to be omniscient, impossible for you to be omnipotent. "
 Li Hao kept nodding.
 As expected, director Wang was easy to talk to.
  "Director, I know that the rise of the ancient civilization has a lot to do with external enemies. Under the circumstances of external enemies, they are United. What if there are no external enemies, only internal ones?"
 Director Wang was speechless,"isn't it good to have no enemies?" If there are no external enemies, then purge the internal and take the opportunity to quickly develop the economic, commercial, cultural, and technological reforms. Besides ... Who said you don't have external enemies?"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 However, director Wang said,"neo martial is gone. Do you think it's that simple?" Even though I don't know the whole picture, I know that things won't be so simple ... This is a rare period of peace and development for you. Unfortunately, you don't seem to know how to cherish it!"
 Li Hao frowned but didn't say anything.
 After a while, he said,"director, in the central region ... Which might have been the sky Star Island of the past, a portion of the ancient Fey plants and ancient Fey beasts are in deep sleep. They seem to be eager to enter the Silver Moon. Why is that?"
 "What does it have to do with you?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned. What did he mean?
 This person had always been easy to talk to, so why was he suddenly cursing?
 "You don't understand?"
 Director Wang smiled."It's none of your business. You're just a nobody. Who are you to care about this?" "Rather than worrying about this, why don't you worry about how to become stronger and how to achieve your goals? anyway, they won't be coming out for a while. Even if they don't come, someone will deal with them when they do. What's the point of worrying about this?"
 Li Hao chuckled.
 Director Wang continued,"of course, if you become strong quickly, then it'll be your business. When that time comes, come and find me. I'll tell you." You don't need to worry about it now. "
 "Understood!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao nodded.
 He had gained something from the exchange, but he still had a goal to achieve: "Director, is general Huai still alive?"
 "Yes, he's in a deep sleep."
 "Can it be resuscitated?"
 "Of course."  "It requires a large amount of energy or life essence?"
 "Yes,"
 How many cultivation-aiding energy stones do you need?"
 “……”
 Director Wang looked at him."From what you're saying, you seem to have gained something. You want to revive general Huai?"
 "I have such an idea."
 "Very difficult!"
 Director Wang said,"it's extremely difficult. Of course, it's impossible for general Huai to completely recover. We can only activate its spirituality first and let it recover a little. Then, it can recover on its own." According to your standards, if your trash divine power stones aren't in the tens of millions, then don't even ask for it. It's meaningless. "
 Ten million!
 Li Hao really did have one.
 Of course, he had seven million divine power stones, but he also had many origin God weapons. If the little tree could use them, so could general Huai.
 Should he revive the small tree or give it to general Huai? this was a very big question.
 Moreover, Li Hao also had to consider the price-performance ratio.
 He wasn't giving it away for free!
 At the current stage, he also needed these resources. He could not afford to give them away for free.
 "Director, do you know" the palace "?" It's something that looks like a cat ..."
 "What?"
 Director Wang was suddenly shocked,"" Imperial Palace "? You've seen it? Impossible ... There's no Imperial Palace here, the Silver Moon land ... No... There seems to be one, but ... But it seems to be an abandoned Imperial Palace!"
 "You've seen an abandoned Palace?"he asked, puzzled.
  "En!"
 Li Hao nodded."There's also a monster plant over there. It's just that ... The old monster plant died, and a new one grew from its roots. Director, do you think this kind of monster plant is good or bad?"
 "It's hard to say,"
 Director Wang was a little surprised, but not too surprised."A monster plant that can grow near the 'Palace' is definitely not bad. However, as time passes, even people's hearts will change, not to mention the heart of the monster plant."
 "It has always been guarding the Imperial Palace and has never left. It also doesn't allow anyone to enter the Imperial Palace. I feel that it has always been loyal to its duty ..."
 "I guess so."
 Director Wang thought for a while and said,"'Imperial' has already been abandoned. That monster plant shouldn't be too strong. The stronger it is, the harder it is to revive! To be able to recover so far ... His strength is average. "
 Li Hao was surprised. What did he mean?
 "Director, you mean ..."
 "The energy density between heaven and earth is very low. Under such circumstances, the awakened powerhouses won't be too powerful. For example, someone like me ..."

 Li Hao coughed. What was this?
 Are you belittling yourself?
 Director Wang didn't mind and smiled,""What's wrong? It was very normal! You have to understand that I'm only the director of the security Department, much stronger than I am. Why am I here and no one else is? For example, only your division commander has been resuscitated in your reserve army. Where is the commander of your Army?"
 "General Huai is also extremely powerful, but he hasn't recovered yet. In fact, he doesn't even show any signs of recovery, because he's stronger than me."
 Li Hao nodded. Alright.
 "Then ... Then if I can provide general Huai with ten million divine power stones, what will the result be?"
 "Ten million ... General Huai should be able to recover a bit and regain some of his intelligence. He might also be able to complete his own cultivation technique and absorb the surrounding energy. Heaven battling city should be able to recover a bit."
 "Just like this?"
 "What else?"
 “……”
  Li Hao was depressed. Was this the only way?
 That would be too ... Too wasteful!
 "Then, if I provide the little tree with millions of divine power stones, can it ... Can it be completely revived?" he asked after a moment of hesitation.
 "It depends on strength. If it's just average strength, it should be about the same. If it's powerful ... It definitely won't work! However, as you said, it only sprouted from the roots of the old tree and inherited some of the old tree's orthodoxies. It reached the peak not long ago ..."
 He paused for a moment before he continued,"he's not too strong, but if he's resuscitated, he'll be considered an invincible existence to you guys at the current stage."
 Li Hao was startled."The absolute peak?"
 "It's a name for the Dao of origin. Of course, this is what the human race calls it. When the demon race reaches this stage, they usually call it the true God stage."
 He looked at Li Hao and said,"it won't be a problem to fight someone like you."
 "I'm now in the divine power realm, much stronger than before ..."Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 "I know!"
 Director Wang laughed,"it's much stronger, but ... It's not enough!" Let's put it this way. One day, when you can tear open the void and cross thousands of miles in an instant, you'll have reached this level! Whether it's your force, divine intent, divine power, or anything else, as long as you can achieve this step, you'll be considered to have reached this level. "
 Li Hao took a deep breath!
 "Crossing thousands of miles ... And tearing the void?"
 "Right!"
 "This ..." Li Hao swallowed his saliva."The director was at this level back then?"
 "Of course!"  “……”
 Li Hao's teeth ached. So strong?
 Director Wang laughed."It's nothing. Looking at your current situation, in terms of strength, you just need to break a few more of your so-called superpower locks. Maybe three to five more and you can do it."
 Li Hao's teeth hurt even more!
 "Three to five more? I've already broken six superpower locks!"
 "I know,"
 Director Wang spoke again,"super cultivation. Your strength is not enough. Your body is not strong enough. Break a few more!" When one reached that level, the cultivation method might be different, but the path would be the same ... And the result would be the same! I've sensed the current space, and it's only that strong. After you tear it apart, you will be able to sense a very long distance. That is a kind of perception, crossing the void and arriving instantly ... You will be considered an expert! "Even in the neo martial era, you're considered a powerhouse. You've truly stepped into the ranks of the powerhouses ..."
 Li Hao was completely silent!
 So, I'm just the beginning?
 Li Hao couldn't help but sigh when he thought of the fact that the person in front of him used to be a peerless expert. He said,"Then ...... Guild leaders, when you were at your peak, how was your strength ...... Compared to mine?"
 "Slightly stronger. The difference isn't that big."
 Director Wang explained,"they're long dead now. They don't have a body or Qi. In our era, the heaven battling Army focused on the Qi, blood, and body. They were only average back then. They're even worse now. They're slightly stronger than you at their peak, but not by much ... Don't be discouraged. You've only been cultivating for a few days. Besides, most of the energy in the land of Silver Moon has been absorbed by the ancient beings ..."
 Li Hao's mind raced.
 Director Wang seemed to have thought of something,"you want to revive that tree?" You can ... Take the token of the heaven battling Army with you. Also, that tree might not know much. You must warn it not to run around at this time! The world hasn't completely recovered yet, and the path of Origin Energy has already been destroyed. If they run around now, it's very easy for the great path to collapse completely without anyone to rely on ... Otherwise, some of the recovered experts would have already escaped. "
 "There's one more thing. Have you comprehended its origin Dao?"
  "Yes."
 Director Wang was a little unhappy and said in a low voice,""Don't try to comprehend it! "Of course, you can know and come into contact with it, but don't go deep into it. It's not a good thing as you'll easily lose yourself and become the next monster plant ..."
 He warned a few words before finally saying,""Also, if that little tree has any ill intentions, you have to learn to guard against it. Times have changed, and the demon and sea guardians are all gone. Who knows what the current situation of the demon race is?"
 Li Hao nodded and didn't ask further.
 "Oh right, director, do you know how to dragonize?" he asked.
 "Dragon Transformation technique?"
 "It's just a snake. Now, it's about to become a flood Dragon, but it doesn't know how to transform into a Dragon. It wants to advance and take a step further."
 "A snake?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Director Wang thought for a while as if he was recalling something. After a long time, he said,"I don't know how to transform into a Dragon, but ... What's its strength?"
 "Slightly weaker than me."

 "Then Dragon Transformation my ass!"
 Director Wang was speechless,"is it its own illusion?" With such strength, what was the point of transforming into a Dragon? A Dragon is better looking? Snakes and Dragons were not of the same race, so why did he have to add on to it? It's easy to advance, just purify the bloodline, get rid of the impurities, and purify the bloodline. When we reach higher levels, the Dragon race is indeed stronger. At that time, we can consider becoming a dragon, but it's not easy ... There's no need at this stage, it'll be a joke!"
 Li Hao was also embarrassed. Was that so?
 "Then how to purify the bloodline ..."
 "Is your starry sky sword just for show?"
 Director Wang was speechless,"haven't you been using it?" The sword energy inside can purify one's bloodline. It's a very simple thing. If not, why is this dog's bloodline getting purer?"
 He pointed at the Black Panther."If this dog didn't follow you, where would he have gotten the opportunity? even if his ancestor was indeed extraordinary and had a high status ... His countless generations of mixed-blood descendants ... They were nothing!"
 The Black Panther wagged its tail. Yes, the sword could purify one's bloodline. It had a feeling, but of course, it forgot to say it, and it couldn't say it.
 Li Hao was stunned. Was that so?
 "Next time, don't ask such stupid questions. It's a waste of our time!" Director Wang said in disdain. As for that snake ... You can do whatever you want. I'm too lazy to meddle in other people's business. "
  Alright!
 That was enough.
 Li Hao felt that he had gained a lot. He wanted to leave, but hesitated for a moment."If I can provide general Huai with ten million divine power stones, can you give me some benefits so that I will feel that this trip is not in vain ..."
 "What benefits?"
 Director Wang laughed,"don't even think about it!" If you provide 100 million crystals, it will recover its spirituality. At that time, heaven battling city will also be able to recover a lot. If you want to lie in the life essence and take a bath, it won't be a problem. At this stage, you can only recover a little bit of it, and the effect won't be too great. If you want to save that little tree, then go ahead. "
 Alright!
 Li Hao was a bit disappointed. In fact, he had wanted to help heaven battling city and get something in return, but now it seemed that he couldn 't.
 Since director Wang had said so, he didn't insist.
 Just as he was about to leave, he thought of something else."Director, I obtained two Golden Books. They are ultimate techniques. One is the breaking technique and the other is an attack technique. Can I learn them?"
 "As you wish!"
 Director Wang said,"I didn't recommend you to learn last time because you were too inexperienced. It seems like you've learned a lot this time. It's up to you whether you want to learn or not." As for the 'break' character formula, you can ask your seventh leader. He has some connections with the Jiang clan and can be considered a branch family ... The kind that has five generations of descendants ... He can be considered to be related by blood. He knows a little. "
 Li Hao was surprised. There was such a relationship?
 "However, these are all essence Dao Absolute Arts. Don't immerse yourself in them. The key is to comprehend the essence of them and not anything else! In the past, it was only used by a few powerhouses to fool their descendants ... The heaven battling Army's most powerful ultimate technique is the sky piercing Sword Art! If you cultivate the sword, you can exchange it for some comprehension. "
 "I'm not a Martial Master anymore ..."  "Foolish!"
 Director Wang seemed to be a little dissatisfied, or maybe he was paying more attention to it than before and was willing to say more,""Your so-called" not a Martial Master "means that your Shi is sealed and your energy is mixed, right? This has nothing to do with whether you are a Martial Master or whether you use a sword or not ... Remember this, your ancestor merged everything in the past. No matter what energy, what blood, what spirit ... In the end, they were all in my sword! Apart from life, even life itself is a form of energy. Energy doesn't matter ... As long as it can be used!"
 Li Hao was slightly dazed.
 "However, the power of the superpower is an external force. The inner strength is born from the body."
 "Then find a way to merge it into my body!"
 Director Wang was a little impatient."Energy also bullies the weak and fears the strong. Why do you have to fuse with it? if it doesn't listen, just hit it. If you fuse with the energy, won't it still be yours in the end?" "Energy itself is neither good nor bad. It depends on how you use it. You can do as you see fit. I'm not from your era. Even the structure might be different. Read more, learn more, and comprehend more. You'll solve it sooner or later!"
 Li Hao felt like he had opened up a whole new world!
 In an instant, he suddenly felt that he had a lot of clues.
 Director Wang was already getting impatient. "Don't ask everything. You have to learn first, try first, and ask again if you don't understand! If you ask from the beginning, you'll be wasting your time! Only when you've personally experienced it can you ask the key questions, not some common sense questions. "
 "Yes, yes, I understand. Thank you, director!"
 "Go!"
 "Ah?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "To the military camp!"
  Director Wang was speechless,"you're back, aren't you going to report to your division commander?" Such an unorganized and undisciplined heaven-battling Army will be punished!"
 Your division commander has already urged you a few times.
 Otherwise, why do you think I keep chasing people away?
 Li Hao's head hurt. I'm afraid that person will hit me.
 'Even now ... Can I beat him?'
 It was hard to say.
 Heaven battling city had recovered a bit more than before, and perhaps the other party had become even more powerful. In the past, only the combat power of a Martial Master who had been unsealed was inferior to divine abilities, but now it was not necessarily the case.
 He gained a lot from talking to director Wang and he didn't have anything to fear.
 However, that teacher ... Was really cold and arrogant!
 Despite his thoughts, Li Hao could only leave unwillingly and walk towards the military camp.

