fileno%d
the lightning of the great Dao," Li Hao explained."It can expel and baptize some evil power. It's a reward from the great Dao ..."
 "I see!"
 Li Fuhai absorbed some of the force and nodded,""No wonder it's so numbing, just like a massage, so comfortable! It's just that ... There's evil energy in my body? Strange ..."
 It carefully sensed the dissipating power, as if recalling something, and was a little puzzled.""I haven't absorbed energy for a long time. This special energy, could it be ... It's coming from the forbidden Sea?"
 After saying that, he thought of something and said,""Some days ago, there were some special fluctuations in the forbidden Sea. It should have come from the source. Someone might be doing something. I wanted to inform you before, but I didn't see you!"
 "If you have the time, you can investigate," it said."This special evil power may not only be here, but may have spread to the entire Forbidden Sea. Someone may have released this special power in the sea and extracted some of the forbidden sea's power ..."
 Li Hao thought quickly. Release the power of the Crimson Moon?
 Ying Hongyue released the power of the Crimson Moon into the forbidden Sea and extracted a portion of the forbidden sea's power.
 What was he doing this for?
  The Crimson Moon's power had affected him?
 Or ... Do you have other plans?
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind. He looked at li Fuhai for a while and saw that he was really not affected. He did not care about this and felt a little more at ease.
 "Senior ... What do you think of this great path universe?"
 "It's vast and boundless. Although it's just been born, it's full of potential!"
 Li Fuhai was a Saint after all. He was even a descendant of a venerable sovereign and was once the Silver Moon Sea Protector.
 At this moment, it wasn't flattery. The ox head nodded."Good place, good Dao! It was just that it was still lacking in development, but it was already not bad to have a new great Dao! "You're the first person to discover the great Dao. You're the one who can travel the great Dao. The great Dao universe is open to you, and ordinary people can't enter! You can even bring people in, that's even more unparalleled!"
 "But it's too much of a waste for you to only bring people in ..."
 Li Hao was a little confused.
 Li Fuhai knew that Li Hao might not understand, so he didn't keep him in suspense and explained,""In the past, Emperor Cang, the other venerable sovereign who ruled the world with the human King, was also ... Barely considered part of the demon race! "In the past, it roamed the great Dao of origin and was one of the few great beings who could travel the universe of origin. It was born strong, and it would become strong even if it did not cultivate. It has always been strong, and it is getting stronger all the time ..."
 It then looked at Li Hao."You ... You don't seem to have sensed the true essence of the Dao universe!" You have to maintain a connection with the great Dao universe so that the power of the great Dao can surge into your body at any time!"
 Li Hao was stunned."I have the Dao Meridian and the divine text. I can absorb energy from the Dao universe ..."
 "That's an active absorption. What I'm talking about is a passive absorption. Even if you don't cultivate, there will still be countless energy entering your body."  Li Hao was puzzled."How is that possible? if you don't cultivate, how can energy enter your body?"
 "You don't understand. You have to find the center of the rotation ..." Li Fuhai said, his interest piqued.
 "What?"
 "The universe is actually moving!"
 Li Fuhai explained,"it's called the bed universe. It's also revolving. Even if it's very slow, it's indeed revolving!" "When it's activated, there's a Center, just like the eye of the ocean. The eye of the ocean is very calm, but there'll also be some seawater and energy that's extremely pure!"
 It looked at Li Hao."You need to find the center. According to the rules of the great Dao universe, if you find the center, open a gap there, and stabilize it with the foundation of a great Dao, you'll be the core of the great Dao of the universe! That way, every time the universe moves, it will give you endless energy!"
 "Actually, now is a good time! "That's because the Dao universe is very weak. Once it becomes strong, I won't let you do this because you're too weak. With one revolution, countless energies will surge into your body, and you'll die! But now, the weak Dao universe is just right for you ... This Dao universe is simply born for you!"
 "Emperor Cang was once the core of the Dao universe. Therefore, even when he was sleeping, he was still constantly getting stronger!"
 "You too ... The great path leads to the same destination. In the end, it's the same principle!"
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was already shocked.
 Could he become stronger by sleeping?
 He looked at the various regions. The great Dao was revolving, and the universe was moving, right?
  These seemingly unmoving stars were actually moving?
 When they moved, there was a pattern that was almost invisible to the naked eye, right?
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 At every moment, there would be energy flowing into his body, forcing him to cultivate passively. He didn't need to spend a lot of time at all. He could extract the power of the great Dao bit by bit. Was ... Was this such a good thing?
 At this moment, Li Hao was tempted.
 Li Fuhai observed the surroundings and said,""Also, your bed universe's defense is too weak ..."
 "Defense?"
 Li Hao was puzzled and stunned for a moment. The Dao universe still needed to be defended?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Fuhai was also puzzled,'aren't you afraid that you'll be hunted down by experts after you hide in the bed-calling cosmos? This great Dao universe is not invincible yet ... It can't kill outsiders directly. Even if it targets the evil power just now, if the other party is very strong, such as entering the venerable sovereign level, it may not be impossible to resist!"

 "Moreover, it's not very specific to the neo martial Dao. Once someone breaks in, they may kill you directly here! In fact, this great Dao universe is actually your trump card ..."
 "A killer move?"
 Li Hao listened obediently like a student. He was a little shocked.
 Li Fuhai continued,"of course, you have to learn how to fix a hole. Don't randomly tear a hole every time!" You can set up an inescapable net near the fixed opening. If the enemy doesn't come, you can escape. If they come, you can kill them!"
 "I can see that you have the mind to sort out this chaotic great Dao ... Why don't you use the power of the great Dao to set up an inescapable net? Open an opening in a certain area and mobilize the power of a great Dao at any time to kill a strong enemy!"
 It pointed at the five elements region with its hoof and then pointed at the other regions."For example, in the area of fire, the opening is there. Once the enemy comes and enters first, they will be instantly burned ... You can set up layers of obstacles. After the fire element, it will be metal, wood, water ... Or sword ..."
 "You can even turn this area into a ring-shaped passage, and you'll be attacked by the power of countless great DAOs at any time! Don't let people see the appearance of your great Dao universe as soon as they enter ..."
 "You have to make it look like a maze ... After entering, the other party can only follow the path you set. If they take a wrong step, they will be struck by lightning!"
 Li Hao gasped in amazement and couldn't help but say,""This ..."
 "What's wrong?"
  "It's fine, senior is far-sighted ..."
 Li Hao was a little surprised by this great demon's knowledge.
 As for li Fuhai, he was very reserved.
 The Li family had done some research on the great Dao universe.
 The reason why he researched these was not for anything else, but to ... Prevent Emperor Cang!
 Emperor Cang had always wanted to roast the sea Protector!
 I want to eat roast beef!
 It wasn't just his grandfather, the sea Protector. Even the first generation ancestor, the water Empress, had a large piece of his flesh taken away by Emperor Cang and was almost roasted. Later on, in order to avoid Emperor Cang, the two ancestors of the Li clan had studied this a lot.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was thinking hard.
 A trap in the Dao universe!
 This ... He hadn't thought much about it before. The main thing was that the Dao universe could prevent others from entering unless he brought them in.
 "Senior ... Then ... Then I'll go back to Heavenly Star Town first. When I come back, I'll take senior to heaven battling city ... Then, we'll meet up with the experts in heaven battling city and head to the location of the traitor together ..."
 "Sure!"
  Li Fuhai didn't mind and said,""I haven't seen some old friends for a long time, so there's no harm in meeting them!"  "Then ... Thank you for your support this time, senior!"
 "You're welcome, we all have our own requests. "
 Li Hao said no more and walked out of the Dao universe with him.
 Seeing that Li Hao was about to leave, li Fuhai said,""To deal with the Heavenly King this time ... If you can make us hide in the universe first, it'll be best to launch a sneak attack!"
 Li Hao's heart moved, but ... There's a problem now. I tear open the universe randomly! "Once I'm outside, I might not be at the same place when I tear again. I might be far away! If I was inside, I could locate it through some items. But now that the starry sky sword has been shattered, it's difficult for me to locate it accurately. "
 "Furthermore, without me, the seniors might be attacked and ostracized by the great Dao ..."
 Li Fuhai nodded when he heard that. This was troublesome.
 "So ... You have to fix the entrance and exit!"
 It added,"as for the starry sky sword's damage, it's hard to locate it. You'd better reforge a divine weapon to act as a channel that connects the two worlds. Of course, I see that you seem to be repairing the starry sky sword. I saw some fragments in the great path universe."
 Li Hao nodded.
 Li Fuhai continued,'the sword lies in its sharpness! "You have such an advantage, but you haven't used it to the extreme. I think you only placed the fragment in an area where sword Qi is rampant. There's no need for that. As long as the sword is sharp, it's fine! The power of any great Dao can be nurtured and adapted to all kinds of environments. If you place some fragments in each area, the nurturing will be faster ... Moreover, they're all great DAOs from the same source, so there won't be too much rejection. This is the sword of ten thousand DAOs!"
 Li Hao was slightly dazed again, and then he suddenly understood!
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, the way he looked at li Fuhai was a little different.
 This fellow ... Was knowledgeable and multi-talented, completely different from the demons in his mind. He wasn't reckless at all!
 The Li Fuhai he had imagined was a demon who only knew how to fight and kill, not a demon who knew everything.
 At this moment, he felt a little regretful that he didn't come to visit earlier.
 "Many thanks for senior's guidance!"
 "I'm just sharing my experience. In fact, it might not be a good thing to tell you in advance. The great Dao is to be explored bit by bit. If you know everything in advance, you will lose a lot of fun and will not remember it deeply! However, you're in a hurry to deal with a strong enemy now, so you don't have a suitable weapon. It'll have a huge impact on your combat power. "
 "I understand!" Li Hao nodded.
 "Senior ... I'll take my leave first ..."
 Li Fuhai nodded. Li Hao took a step forward, hesitated for a moment, and turned around."Senior, we're dealing with a Heavenly King this time. It's ... It's not an ordinary Heavenly King. It's very dangerous. Senior ... Aren't you worried at all?"
 The overpowered Manatee smiled."Whether it's a human or a demon, who doesn't fight to become a man above a demon? Even if I'm born with a second or third generation, do you think my family is illustrious? He was still trapped here for 100000 years! These 100,000 years, he just lacked a chance to gamble! Since the opportunity has come, let's take a gamble!"

 "But ... Many new martial artists don't seem to have this idea. Why?"
 Li Hao looked at Xiang Fuhai. This was the first time he had taken the initiative to say that he wanted to fight when he met a Saint expert. This was somewhat in line with the style of the neo martial arts.
 Li Fuhai said indifferently,"because among the new martial artists you've met, very few of them have experienced the kind of ... Living under someone else's roof and being a level lower than others!" From the beginning, these people were born as neo martial artists. They were the strongest force, shrouded by the strongest human King and Supreme martial artist ... They seemed strong, but in fact, they lacked the courage to fight! The demon race is different. The demon race is actually struggling in every era!"
 "The more intelligent a demon is, the more unwilling they are and the more willing they are to take this opportunity ..."
 At this moment, Li Hao thought of another demon.
 Rose thorns!
 It was also a Saint-level demon. In fact, it knew that attacking the mine might not be successful.
 However, he was still willing to take the risk!
 In the end, even if he died, he felt that his death was worth it!
  Li Hao thought of someone and said,"Supreme martial artist Zhang's grandson, Zhang an. You should know him, senior. He has experienced ..."
 "It's not the same. He has too many people taking care of him."
 "But senior ... There are so many venerable sovereigns in one sect ..."
 "But I'm a demon!" Li Fuhai laughed.
 Li Hao was in a trance. But I'm a demon.
 There are many venerable sovereigns in one sect, but because I'm a monster, I have to fight!
 This was because the neo martial artists were too strong. If they wanted to achieve greater achievements in the situation where the neo martial artists were extremely strong, they would need to put in more and more effort than the human race.
 "Isn't the human King ... Alright with the demon race?"
 "I can ... However, I'm not a human! There were many venerable sovereigns, most of whom were human. How many were there in the monster race? Emperor Cang didn't care about the demon race and he didn't think of himself as a demon. Venerable heavenly dog didn't care about any demon race either. He did what he wanted and he was free! The two venerable sovereigns of the Li family did not have high positions. There were some powerful demon powerhouses in the past, but ... After the human King unified the world, he did not revive some hostile demon clans. The truly powerful demon clans were all enemies of the human clan, so ... The demon clan became weaker and weaker!"
 Li Fuhai didn't have any complaints. If the enemy's human King was resurrected, wouldn't that be stupid?  However ... The demon race had always been suppressed. The human Kings did not care about this, but the venerable sovereigns of the human race had a natural sense of suppression. This was human nature, but there was nothing they could do!
 "So senior is willing to fight for an opportunity and a future?"
 "Yes,"
 Li Fuhai didn't try to hide it,"actually, it's all the same!" If the human race was constantly suppressed, they would also fight for an opportunity. The key was not in anything else, but in the inborn desire of the weak to be strong! If today, the one in control of heaven and earth was a demon, then the neo martial artists ... Would fight for it! And today, the strongest is still the human race ... So, the neo martial artists you met may still be thinking that even if the traitor is actually the human race, one of the eight great families, they don't have a strong desire to resist!"
 Li Hao understood!
 The next moment, li Fuhai said something sensational,""Also, if this world is controlled by the traitor, then whoever controls it will have a connection with the origin world! "Once there's a connection and a neo martial artist is attracted, the opportunity will come!"
 "What?"
 "A chance to return!"
  Li Fuhai laughed."You've broken the starry sky sword. You're in control of heaven and earth now. Can you open the Stargate?" Not necessarily! Right now ... You don't have the absolute strength to control the world. The traitor must be a Heavenly King or even a half-step sovereign, so you have a greater chance of controlling the world. As for your worry about them being killed ... They're not worried. "
 "You're not worried?"
 Li Hao was stunned again, but he quickly understood. He said in a low voice,""Senior's meaning is that they think that the traitors who control the heavens and earth may also be able to contact the origin world. Once they return, the origin world's Dao of yin and yang will be complete, and the human King can resurrect them?"
 "Right!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Fuhai nodded his big head,"so, you were wrong from the start ... For people who don't want to make greater achievements, it doesn't matter if they fight or not!" In this era, only those with wild ambitions would have the heart to resist and resist! "Even if Zhang an hates the traitors, his will to resist them isn't that strong. He firmly believes that once the heavens and earth are controlled by someone, they will be able to contact the origin world. Once the human King and the Supreme martial artist arrive, any trouble won't be a problem. Even if they die, they can still be resurrected. So why ... Would they risk their lives to stop them?"
 "I know that Zhang an doesn't have much ambition ... If he had great ambition and hoped to become the Overlord of this era, the Lord of the World, he would not be as peaceful as he is now. This person has experienced the war in neo martial arts. He has strength, experience, and courage, but he lacks ambition. It's hard for you to say whether it's good or bad."
 Li Hao was deep in thought. So that's how it is!
 He looked at Xiang Fuhai again. Since that was the case, then ... This person was very ambitious?
 Li Hao looked at li Fuhai, who smiled and said,""I have ambition, but it's not to become the number one in the world. I've already told you what I said before. If I can't achieve great things in 100000 years, then I can't achieve great things. In that case, I need to seek a more glorious future. At least ... I can't be worse than my grandfather, right?"

 His grandfather was the second-in-command of the demon race!
 Li Hao understood!
 After a moment of silence, he nodded."If senior is willing to help me, in the future ... If I succeed, senior's contribution will definitely not be less than the position of Sea Guardian!"
 Li Fuhai laughed. This was the answer he wanted!
 "Then I'll wish you success in advance, Governor ... There's one more thing you need to remember. It's easy to rope in the bottom level of neo martial arts, but it's hard to rope in the top level. It's even harder after becoming a venerable sovereign because the small world has returned. They feel that they can be resurrected ... As for the bottom level, they don't even know their names. Who will resurrect you? "Instead of wasting too much energy on the strong, it's better to put more effort on the weak. This way, the effect will be better. The bottom all desire to become the top. No one wants to be at the bottom for their entire life!"
 "Also, the monster plant is definitely worth recruiting. This branch is too weak. They don't even have a venerable sovereign. Even if they were revived, they wouldn't have a share in the monster plant. Even general Huai's ancestor wasn't King Huai. It was just a monster plant that accompanied King Huai ... The monster plant branch is eager to have a new venerable sovereign!"
 "Monster plants, monster beasts, they all have the same idea."
 "Among the high-level executives, some of them don't have a big background, so they're worth roping in. Why is heaven battling city so easy to rope in? Li Daozong was from the venerable sword's lineage. The old turtle was only the soul of a divine weapon. Who would care too much about the life and death of a divine weapon? Wang Ye is just a minor figure, a minor figure of the minor branches ..."
 Li Hao was shocked. He had never considered this before.
  "It's actually easy to rope in the Zhao family. Zhao xingwu himself is not a venerable sovereign, not to mention that the Zhao family's martial Union is very messy ... It's also easy to rope in the Hong family. The Hong family is at the bottom, the only family among the eight great families that lacks a solid foundation! Whether Zhou, Zheng, and Liu were traitors or not ... It was not easy to win them over. After all, there were too many experts in the branch of the Zhen Xing city! The ancestor of the Zhang family is not Supreme martial artist Zhang, but Zhang Dingnan, the governor of Nanjiang and the hometown of the human Emperor. However, his strength is not at the venerable sovereign level. "
 "If the governor explains everything, it won't be difficult to pull some monster plants and minor characters into the camp!"
 "As for Yuanping martial arts university, there are too many students after the venerable sovereign. Some people might dare to try, but most ... Actually don't dare to, and they're unwilling to! We don't need to waste too much time on this. "
 Although it didn't know the specific situation on Li Hao's side, it had guessed many things.
 Li Hao kept nodding.
 This was only the first time they had met, but li Fuhai had explained many things to him. There were some things that he didn't understand in the past, but today, he was enlightened!
 Because the two of them were standing from different perspectives, there were some things that he couldn't figure out!
 But today, he understood everything.
 "Many thanks, senior!"  After thanking him again, Li Hao cupped his hands and said,"I've gained a lot today. Combined with some of my thoughts, I might be able to do a lot of things in the future!" If we succeed in killing the enemy this time, I think ... It won't be long before we completely quell the rebellion in Silver Moon! It's just that ... It's hard to fight venerable sovereigns and kill half-step sovereigns, so I still need some time!"
 "The universe of the great path is here. I can wait, and so can you. We've already waited for 100000 years, so we don't mind waiting a few more years!"
 "I'll be King and ancestor within ten years. If I don't succeed in ten years ... It'll be difficult!"
 "I've learned!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything more. He quickly left the relic.
 After he left, li Fuhai laughed,""As expected, I'll learn from my grandfather and my ancestors. I'll faze the other party first with a round of flattery, pretend to be profound, and point out the country. Whether it's a human or a ghost, they'll all be confused!"
 Li Fuhai was quite satisfied with his performance!
  At the same time, he would also vilify Zhang an and the others, allowing him, who came later, to catch up and gain more trust.
 Neo martial artists were too proud.
 Neo martial demons ... Actually weren't that proud.
 The neo martial artists could not let go of the pride in their hearts. There was no difficulty in the neo martial demon race. In neo martial, they were also a class lower. In that case, why would they care about being a class lower?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Watching Li Hao leave, li Fuhai sighed with emotion.
 In this era, Li Hao was the most promising.
 If even Li Hao was unable to succeed ... Then Silver moon's counterattack would most likely be useless.
 However, Li Hao trusted humans more than demons. That would not do. She had to change Li Hao's mind. Demons were more reliable than humans!
 This way, if they succeeded, the demons would be able to enjoy a greater share of the fruits of victory.

 (We'll resume two midnight tomorrow. We'll see if we can resume three midnight next month. If our energy allows, we'll resume three midnight. Keep it up and work hard!)
 Walking out of the sea Conqueror's mansion, Li Hao was in a good mood.
 ? Power to overturn the sea!
 This was the first neo martial artist who was willing to take the initiative to join without much words or any wooing. He was just a probe and he was a Saint!
 It was beyond Li Hao's expectations.
 He couldn't believe it. Even now, he was still worried that the other party had ulterior motives.
 Of course, he was also a little excited.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had thought that he would have to pay a huge price, waste his breath, and even fall out with them in the end, but he didn 't.
 The other party was taking the initiative!
 This was the first time he had seen such an active neo martial artist. Even the Emperor guards had not been so active in the beginning.
  Li Hao returned to Heavenly Star Town in a good mood.
 ……
 In the underground ruins.
 Now, the energy was much thinner. Li Hao was excavating the ore vein at all costs, and the consumption was huge. Of course, there were still a large number of energy stones in the entire ore vein.
 And now, there were several different factions in Heavenly Star Town.
 The students of Yuanping martial Sciences University were part of the star Army. Some of them were monster plants that Li Hao had either subdued or forcefully suppressed. There were quite a number of monster plants, as many as 30 of them.
 Of course, there were also some monster plants that were preparing to go to heaven battling city.
 Initially, Li Hao did not pay much attention to these monster plants.
 The monster plants that had lived to this day were almost all undying level existences.
 The only one at the Saint level was the Rose thorns, but it had committed suicide. Now, the strongest were the peak immortal monster plants like the Redwood.
 The star Army also had five silver commanders.
 Moreover, they were not weak.
 There were even some who had reached the undying level.
 There weren't many people left in the Heavenly Star Army, but because they had been surviving in the mineral veins all this time, their combat strength was not weaker than the heaven battling Army, and might even be stronger.
 Li Hao's original plan was to ignore these people.
 He would just leave it to heaven battling city!
 But now, li Fuhai's words gave Li Hao some other ideas. The lower-middle class of neo martial artists could be roped in, but Li Hao's side actually lacked such a lower-middle class.
 In Li Hao's eyes, the lower-middle level of neo martial artists were also at the peak and the immortal level.
 Would these people wait for the so-called connection to the origin world like the higher-ups of the new martial arts? would they be resurrected even if they died?
 Li Hao didn't have such thoughts before.
 Because he felt that it was too difficult!
 In order to win over heaven battling city and Yuanping martial arts university, he was actually very polite and friendly to them. They could use the energy as they pleased. If they wanted to revive, they could find him at any time. If they wanted to leave, he would pay them energy stones for them to participate in the war. The monster plants that he had subdued would also provide them with the spring of life.
  However ... Although the result was acceptable, it was not worth the price Li Hao had paid.  As for the monster plants ... Li Hao actually did not pay much. Although the monster plants had extracted their energy, they had also been providing the spring of life and even growing food. Li Hao had neglected all these.
 He did not place enough importance on the monster plant.
 Even though the Redwood at the peak of the immortal realm kept showing a more flattering attitude than li Fuhai, Li Hao didn't really care.
 He originally did not like Redwood.
 He always felt that these demons had no backbone.
 Especially the Redwood!
 As a peak immortal, although he had not recovered to his peak, Li Hao was not strong at that time either. In the end, the opponent surrendered easily. In Li Hao's eyes, the Redwood was too flattering and too weak.
 But now that I think about it ... What I need is actually ... This kind of thing?
 The Redwood and the rest were actually very obedient.
 They were willing to contribute energy, be it the spring of life, nurturing food, or participating in battles. These monster plants were actually willing to do anything.
 And his strength was not weak!
 Strictly speaking, wasn't the first neo martial artist to join his side the Emperor guard?
 They walked into the Heavenly Star Town.
 Li Hao's mood had greatly changed. Today, as soon as Li Hao entered, his voice echoed in all directions."All monster plant seniors, quickly come to the mine vein to see me!"
 This batch of monster plants, Fengyun Pavilion had a batch of them, the central ruins had a batch of them, and some of them came from heaven battling city.
 They were all the disciples and Grand-disciples of general Huai.
 The number was not too small.
 At this moment, upon hearing the shout, huge demonic plants floated in the air from all directions. They covered the sky and the sun.
 The Emperor guards were also among them.
 It was the leader of the monster plants ... Even though it was only Li Hao's seal, and the Emperor guards were not the strongest, these monster plants did not dare to resist.
 Within the city.
  The soldiers of the Heavenly Star Army and the students of Yuanping martial arts university heard it, but seeing that Li Hao didn't greet them, they didn't go over to join in the fun.
 The Heavenly Star Army was also led by Zhang an.
 After Zhang an killed Sun Xin, the star Army all knew of Zhang an's identity, and they all wanted to atone for their crimes by doing good deeds. Now, all they could think of was to meet a traitor and fight with him.
 ……
 At the entrance of the mine.
 The monster plants quickly arrived.
 These monster plants were mainly led by two parties.
 One of them was the Emperor guard. He was a proper and upright person from the Imperial Palace. Even if he was only a temporary imperial residence, his status was still very high. The monster plants from Fengyun Pavilion and heaven battling city were mainly close to the Emperor guard.
 Redwood was the leader of the other side.
 Some of the wild monster plants and the monster plants in the small ruins almost all regarded the Redwood as their leader. Even the jujube tree of the heavenly Sword villa, which had competed with it for favor, also regarded the Redwood as their leader and did not join the Imperial Guards.

 Although the Imperial Guards were closer to Li Hao, they were not strong. In addition, the Imperial Guards came from the Imperial Palace and were related to the venerable sovereign. For the Redwood, one side was the upper level of the Imperial court, while the other side was the lower level of the people.
 Even though the Redwood was originally a monster plant that guarded the communication tower, it was not considered a type of monster plant in the Imperial court and was born in the wild.
 Li Hao was actually quite relaxed with them now.
 Exchanging energy stones for the spring of life and food, as long as one was willing to provide it, there would be an unlimited supply of energy stones. The main body of these monster plants was still there. In fact, they had recovered a lot over the past few days, and their aura was much stronger than before.
 Including the few monster plants in wind cloud Pavilion that had almost been whipped to death, their auras had become stronger at a visible rate.
 With their original bodies, their recovery speed was even faster than neo martial artists.
 Li Hao could sense the aura of the Redwood, which was no weaker than that of the ninth Division commander without a physical body.
 He had probably recovered to the peak of immortal realm.
 "Governor!"
 "My Lord!"
  “……”
 These monster plants also spread their spirit and called each other by different names.
 Li Hao looked around and counted. For the first time, he clearly knew how many monster plants he had under his command. There were 36 of them.
 However, some of them came from heaven battling city.
 Heaven battling city had dispatched many monster plants, including those that had not left after the divine Kingdom's attack. In the beginning, several monster plants had come to the central region to recover. There were a total of 13 of them, and they were all monster plants from heaven battling city.
 However, almost all of them were at the peak level.
 If not for general Huai's protection, these monster plants would not have been able to survive this.
 In addition to the Emperor guards who were about to advance, out of the 36 monster plants, 14 were at the pinnacle level, and the rest were all at the undying level.
 Among them, Hong Mu wasn't the only peak immortal.
 This was not a weak force!
 However, these monster plants were weaker than the neo martial artists of the same level because their combat techniques were not good, their inheritance was chaotic, and the neo martial artists were strong, but they were mainly humans.
 The demon race was much weaker than in ancient times.
 "These days, I've been running here and there, busy with all kinds of trifles...I've neglected all the seniors!"
 Li Hao was very polite when he arrived.
 As soon as he said that, the monster plants all sent messages,""We dare not. Military governor is very busy every day. We're already lucky to cultivate here ..."
 Among them, the Redwood was the loudest.
 This guy was quite scheming.
 Lin Hongyu had reached the mid-stage of the sun Moon tier thanks to his help. He had also secretly given Lin Hongyu a lot of spring water from the spring of life for her cultivation. Li Hao did not say anything.
 It was Lin Hongyu's ability to get the support of the monster plant.  Li Hao didn't say much. He smiled and nodded."Recently, I've just taken down boundless city and killed the Peachwood Guardian of boundless city. There are still some bodies of Saint path monster plants, but they're not complete. I don't know if they'll be of any help to the monster plant line ..."
 As soon as he said that, the monster plants were in an uproar.
 Some of the monster plants were still unaware of the situation and were extremely shocked.
 Destroyed boundless city?
 'How ... How is this possible?'
 Li Hao continued."It's a pity that the neo martial artists aren't willing to help me. Only director Wang and a few others are willing to help me. Although I've eliminated three saints and dozens of undying, my teacher, Minister hou, uncle-Master Nan Quan ... These people can't return!"
 These words shocked everyone even more.
 The Emperor guards had actually participated in the battle!
 However, the Emperor guard kept a low profile and did not mention this when he returned. At this moment, the monster plants, especially the Redwood, were shocked and frightened.
 This ... Li Hao's side had killed three saints by himself?
 It was very careful, afraid that it would be blamed, and said carefully,""Governor, director ... Director Zhang ... Has he made a move?"
 "No, I didn 't,"
 This time, the monster plant was even more frightened.
 This ... What did this mean?
 Do you think it's useless to keep us because the neo martial artists are not participating in the battle?
 More importantly, the other party had actually killed three saints.
 Li Hao said again,"fortunately, we won. Not only that, but we also annihilated the three saints of the God nation, the sun god, the dark god, and the Prophet God. We killed a total of six saints. We have established the foundation of invincibility in the Heavenly Star!"
 This time, many of the monster plants trembled even more.
  Did he kill so many saints?
 Their strongest was only at the peak of undying realm.
 Li Hao had a faint smile on his face.""Of course, at the end of this battle, I also won the support of some people. Heaven battling city is willing to fully support me, and several Saints of heaven battling city are willing to fight for me ..."
 As soon as these words came out, the monster plants from heaven battling city immediately heaved a sigh of relief. Just now, they had been scared to death!
 "Senior li Fuhai from the sea calming Prefecture even took the initiative to cooperate ... He was willing to fight for Heavenly Star and silver Moon. I declined him several times, but he was too enthusiastic and full of justice. He only asked me to keep his position as the sea calming envoy after I unify the world, and he was willing to fight for me ... I really can't refuse!"
 The group of monster plants were moved.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After Li Hao destroyed boundless city, he immediately gained the support of heaven battling city and sea calming Prefecture. This ... Seemed normal.
 In fact, the sea-calming Prefecture could be considered the leader of the demon race.
 However, he was not very close to monster plant clan.
 At this moment, the Emperor guard still did not understand. Hong shanmu quickly said,""Governor, we are also willing to conquer the world for you, fight for justice, and fight for light! It's just that we're weak and probably no match for the Saints ... However, we have a lot of people. Even if a Saint came, with so many of us monster plants working together, the Saint would die with hatred!"

 It said hurriedly,"I've been absorbing the energy of the star mineral vein all this time. I even feel that my body is on the verge of advancing to the sage level. Although I don't have the refinement of the great Dao of origin, the sage level now doesn't have a great Dao either. It only depends on the strength of the body, blood, combat techniques, and weapons ..."
 "Me too!" The Emperor guard finally came back to his senses.
 It was still too tender and did not have the thick bark of the Redwood.
 Li Hao smiled."It's too dangerous out there. My enemies are very complicated. Perhaps ... They were your old superiors or even descendants of venerable sovereigns ..."
 Hong shanmu quickly said,"Governor, you must be joking. The situation is complicated now. It's precisely because of this that we have to follow you and venerable sword to eliminate the strong enemies from all directions. We will return peace and tranquility to the Silver Moon!" This Silver Moon originally belonged to the governor. The other venerable sovereigns and their descendants are all under the command of venerable Swordmaster!"
 The Redwood immediately confirmed Li Hao's legitimacy and quickly said,""Governor, you don't have to belittle yourself. In this world, no one has more leadership power than you! Even though it's the new martial era, since the governor has been recognized by the starry sky sword, he must be the direct descendant of the sword venerable and the Crown Prince of the Silver Moon land ..."
 Li Hao sighed."The starry sky sword is broken. In order to deal with boundless city, it self-destructed."
 Hong shanmu exclaimed,"Oh my God! Since ancient times, only a sword venerable could explode his sword. It seems that the starry sky sword has acknowledged the governor and even regarded him as a sword venerable. Otherwise ... Who could explode a divine weapon forged by a human King?" To be able to explode ... It even represents the human King's will and acknowledges the governor's right to control the starry sky sword!"
 It was amazed, and when the other monster plants heard this ... They seemed to agree.
  When they first heard it, everyone was a little shocked.
 Now that he heard it again ... It seemed ... To make sense.
 Other than the Li family's descendants, other than the acknowledgment of the sword Master, other than the acknowledgment of the human King ... Who else could explode the starry sky sword that represented the sword Master?
 This ... Was indeed the Silver Moon Crown Prince!
 Li Hao glanced at the Redwood and smiled.
 How interesting!
 Not to mention li Fuhai, he didn't even notice that these monster plants were talents.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Especially this Redwood. In the past, when he heard it flatter him, he felt very annoyed, but today ... He felt that it said it really well!
 Listen!
 When others heard that the starry sky sword had exploded, they would definitely say that they were done for. It meant that the Orthodox starry sky sword was gone.
 But when Hong Mu heard this, he was shocked. Both the human King and venerable sword had acknowledged Li Hao, and he was even more Orthodox than before.
 Li Hao didn't reply. He just sighed."It would be great if everyone thought this way! Of course, that's not important ... The important thing is ..."  Li Hao hesitated for a moment, then sighed.""What's important is that it's said that once the Silver Moon world is connected to the main world, those who have died can be resurrected. However, only a few higher-ups and descendants of venerable sovereigns can be resurrected."
 "I won't say if it can connect to the origin world. Even if it can ... Seniors Yao Zhi, I've heard that there is no venerable sovereign in Yao Zhi's lineage. Even the ancestor of general Huai was not a venerable sovereign ... Without a venerable sovereign, if you ... Accidentally die, there is no way to resurrect you."
 ,m He felt a little helpless."That's why I wanted to ask you all to help me. However, after thinking about it, I realized that it was too dangerous! If a neo martial artist died, he might be resurrected. Everyone ... Does the human King remember who you are? Who could make the human King remember your names and help him resurrect? I wonder if general Huai has the face to do so?"  “……”
 The surroundings were silent.
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at the Imperial Guard."Imperial Guard, you're the guard of the Imperial Palace. It's said that your father once received help from the strongest monster plant of the monster plant lineage, the cat tree. If you die in battle, is there any hope of resurrection?"
 The Emperor guard hesitated for a moment and said,""This ... My father ... Has already fallen, and the Imperial Palace has already been abandoned. Senior cat tree probably doesn't even know who I am, so why ... Would he help me revive? Besides, senior cat tree did not even need to lift a finger back then. Perhaps he has long forgotten about my father ..."
 Li Hao then looked at the descendants of the locust tree.""What about you guys? The ancestor of the locust tree branch is said to be the accompanying monster plant of the locust tree King ..."
 As soon as he said that, the monster plants were speechless.
 After a long time, a locust tree at the peak said in a low voice,""That Lord ... Is extremely cautious, afraid of being noticed. His ... His reputation ... Isn't very good to begin with, so he wouldn't bother Lord Wang for our sake! Even if ... Even if Huai Shi were to die, that person would not take the risk to mention resurrection for Huai Shi, let alone us ..."
 That Sovereign King Huai with a bad reputation was afraid of being noticed by others and wished he could hide in the cracks.
  Some of the monster plants that died were not even monster companion plants, they were just the descendants of the monster companion plants. There were countless descendants, so why would he go and ask for a favor from the human King for these monster plants?
 Hearing that, Li Hao sighed, I see! It's a good thing we didn't call you along. Otherwise, if you were to die in battle...Even if heaven and earth were to return, you wouldn't be able to be revived. Good thing, good thing!"
 However, after he said that, these monster plants felt a little uncomfortable.
 That's right!
 In fact, neo martial artists and venerable sovereigns were not afraid of death.
 This was because when the small world returned, they would be resurrected.
 If the small world couldn't be returned ... It meant that neo martial might be gone. Death ... Would also be a release.
 But what about them?
 They had no hope at all!

 The monster plant clan was too weak.
 Monster plant clan still had a few venerable sovereigns.
 The group of monster plants were very disappointed.
 At this moment, the Redwood suddenly said,"if the governor controls the heaven and earth, now that the new Dao has appeared, the great Dao universe is controlled by the governor. Doesn't the governor ... Also have the ability to revive?"
 Hearing this, Li Hao shook his head."There are too many powerful enemies. How can I be sure that I can control the world? now, it's even rumored that a venerable sovereign is sealed in this world!" We Silvermoon people have only just risen to power ..."
 "Governor, your words are wrong! In the past, the rise of the human King was only a few years ago!"
 At this moment, Hong Mu suddenly understood what Li Hao meant. He said excitedly,""Moreover, the governor is in charge of a great Dao universe. I believe that master Yuan and the rest will recover sooner or later. If the governor can control the heaven and earth ... Why would my monster plant clan fear death? But ..."
 Pausing, Hong Mu sighed,""The monster plant clan isn't strong, and I'm afraid the governor might not even take a fancy to us ..."
 Li Hao chuckled,'what are you saying? Everything in the world had its own abilities! "The monster plant clan, in my opinion, is very important. The spring of life, the cultivation of food, and the consolidation of the world. If there are no plants, wouldn't this world be extremely desolate? All living things were born with their own advantages ... Battle prowess was not everything. Moreover, the seniors "battle strength is not weak, especially senior Sequoia, who is about to enter the sage level!"
  After saying that, he smiled and said,'it's just that ... You're really ... Overestimating me if you expect me to resurrect you all! Of course, if I had this kind of ability, I would naturally not forget all of you. There are not many people in the world who are close to me, and they all say that it is difficult to conquer the world. If I can really conquer it, who in the past would forget the ministers who follow the Dragon? "Even if I forget, those who survived won't let me forget ..."
 At this moment, the monster plants were somewhat enlightened!
 Li Hao's words were exactly what he wanted to say.
 "Follow me and conquer the world. If I win, even if you die in battle, I will control the world and the great Dao. You don't have to worry. I will remember you and revive you!
 It was like painting a big cake and building a castle in the air.
 But ... At least there was still hope.
 The demons thought to themselves, if neo martial was really gone, if the small world was controlled by someone else and couldn't return to neo martial, then ... Then did Li Hao have any hope of becoming the master of the world?
 If we succeed, can we ... Become the first batch of monster plants in the New World?
 Neo martial didn't have any venerable sovereign monster plants.
 In the past, there was one, but he was killed by the human King.
 The monster plants that came later, the strongest tree in the world, Emperor Cang's cat tree, all failed to enter the venerable sovereign level. Then, in the New World, was there any hope of turning the situation around?
 Before they could figure it out, the Redwood instantly revealed the appearance of a middle-aged man.
 With a solemn expression, he said,"Governor, you have saved us from danger and helped us recover. Now, you are willing to help us resurrect after death ... The monster plant clan is at the bottom in any era ... Now, Sequoia is willing to serve you!" "At worst, we'll just die. If the governor wins, banishes the strong enemy, and controls the world, our monster plant clan ... Can also stand at the top of the world! As long as the commander doesn't despise our weak strength, Hongshan is willing to die for the commander!"  After saying that, they all knelt down.
 Li Hao hurried forward and helped him up. With a serious expression, he said,""Senior's words are too serious!"
 At this moment, the other monster plants had all come back to their senses.
 All of a sudden, the other monster plants, under the lead of the date tree, shouted,""I'm willing to serve you! I'm willing to die for the governor! I only hope that Governor, don't forget the sincerity of the monster plant clan ..."
 Previously, Li Hao didn't show much intention to win him over.
 All this while, they had always felt like a subsidiary labor force. They could not participate in the big matters, and the small matters were just to produce some spring of life.
 But now ... For some reason, Li Hao suddenly changed his mind.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The monster plants of Sequoia quickly seized the opportunity and climbed up the ladder. In the blink of an eye, the two sides had a great tacit understanding.
 At this time, the Emperor guard also came back to his senses and hurriedly said,""I'm willing to die for you, Governor ..."
 However, it was a little vexed in its heart. It had just come back to its senses.
 As a result, all the words were snatched away by Sequoia.
  It was the leader of the monster plant ... As a result, now the Sequoia family had stolen its limelight.
 Damn it!
 He was still too inexperienced!
 Li Hao frowned."It's still too dangerous. My enemies aren't just Saints. They're even Heavenly Kings and venerable sovereigns ..."
 "Yes!" Sequoia hurriedly said,"since ancient times, we have fought for hegemony and unified the world. Who didn't go from weak to strong? the more we fought, the stronger we became! At this moment, there were many restrictions on the strong. Instead, it was a great opportunity. If he could kill a strong enemy ... It would be a divine medicine to nourish himself! Monster plant clan has many undying fighters. If we encounter a Heavenly King, we might not be able to fight him. However, if they join forces, we can fight one or two saints!"
 Li Hao's mood was extremely complicated.
 Before the annihilation of boundless city, his mentality was actually problematic. He had always been focused on the Saints, on Zhang an, on heaven battling city, and on Yuanping martial arts university.
 Back then, if he had roped in these monster plants and the sea Guardian first, would it have been ... Different?
 Of course, if that battle hadn't happened, perhaps ... The sea Protector wouldn't have been so polite. Now that he could kill a Saint, the other party was much more polite.

 If it wasn't for that battle, and if he didn't say that he had killed six saints today, these monster plants ... Might not have been so easy to talk to.
 Do you regret it?
 He suppressed the regret in his heart!
 "There's nothing to regret. If I can win and control the great Dao, teacher and the others will be able to return. If I can 't, then I'll be defeated and die. At that time, I can naturally go and see teacher and the others.
 He suppressed all these emotions.
 Li Hao said softly,"seniors, you're so sincere. If I refuse again, wouldn't I be letting down the heavens and the trust of seniors?" Since that's the case, I'll also give you all a reassurance ... I'm willing to set the words of the great Dao and the power of the great Dao. If any seniors die in battle, I'll definitely resurrect you all when I master the great Dao!"
 "If there's no need for resurrection, I'll definitely help all of you when I become a monarch ... At the very least, monster plant clan must produce a venerable sovereign!"
 Li Hao's face was serious. He reached out and grabbed. The world shattered, and the great Dao crumbled. In an instant, a page of a Golden Book floated from the great Dao universe.
 With a solemn expression, he dripped a drop of blood onto the Golden page, and it instantly burst out with an extremely bright light!
  Li Hao wrote and said in a deep voice, seniors, please leave your names later! I'm worried that I'll forget, I'm worried that the heavens and earth will forget all of you ... Since that's the case, then I'll leave this Golden Book and the text of the great Dao in the bright star Universe! As long as the great Dao existed, the oath would not be destroyed! Seniors, fight for the new era, and the new era will certainly bestow you with incomparable glory!"
 As soon as he said that, the monster plants were excited, nervous, and excited.
 Of course, Hong Mu and the others were thinking even more.
 This ... Could be considered a form of loyalty!
 The Golden Book of the great path!
 Does this item have any other uses?
 Who knows!
 Of course, you have to write it. If you don't write it, you'll be going against Li Hao.
 In Li Hao's hand, the Golden Book's pages were constantly emitting the radiance of the great path. He was extremely solemn and his voice was loud and clear."I want this Golden Book of the great Dao to exist forever in the world. I want the people after Silvermoon to remember everything! "I will remember whoever has put in the effort at the beginning of the new era, and how much effort they have put in. I will let all living things in the world remember everything! Not only the humans, but also the demonic beasts, demonic plants, the spirits of the world, and the spirits of the great Dao remembered all of this! But now, seniors, a new Dao hasn't been established yet, so it doesn't matter. When I study the new Dao more deeply, I can help you to change a new Dao and not decline in strength. It's just transplanting a great Dao, I have experience!"
 As soon as he said that, these monster plants were also a little excited.
 In the next moment, Li Hao wrote his name on the Golden Book. It was so flamboyant that the heaven and earth trembled!
 In an instant, the Golden Book floated in front of the Redwood.  Li Hao's tone was a little strange."Writing with the origin of a great Dao can also allow you to adapt to the new Dao universe in advance. You can leave behind some origin power and enter the bright star sector. I can also observe which Dao is more suitable for you, seniors!" When the matching is successful, we can instantly change lanes, and perhaps all of you seniors will be able to reach a higher level!"
 Hong MU's heart trembled slightly, but he did not say anything. In an instant, the great Dao of origins appeared.
 In the great Dao, the remaining power of the origin quickly imprinted its name on the Golden Book, Takumi Shanqi.
 It turned out that they had their own names.
 Li Hao thought to himself, but he was too embarrassed to say it out loud. He had always been used to judging their identity by their species. After thinking about it carefully, he realized that they were all great demons with intelligence. It was naturally normal for them to have their own names.
 Moreover, once a race had many great demons, it was impossible for them to all be called redwoods or locust trees.
 Hong Mu took the lead. The next moment, the Imperial Guards quickly appeared, and the illusionary Imperial Palace appeared. He directly used the illusionary Imperial Palace to brand his name, the Imperial Guards of Xuanji!
 And this was given by Li Hao.
 It was originally nameless.
 At this moment, the monster plants presented their great Dao of origins and branded their names. The locust trees hesitated, but Li Hao understood.""Seniors of the locust tree clan, there's no rush to write. General Huai might have other ideas ..."
 As soon as he said that, a locust tree quickly said,""Heaven battling city and the military governor are one. The military governor's words make us feel ashamed. It is reasonable to assist the military governor in ruling the world. How can our locust tree branch fall behind others?"
  As soon as he finished speaking, he quickly imprinted his name.
 The other monster plants followed suit.
 Soon, a total of 37 names were imprinted on the list, including Li Hao 's.
 Li Hao felt a little emotional. He punched out again, and the void was torn apart. The Golden Book quickly flew into the bright star sector, and Li Hao shouted,""This book should exist forever in the heavens and earth, and never be destroyed! When I take control of the great Dao universe, I'll seal this book in the heart of the great Dao for future generations to read!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com With that, the Golden Book disappeared into the universe.
 In an instant, many of the monster plants seemed to have a vague feeling that they had formed a connection with the world.
 They were all a little nervous and excited.
 If Li Hao could really control the world and the great Dao ... Then these 36 Fey plants might become the ancestors of Fey plants in the future, or even the fey ancestors who would open up a new era!
 Li Hao's voice rose again."Seniors, we're now on the same side. If you need anything, please ask. I'll do my best. If I don't help my own people, how can I help outsiders?" There's no need to feel uneasy or embarrassed. If all of you seniors can become Saints, Heavenly Kings, or even venerable sovereigns ... Li Hao would be happy to see that happen!"

 Hong Mu once again spoke quickly."Governor, you are too polite. Without any contribution, how can you ask for a reward?" Only with a clear distinction between reward and punishment can the governor stand between heaven and earth. If the governor is to be punished, give us a chance to make a contribution first. With the contribution, we will naturally not be polite!"
 "Haha!" Li Hao laughed again."Merits ... There's one right in front of us, but ... It's dangerous ..."
 "Fearless of danger!"
 Hong shanmu continued again, and the Emperor guard could not help but immediately say,""The more dangerous it is, the better. Commander, please speak. Even if we have to kill venerable sovereigns, we will still dare to fight!"
 “……”
 Hong Mu cursed in his heart. This guy, in order to show off, he didn't even want the bark.
 Venerable sovereign, your ass!
 Go and kill the venerable sovereigns!
 They could kill you with a breath!
  Li Hao laughed."That's not necessary. If he really was a venerable sovereign, wouldn't he be courting death?" It's just a small matter. Perhaps I'll ask you to suppress the world or the ruins to prevent the powerful enemies from escaping. The powerful enemies will naturally be left to us, the sage-level Masters, to deal with!"
 As soon as he said that, the monster plants all heaved a sigh of relief.
 This was good!
 Of course, he was also shocked. This meant that he was really going to deal with a powerful enemy, and it might be very powerful. Otherwise ... Li Hao had said before that the Saints of heaven battling city and the sea Guardian were going to help him, so why would he worry about the enemy escaping?
 Perhaps ... He was no longer a Saint!
 This was still very terrifying!
 Li Hao continued,"let's not talk about other things. Seniors, help me mine the ores now. Take as many as you can. I'll need them later!" If I stay here, I'll probably have fewer chances to come here in the future ..."
 The demonic plants seemed to be deep in thought. Without saying anything, they disappeared one after another. A moment later, a rumbling sound resounded through the world.
 The huge mine vein was quickly excavated by the monster plants.
 In an instant, some people could no longer sit still.  A few silver-armored Heavenly Star Army soldiers quickly arrived. When they saw these monster plants crazily excavating the mine, they felt a little uneasy. A silver-armored Captain walked out and said,""Division commander li, this is ... The celestial star mineral vein. It has the effect of stabilizing and reviving the world. If too much mining is done, the mineral vein will shrink and easily break. It will no longer be able to absorb the energy of the world and may even break its roots ..."
 Li Hao revealed a smile,"it's fine!" If I win, the mine vein will be nothing, but if I lose, leaving the mine vein behind will only benefit the enemy. I can't let the enemy take it away, this is also for everyone's safety, otherwise, with the mine vein here, no one will be safe!"
 "Today, I've already found the people who betrayed neo martial arts and have fought with them several times. We've killed three saints: Zheng Gong, the second son of the Zheng family, Hanjiang, the Vice commander of the boundless Army, and the monster plant guarding boundless city. Today, Zheng Hongyuan and Zheng Yu's whereabouts are unknown. We're searching for their whereabouts, and we'll fight them sooner or later! "Back then, the source of the temptation for vice-commander Sun Xin's betrayal was actually the powerhouses of the Crimson Moon world. We're also looking for traces of the other party. Sooner or later, we'll have to fight ... Since new martial arts can't eliminate these people, I, Li Hao, will take the responsibility!"
 The first part of the sentence made them a little excited, but the latter part made them a little uncomfortable.
 "Governor li, new martial can also eliminate traitors and strong enemies of the Crimson Moon ..." A silver-armored man said in a deep voice.
 Li Hao said indifferently,"then we'll talk about it after the second recovery. For now ... We can only rely on ourselves!" In order to eradicate them, my teacher and the others died in battle. It's better to rely on yourself than on others, what do you all think?"
 The group leaders were shocked!
 "Professor ... Professor Yuan ..." He said.
  Li Hao said calmly,"the three saints of boundless city are all at their peak. There's nothing we can do!" "Alright, let's not talk about this anymore. I need energy stones to fight strong enemies. They're just inanimate objects here. Are we supposed to rely on a mine to kill our enemies? Out of the eight main cities, only heaven battling city is willing to send troops to help me. As for the Heavenly Star Army ... Seniors, please continue to clean the city. Make sure it's clean. I'll help you take revenge for the other party bewitching the Heavenly Star vice Commander-in-Chief and killing everyone in the Heavenly Star Town!"
 The moment he said that, the group leaders felt extremely uncomfortable.
 One of the regiment commanders couldn't help but growl,""Governor Li's words ... Make me feel uncomfortable! "No one wanted the star Army to rebel. We have guarded the mine for 100000 years for the revival of neo martial arts ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao said indifferently,"you care about it, but not everyone cares. It doesn't matter if a traitor or a Crimson Moon expert is in charge. Once the world is United, no matter who they are, they might contact the origin world, and human Kings or Supremes will come. Why do you need to fight for yourself?" Of course, we Silvermoon people have no choice but to be self-reliant ... Alright, if you seniors have nothing else to do, you can go do your own things. I still have things to do. "
 "Governor Li's words are meaningful. Are you trying to say that we, the new martial artists, are unwilling to fight against a strong enemy?"
 "The star Army's humiliation can only be washed away by ourselves!" Another silver-armored man shouted angrily. We made a blood oath that day that if we encounter any rebellion, we will fight to the death. We will not back down when we are in front of you. Governor ... You are underestimating us!"
 Li Hao laughed."Absolutely not. Senior, you've misunderstood ... Let's not talk about this. Just take it that I spoke without thinking!" Moreover, all the seniors still had to listen to director Zhang, so it was better to wait for director Zhang to come back first! Alright, I'm very busy, I'll be leaving soon ..."
 He turned around and left. Behind him, the other Regiment commanders were on the verge of exploding.
 A man in silver armor quickly caught up with Li Hao and said solemnly,""The governor is going to fight the rebels?"

