fileno%d
generation of experts, Dao Jian had entered the transformation stage. Except for Li Hao, no one seemed to be stronger than him.
 Moreover, Dao sword's current state was stable. If his five internal organs were stronger, he might be able to smoothly enter the divine power realm and become the first ... Well, the second genius to enter the divine power realm.
 Li Hao was even smaller than Dao sword, but he already had a magical power.
 Dao Jian didn't care about this and smiled,""Don't think so much. Let's go to the nine Dragons Pavilion for a meal. Tell me about the situation these days. I feel like the atmosphere of the night patrollers has changed. There might be many stories. "
 "That's a lot of stories!"
 The big-eyed man laughed."Come, let's go eat together. If you don't come out of seclusion, we won't have the mood to eat!"
 The four of them greeted Yao si and left with a smile.
 After they left, Yao si also laughed.
 Now that Dao Jian had come out of seclusion, the night patrolman was even more interesting.
 Dao sword looked gentle, but in fact, it was a master who was not afraid of anything.
  Otherwise, he wouldn't have dared to kill the Yama's grandson and take the heavenly Dao ruler.
 When he thought of the heaven Dao ruler, he glanced in the direction that Dao Jian had left. Because Dao Jian had gone into seclusion, the heaven Dao ruler had always been with him. He wondered if he had comprehended anything from it. This heaven Dao ruler was not ordinary.
 Even if it wasn't the legendary divine weapon of the eight great families, it was still an extremely powerful divine weapon in the ancient civilization system. For this item, the three great organizations had always been fighting for it.
 "It'll be lively when Li Hao returns!"
 Yao si laughed. Dao Jian was probably not Li Hao's opponent now, but if he became a divine power ... It was hard to say.
 He was also a top heaven's favorite. When he became a super, he also did a lot of research on martial arts. He once went to the sky sword villa to visit Tian Jian, and Tian Jian even came out personally to give him some guidance for a period of time.
 Tian Jian wouldn't look up to ordinary people.
 With the addition of those three guys, they were also first-class in fanning the flames, so it was good to watch the fun.
 When he thought about watching the show and how he was called disgusting by Li Hao last time, he felt a burst of displeasure. 'If I want to watch the show, I'll watch you!'
 Little bastard, you actually want to take me in recently, too much!
 ……
 As soon as Dao Jian came out of seclusion, the news spread very quickly.
 Everyone was paying attention to this peerless genius among the night patrollers. As soon as they went to the nine Dragons Pavilion, people kept coming to find them.
 ……
 Li Hao, who was far away in Silver Moon, actually received the news not long after.
 This time, he brought a communication Jade from Silver moon's system. However, Li Hao didn't usually look at it, so he didn't pay much attention to it when he saw the message.
 He didn't say anything when big eyes and the other two attacked last time.
 Previously, Dao Jian was in seclusion and didn't appear, so he didn't care.
 So what if he was a genius?
 Don't interfere with me. If you do, even a genius will become useless.
 ……
 Three days after returning to Silver Moon.  Li Hao came to cat head mountain again.
 Outside the Imperial Palace.
 The little tree's aura rippled, and its source overflowed. It seemed a little tired, but its aura was much stronger. The tree had become much larger than before.
 "I didn't fail you!"
 Drops of the spring of life were condensed. Li Hao took out the large water tank he had made last time. In the past, he had felt that one drop was a lot, but now, he had 500 drops!
 Although it still couldn't fill the big water tank, at least it wasn't invisible.
 "Congratulations!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "It seems that you've improved a lot, senior." Li Hao also laughed.
 "It's not an improvement. I've only recovered a little. I've always been in an extremely poor state."
 Little tree's spirit fluctuated for a moment, and he said,""You're leaving?"
 "En!"
 "Yes." Li Hao nodded."Silver Moon won't be experiencing any major changes for the time being, so I'm going out for a while."
 "To the central region?"
 "Yes,"
 ,m "It's said that there's a huge Heavenly Star Mine there?"  "Senior also knows?
 "There are some mentions in my memories."
 Little tree swayed his body as if he was looking at Li Hao. After thinking for a while, he said,""Previously, I said that I would help you condense a few origin source runes. However, your strength has improved greatly now, so you might not need it ..."
 Li Hao wanted to say, I want it!
 But before he could speak, little tree said,""After thinking about it, if you help me resuscitate, I can't be ungrateful as a Guardian of the Imperial Palace. So, I have an idea ..."
 Little tree seemed to be struggling, but he still said,""I'll cut half of my source to create a clone. It won't be too strong, only slightly stronger than you, but it has some intelligence ... You can carry it with you!"
  "However, unless it is absolutely necessary, do not place my clone outside."
 "Next, you can exchange divine power stones or origin God weapons ... You can directly exchange with my clone, which can also produce the spring of life."
 "I'll use my father's body as a carrier. You can place me in your body or in the storage ring ... However, I can't sense the outside world in the storage ring, so I might not be able to appear immediately ... If I place me in your body, I can sense everything instantly!"
 Li Hao opened his mouth in surprise.
 Little tree, you want to go out?
 Alright, not all of them, but it had to go out halfway. This ... Didn't it mean that the Imperial Palace was not far away?
 Of course, he had left his main body here and had only cut off half of the origin.
 At this moment, Li Hao quickly considered the pros and cons.
 After a moment, he asked,"if senior's clone follows me out ... Will it be dangerous?"
 "I'm not too sure ... But if my strength doesn't exceed the limit, it shouldn't be. The danger now is that the world is fragile, the void is easily broken, and there isn't enough energy to stabilize the space ... Once I attack with my full strength and break the void, I might be cut to death by the turbulent flow of the void before the enemy is killed!"

 "This is also the reason why you rarely see powerful existences appear. The void today is much more powerful than it was decades ago. When I woke up, it was really weak. "
 Before the first superpower recovery!
 Li Hao understood.
 He quickly thought about the pros and cons of bringing little tree along.
 Of course, there were many benefits.
 A personal guard, a monster plant that could create the spring of life at any time, and an existence that could create a Holy Land for cultivation at any time.
 However, there were also disadvantages!
 Little tree's strength was stronger than his, would he be tempted by money?
 Would he have other thoughts?
 Of course, it might be a good choice to put it in the storage ring.
  Li Hao thought quickly. A moment later, he slowly said,""Alright! This is also convenient ... But senior, I'm going to heaven battling city next. If senior's clone follows me, will it affect me?"
 "Heaven battling city ..."
 "Right!"
 Li Hao nodded."I'm going to get some things. I'll be back soon."
 Little tree really wanted to say,"come and find me after you're done."
 Li Hao quickly said,"I'm going. I'll go to stellarsky city from there. If senior wants to go out ... You can only cut it now."
 “……”
 The little tree vaguely understood.
 Just because it was inexperienced, it did not mean that the monster plant was an idiot.
 Intimidate?
 He roughly understood what Li Hao meant.
 Little tree hesitated for a moment, but he still sent out a mental message,""That's fine ... But ... But ... As a monster plant as well, general Huai of heaven battling city ... Won't ... Eat me, will he?"
 "That definitely won't happen!"
 Li Hao felt guilty, but he immediately said, that definitely won't happen! That's my territory, can I let it eat senior?"
 The small tree struggled for a while!
 However, for the future, for the sake of its recovery, it had to follow Li Hao.
 After much consideration, he made a decision.
 I'll go!
 A moment later, the small tree began to shake violently. On the ground, the crystal-like tree that had collapsed gradually shrank and disappeared. In the end, it turned into a small crystal tree.
 The little tree's aura instantly became much weaker.
 The loss of cutting its origin was very heavy. Of course, if the clone returned successfully, it would not be a big problem. Once the clone died, half of its origin would be gone. In the worst case, it would lose its life, and in the worst case, its realm would drop.
 This also required a lot of determination!
 The mini tree appeared in front of Li Hao. The tree's aura was weak, and its voice was much weaker. "Don't abandon it unless you have no other choice ... Otherwise, I might die!"
 Li Hao was a little surprised. This was really a huge investment!
 "Senior, are you not going to consider it?"
  Nonsense!  Little tree wanted to curse. 'I've already cut it, and you're asking me if I want to consider it? do you really think that cutting is not painful?'
 It was equivalent to cutting himself in half!
 Do you want to try?
 However, for the sake of a better future, it endured it and slowly said,""No need, are you going to let me enter your body, or ..."
 "That ... Let's just go with the storage ring. I'm sorry to have to trouble senior!"
 Li Hao said helplessly,"I also want to put senior inside my body. Unfortunately, the starry sky sword can barely enter my body now. It likes to release sword Qi randomly. I'm afraid I might accidentally hurt senior. It's not very appropriate!"
 Alright, this reason was amazing!
 The small tree didn't care.
 As long as you get the divine power stones and origin divine weapons, you can give them to me first. The rest are just minor details.
 Li Hao put the mini tree into his storage ring.
 A moment later, he took out a pile of seeds.""Senior, how long will it take to grow the food I need from these seeds?"
 "Breed ... Poor! I need to improve it. It's a very Bad Breed. Three months. "
 Li Hao sighed with emotion. As expected, it was the worst!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com And this was the best breed that director Zhao had mentioned. It seemed like in this era, even rice seeds were far inferior to those from the ancient civilization.
 The little tree's main body was still there, so it didn't have much of an impact on the cultivation of these.
 And Li Hao didn't stay any longer.
 This time, he had gained a lot!
 Little tree's clone, 500 drops of the spring of life, and about 2000 sets of armor Huang Yu had collected for him. If he were to change to the heaven battling Army, they would have all kinds of armor. The black armor Army had more than 1000 sets of armor.
 There was also some armor that Li Hao didn't recognize. He didn't know where he got it from or whether it was from the regular army.
 Li Hao didn't stop and continued to rush toward the transverse Canyon.
 This time, the Black Panther acted as a Mount. He was also tired from flying.
 ……
 In heaven battling city, Li Hao had returned.
 This time, director Wang sensed it and was surprised. Why was it here again?
  The next moment, the entire heaven battling city trembled slightly. Looking down, one could see that a large tree that almost covered heaven battling city seemed to have trembled.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had released little tree to intimidate him.
 The small tree seemed to be trembling. It didn't make a sound, as if it had died.
 He was shocked in his heart!
 He was still alive!
 Not only general Huai, but the other monster plants in heaven battling city also did not seem to be completely dead. They were just wrapped by general Huai and retained some vitality. Perhaps they could also be revived.
 The small tree was trembling.
 As for director Wang, he didn't wait for Li Hao to visit him. Instead, he flew up to the city gate and saw Li Hao and the mini tree.
 He seemed to be thinking about something, but he soon disappeared again.
 Li Hao continued to move forward with the small tree and soon reached the city gate. When they reached the city gate, the small tree suddenly fell to the ground and transformed into a tree as tall as a person. It bent slightly toward the two characters "Zhan Tian," as if it was bowing.

 Li Hao was a little surprised, but he quickly felt relieved.
 It seemed that little tree knew the origin of these two words. Perhaps someone in the Imperial Palace had mentioned it back then.
 After the bow, the small tree turned back into a mini tree and floated above Li Hao's shoulder.
 "Regiment commander li!"
 The three Regiment commanders landed on the ground again. They looked at Li Hao, then at little tree, and were both surprised and confused."Monster plant? Where did you get it from?"
 "The Imperial Palace."
 "The Imperial Palace?"
 The seventh leader seemed to have thought of something and said after a while,""Oh ... The Imperial Palace ... The abandoned Imperial Palace? I remember ... I vaguely remember that there used to be a tree by the door ... But ... It doesn't seem to be this one ..."
 "That's my father!"
 Little tree's spirit fluctuated slightly.
  Li Hao looked at little tree in surprise.""You can communicate with them?"
 The three guild leaders communicated with him through their armors and not through pure spiritual fluctuations.
 "They're both of the same origin. Their origin hasn't completely dissipated yet, so they can naturally do it. "
 Li Hao understood. So that was the case!
 The seventh leader also said,"so that's how it is!" It's a pity ... But it's normal. It's been so many years, and many people in the heaven-battling Army have died. We've all rotted away. Time makes people old, and it's lucky that we survived!"
 "It's a pity that general Huai hasn't recovered yet. Otherwise, I could have a chat with you. "
 He didn't say much and looked at Li Hao.""Commander li, are you going to the military camp?"
 "Yes, I want to exchange it for some Warframes."
 "Did you get the armor again?"
 "Yes."
 "It seems that your enhanced group will have to continue to expand!"
 Li Hao chuckled and didn't say much. He quickly led little tree back to the military camp.
 After entering the city, the small tree became even more silent.
 The next moment, a sentence appeared in little tree's heart: "Did your father die? I remember that when the Imperial Palace was abandoned, only your father didn't want to leave. After that, the person in the cat Palace gave you a cat fruit, but it didn't save you?"
 Little tree was shocked!
 Who was it?
 The next moment, a tortoise appeared in the depths of his heart."It's me."
 "Senior!"
 A voice emerged from the bottom of little tree's heart, somewhat shocked,""Senior is still ... Still ..."
 "I'm a divine weapon, I can't die, why wouldn't I be here?"
 "But ... Starry sky sword ... Wind chasing boots ..."
 "They're different from me. I'm the weapon soul of an ancient divine weapon. The starry sky sword and the wind-chasing boots were modified later on. The sword venerable doesn't like divine weapons with self-consciousness, so he asked the cast God to reforge them. Moreover, even if there were weapon souls, they wouldn't survive the next battle in the hands of the sword venerable ..."
 That was true!
 The small tree understood!
 Based on the sword intent of the sword venerable, it was either you die or I die. Whoever became the weapon soul of the starry sky sword would be miserable. He had to change it every three days. Otherwise, if he slashed out, there would be no weapon soul left.
 "Senior, I ..."
 "It's fine, we're just having a casual chat. There's nothing to be afraid of. You're the descendant of the Imperial Palace's guards and have inherited your father's business. Although it's only a temporary imperial residence and has been abandoned ... You've been recognized by Lord cat tree after all. I won't do anything to you!"
 Little tree was embarrassed and didn't dare to say more.
 The cat Palace naturally had a high status!
 But ... What era was it now? who knew what the situation was like here? moreover, it was just an abandoned Imperial Palace, not a real one.
 The old turtle's figure also gradually disappeared.""Don't mention me to Li Hao, and don't tell him too much about the past. The past is the past. Don't let the existence of neo martial arts interfere with this era! Just let nature take its course!"
  "Junior understands!" This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Yes."
 The old turtle completely disappeared, and the small tree quieted down.
 Li Hao, however, knew nothing about it.
 ……
 In the Armory.
 When Li Hao took out a few thousand sets of armor, Zhang Liang was somewhat speechless. "Let's not talk about the star Army, they're still a regular army! What was this junk? "This ... This is the armor provided by the security Department of the martial arts university. Do you think you're exchanging it for regular military armor?"
 "This, this is the guard armor used by the caravan. You want to exchange for it?"
 "This is ... This is ... My God, this is child armor! This is for the children to play house, you're using it to exchange?"
 At this moment, Zhang Liang was extremely disdainful.
 "Sending over all kinds of junk. I'm really ... Really ... Speechless!"
 Li Hao was also embarrassed.
 Weren't they all armors?
 Zhang Liang couldn't take it anymore. He did a final count and said speechlessly," 2200 of them. There are only 1600 of them from the regular army ... The rest are all trash!"
 "Director Zhang ..." Li Hao's face was full of smiles.
 "Vice Director!"
 "I know, I know. It's like this, didn't I change 2300 sets before? I originally had 100 sets, and the Wei Wu Army had 500 sets ... A total of 2900 sets of armor. I thought, how about exchanging these for 2100 sets? To round it up, 5000 people! It couldn't be scattered, it wouldn't be good to make a small number, right? They had embarrassed the warring heavens Corps. They had more than 4000 people, and hundreds of them had been killed? I thought we suffered losses!"
 Did this make sense?
 A little!
 However, Zhang Liang was still speechless."How can I do that ... Although what you said makes sense, if I give you a few hundred more sets of Armor All of a sudden, this is the Armory. I'll be punished by the military!"
 At this moment, a voice appeared in Zhang Liang's mind,""Give it to him!"
 "Division commander ..."
 Zhang Liang was stunned. In the next moment, he cursed in his heart. Bastard who got in through the back door!
 Bah!
 Shameless!
 But the teacher had already spoken, what else could he say? he could only say,""Forget it, what you said makes sense. I'll give you 2100 sets!"
 "Thank you, director Zhang!"
 "Vice Director!"
 Li Hao didn't care about this. He was very happy. It was really nice to give it to him.
 Little tree was also very shocked. Could this be done?
 Didn't they say that the heaven-battling Army had strict military discipline?
  Soon, he felt a shiver down his spine. Sure enough, Li Hao was still doing well. Even in this place, he could still do as he pleased. There were indeed people in heaven battling city who supported him.
 At this moment, little tree was shocked.
 That's amazing!
 The descendants of the eight great families were really able to blend in like fish in the water ... Of course, the Li family was the worst!
 It seemed that even heaven battling city had to be wary of the sword venerable's reputation.
 Soon, Zhang Liang returned with the armor and threw it to Li Hao. Then, he ignored him. I don't like people who get in through the back door!
 Li Hao didn't care. He instantly slipped away with a smile.
 As for the master, he didn't enter the door. He saluted him outside the building and immediately ran away, in case he said that he didn't inform him that he was back.
 In the office.
 The ninth Division commander was also speechless. How perfunctory!

 Silver Moon.
 White moon City.
 Early in the morning, a line of cars crossed the long Street like a long Dragon.
 A Black Flag with the word 'li' written on it was hung high in the air, fluttering in the wind. It was like the roar of a Tiger, looking down on the forest.
 In the surroundings, some people were watching.
 Looking at the convoy, he was a little puzzled.
 Garrison troops?
 But why had he never seen this flag before?
 Some people were curious.
 There were more than 20 large vehicles and several small ones. Such a formation had happened once at the beginning of October when one of the Silver Moon tycoons, the head of the night patrol, hou Xiaochen, had entered the central region.
  What about this time?
 "Which great general is going on this trip?"
 Someone couldn't help but ask in a low voice.
 In the distance, on a large carriage, someone's ears twitched slightly as if he had heard something. He shouted loudly,""The governor of heavenstar, the military governor of heavenstar military governor's office, the head of the Silver Moon Nightwalker, military governor li, will lead an Army to heavenstar today to suppress the turbulence in heavenstar. Demon Hunter Army will follow!"
 The moment these words were said, it was rather surprising.
 Wasn't Governor li in Heavenly Star?
 When did he come back?
 Of course, this was not important.
 The crowd instantly burst into a commotion and whispered,""Is this a war? Not long ago, Minister hou took away thousands of martial masters, and today, Minister li took away so many martial masters ... Are you going to take the Silver Moon Martial Master to Heavenly Star and turn the world upside down?"
 "We, Silver Moon, are still the strongest! Didn't you hear me? Lead the Army to Heavenly Star to suppress the turbulence...Hehe ... Let's show those guys from the South The Power of Us Northern men!"
 “……”
 Everyone was discussing it.
 Unlike the low-key trip last time, there were many people on this trip. Li Hao originally wanted to return to stellarsky city in a low-key manner, but there were too many people. In the end, Silver Moon suggested that they do the same thing as last time, openly and directly head to stellarsky city in a fleet of vehicles.
 The Silver Moon Army had 1000 people, and the demon hunt squads had a few dozen people, even more than the last time the Wei Wu Army went out.
 However, there weren't as many powerhouses as last time.
 As of now, the strongest member of the demon hunt squad was Liu Long, who had just entered the spirit accumulation stage. Apart from him, there was the three yang level Wang Ming, as well as Hao lianchuan, who refused to leave no matter what and insisted on following them, who was actually at the peak of the three yang level.
 According to Hao lianchuan, the peak of the three yang realm was useless in Silver Moon. If there was no major event in the realm, the three yang realm would be wasted.
 The surrounding people discussed animatedly.
 These people also straightened their chests and stood on the truck, giving off a different kind of prestige.
 The demon hunt squads had two separate cars, and behind them were the 1000-man guards dispatched by the Silver Moon Army.
 At this moment, a young general in a military uniform was also looking around from the car behind. His Adjutant beside him lowered his voice and said,""Captain, the demonic sword hasn't appeared yet."
 The young man nodded slightly and did not say anything.
 He didn't know how he felt when commander Yu asked him to lead his subordinates and follow Li Hao to Heavenly Star.
  In Silver Moon, it was very difficult for war to break out.  However, heavenstar was a Dragon's pool and a Tiger's Den, where magical powers were as abundant as clouds. In one battle, more than a dozen magical powers had fallen, and the rising sun was like grass. The thousand-man guard he led was originally a strong Army, almost all of them at the critical point of martial masters, almost one step away from becoming a tenth realm Martial Master.
 All the Centurions were true martial masters, and this chiliarch was a Martial Master who had broken through the 100th level.
 But ... But what was this?
 In the era where transcendents were rampant, when martial masters broke through the thousand-fighting era and transcended classes, even if this Army was equipped with firearms, they would not be able to defeat a three yang.
 They might be able to force the three suns to retreat, but a random sunguang ... Could destroy them all in an instant.
 He did not understand why commander Yu would send such an Army to stellarsky city.
 They didn't understand why a person like demonic sword would need them.
 To do odd jobs?
 Or to build up momentum?
 In his opinion, Wang Ming's earlier words about suppressing the turmoil in Heavenly Star were a joke. He was just trying to make himself look good. Compared to the Wei Wu Army that had left with Minister hou last time, they were far inferior.
 It must be known that the Wei Wu Army had almost a thousand people, and almost all of them were over a hundred martial masters. There were also many Qian fighters and Jin Jin Gang.
 And what are we?
 He turned his head and looked back. Among the soldiers in the carriage, some were excited, some were nervous, some had low self-esteem, and some were uneasy.
 Clearly, they also felt that they were too weak.
 They were the elites in the Silver Moon Army, but everyone knew that they were too weak outside of the Silver Moon Army.
 Despite the countless thoughts in his mind, he still shouted in a low voice,""Be on guard and Scout the surroundings. After leaving the city, the vanguard will open the way ..."
 Beside him, the Adjutant sighed and said in a low voice,""There's no need for us, Captain. Didn't you see that the demon hunt squad in front already had someone get off the carriage to Scout the way ahead?"
 The young man frowned."They are them. We are us. Just because they did it doesn't mean we won 't!"
 The Adjutant actually wanted to say that it was useless.
 If someone really wanted to kill Li Hao, it would be useless for them to investigate.
 However, at this moment, it was not appropriate to say anything.
 A group of carriages quickly drove out of the city.
  ……
 At the same time.
 Very quickly, a Scout spread the news.
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Heavenly Star City.
 At the inspection Office.
 The inspector checked his communication Jade and laughed. He shook his head and didn't bother to say more.
 A demon hunt squad formed by Li Hao himself, consisting of 1000 Silver Moon soldiers and more than 50 of his old subordinates.
 The strongest one was Dou Qian Sanyang ...
 The 1000 Silver Moon soldiers were all ordinary people, and there were only a few martial masters ...

 What's the use of sending 100000 soldiers to stellarsky city with such an Army?
 Not to mention 100000, even if you brought 1 million, it would be useless.
 "A rich man returning to his hometown ... Does he think that he came to Heavenly Star city to enjoy life?"
 The Inspector General was also speechless.
 Why did Li Hao like to talk about ostentatiousness?
 This was not a good thing.
 As the Secretary of the inspection Office, he had seen too many geniuses and knew too many things. Often, after they had succeeded, they would be content with enjoying themselves. Such people would not last long. Li Hao was obviously a little too arrogant after the victory in the battle of stellarsky. He really treated stellarsky city as his home and led a thousand people to clear the way and enjoy the prosperity of the central region.
 He was floating!
 Fortunately, the Inspector General didn't invest too much in this guy.
 He was too young and could not resist the temptation.
  ……
 At this moment, he wasn't the only one who thought this way. Many people also thought this way.
 He brought an Army of a thousand to Heavenly Star. This wasn't the powerful Wei Wu Army, so he should at least have some strength. But he brought a thousand ordinary people here. If this wasn't acting, what was it?
 Even the Silver Moon Army thought so.
 We're just here to do odd jobs and build up our momentum.
 Otherwise, what would the demonic sword want us for?
 Help him kill his enemies?
 Kill the three suns?
 Kill Xuguang?
 Or a killing God art?
 Outside the city.
 The convoy left the city. Li Hao was wearing silver armor, and his golden armor had been turned silver. As usual, he kept a low profile.
 At this moment, Li Hao was standing at the city gate, waiting for the convoy to come out.
 He had wanted to leave first, but he was worried that something would happen to these people. After all, they were too weak, so he chose to stay together to avoid being ambushed and killed. He didn't even know who did it.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The convoy slowly drove over.
 "Stop the car!"
 The car stopped.
 Everyone jumped out of the vehicle, and Liu Long shouted,""The demon hunt squad should have 54 members, but 55 are present. All members are present!"
 There was one more!
 This person was, of course, Hao lianchuan.
 Including Liu Long, they had a total of 50 martial masters, as well as four other supers, yunyao, Li Meng, Hu Hao, and Wang Ming.
 Li Hao looked at Hao lianchuan, frowned slightly, and said in a low voice,""Hao bu, are you sure you want to follow us? Now, Silver Moon Nightwalker, the head is gone, and you, the acting head, are also leaving ..."
 Hao lianchuan stopped smiling and looked at Li Hao. After a while, he said,""I don't want to stay. If I stay, I'll only become weaker and weaker!"
 He didn't want to stay!
  Li Hao didn't say anything else. Behind him, the young man trotted forward and saluted. The Silver Moon Army's salutation was different from the heaven battling Army 's. It was less majestic and only a simple raise of the hand.  "Governor li, 1020 white moon guards of the Silver Moon Army are supposed to be here. 1020 of them are actually here. All of them are here. We will follow your orders!"
 Li Hao nodded slightly and looked at the young man.""What's your name?"
 "Your subordinate is Huang Taiming!"
 "What is your relationship with commander Yu?"
 "Commander Yu is the general of the Silver Moon Army!"
 "I said personal relationship."
 Huang Taiming frowned slightly, but he still said,"Commander Yu is my distant grandfather. My great grandfather and commander Yu's father are cousins ..."
 This relationship could be said to be close, but it could also be said to be far, but it was actually very far.
 In other words, Huang Yu's great-great grandfather and this person's great-great grandfather were the same person. They had been together for many generations.
 From the looks of it, he didn't get in through the back door.
 Li Hao couldn't help but laugh. Recently, he had been concerned about this. Perhaps he had been provoked by Zhang Liang and had always looked down on him, saying that he had pulled strings.
 "Not bad!"
 Li Hao nodded and looked at him."Then you should know that from today onwards, you're no longer a member of the Silver Moon Army. You're a member of the Demon Hunter Army. Are you prepared for this?"
 "Done!"
 Huang Taiming replied loudly!
 "Do you have any complaints about being forced to leave your homes?"
 "No, as a soldier, this is how it should be. It's just ... As a soldier, I hope to be on the battlefield, not ..."
 He hesitated for a moment, but still quickly shouted,""We don't want to become decorations. Even if we are weak, even if we can't withstand a single blow, we don't want to become decorations for transporting miscellaneous items in stellarsky city. We have been in the Army for many years to kill enemies!"
 There was a hint of unwillingness in his words.
 He was not willing to bring it to stellarsky city as a decoration for Li Hao.
 Li Hao laughed,"isn't that obvious?" If you don't kill the enemy, I'll take you to play? I'm very free? I still have money, and I still need to support a thousand of you? I don't even have enough food to eat. Your commander Yu will not pay you guys any more. In the future, I will be the one spending money!"
 Li Hao laughed."So, before you came here, commander Yu must have said that if you come here ... You'll have a 90% chance of dying and a 90% chance of surviving. Are you going to be a flower vase? you're not qualified!"
 Huang Taiming was surprised.
  You really want us to kill the enemy?
 But who ... Who can we kill?
 This was also a big and sad problem. If you didn't want to be a pretty face, you would have to kill your enemies. More importantly, you couldn't deal with any of the enemies Li Hao provoked. You would be courting death if you went.
 "Alright, stop talking nonsense and change your clothes!"
 "What?"
 Li Hao shouted coldly,"change your clothes!" Don't make me repeat myself!"
 With that, armor appeared one after another."Commander Liu, go and help them change their clothes. They will all be wearing armor in the future. The era of firearms is about to end. The era of supers and superhumans has completely arrived! Even a city-destroying bomb is barely enough to deal with an expert. Sunguang can even Dodge it ..."
 Looking at the thousands of armors, Huang Taiming's face changed,"My Lord, this is ..."
 "Call me general!"
 "You guys should have some knowledge," Li Hao said indifferently."This is an ancient armor with extremely strong defense ..."

 Huang Taiming had seen it before, and he even knew that it was the armor of the heaven battling Army.
 However, at this moment, he could not hide his shock.
 "General, this is such a waste!" He could not help but say. As far as I know, these armors will only be more effective when worn by martial masters who are over 100 or even 1000. With so many armors, we ... We ... Are too weak!"
 He felt inferior!
 Li Hao said calmly,"you'll become stronger sooner or later. If you follow me, you won't have to be afraid of being weak." Alright, change your clothes. Otherwise, you'll look weird if you wear something different. Put on your armor and we won't be taking the bus anymore!"
 With a wave of his hand, the giant chariot divine boat that he had left behind in the demon hunt squad appeared, and rapidly enlarged. This time, he didn't plan to go back by car, but rather drove the divine boat.
 If this thing was enlarged, it could fit five thousand people, let alone a thousand.
 He only needed to use some divine power stones.
 Over a thousand people were silently changing, and demon hunt squads "members stepped forward to give pointers, not making any sound. Although this team was weak, their military discipline was a lot better than demon hunt squads, and at least they weren't the least bit chaotic.
 This was also a good thing.
  They were all veterans who had been in the Army for many years. Some of them had fought in Wars, killed people, and seen blood.
 Such soldiers were easy to organize. They would not be constantly disturbed by troublemakers. Huang Yu led the Army, and his troops were relatively disciplined. Besides, everyone knew that Li Hao was a top expert. No one dared to cause trouble.
 Soon, an armored Army of a thousand men appeared.
 All of a sudden, there was the posture of a strict military formation, which appeared particularly majestic and valiant.
 "Do you all know how to use cold weapons?"
 "I will!"
 Huang Taiming, who had also changed into his black cloak, was shocked. He hurriedly said,"Five years ago, commander Yu had asked us to practice using cold weapons in the Army. We, the White moon guards, are good at Spears and sabers, but not at swordsmanship. We can also act as cavalrymen. However, we did not bring our warhorses for this long journey!"
 Huang Yu had put in a lot of effort. Five years ago, he had made the Silver Moon Army use cold weapons, so he had obviously prepared for them. Although hot weapons were powerful, most people could avoid them when they reached the level of over 100.
 When it came to a thousand-Man Machine gun ... Small handguns and the like were almost useless. Even cannonballs were useless, as they were too slow to hit.
 This saved him a lot of trouble!
 "Take your time to get used to Black Phoenix. Black Phoenix has its own weapons, and they are one with the armor. There are many ways to use them, and you can choose any weapon you want. With Black Phoenix around, even if you are slightly weaker, ordinary dark moons will not be able to break through your defenses. Just the shock alone might kill you ..."
 When ordinary people put on the armor, their defense would be at the level of over 100 or Yue Ming. Their strength would increase instantly. Of course, this was still far from enough!
 "Board the spaceship. Leave the carriage behind for Silver Moon to retrieve!"
 The ship landed and the divine boat expanded. It was also much more complete than before, with more functional areas.
 No one said anything. It was very quiet, and they began to board the ship in an orderly manner.
 Liu Long glanced at Li Hao, somewhat shocked. Where did he get so much armor?
 Of course, he did not ask.
 Everyone boarded the ship together.
  Li Hao continued to wait below.  A moment later, a small car stopped at the city gate. Deputy Director Zhou walked out and panted,""I'm late, I'm late ... I left a long time ago, but old Zhao just had to stop me and pester me ... I'm sorry, I'm sorry ..."
 Li Hao chuckled."It's normal that director Zhao is reluctant to part with director Zhou. After all, we've worked together for 40 years. How many 40 years can there be in a person's life?"
 "AI, who said it wasn 't!"
 Director Zhou also laughed. He looked at the spaceship in front of him and said,"Take the Flying Ship?"
 "Yes, it's more convenient."
 "It's pretty good, but it's a money-grubber. "
 He took another look and saw the black armor soldiers. He raised his eyebrows slightly, but he was not surprised. After all, Li Hao had said that he was a senior now, and it was normal for him to have thousands of sets of armor.
 "Then board the ship?"
 "Please!"
 Deputy Director Zhou smiled,"Governor!."
 Li Hao laughed and boarded the ship. Behind him, Deputy Director Zhou looked around. "Where's Heibao?"
 "I went to do something. I'll be back soon!"
 Deputy Director Zhou didn't ask anymore.
 When they boarded the ship and entered the cabin, thousands of people stood in silence.
 When they saw Deputy Director Zhou, they were all surprised.
 Everyone who spent most of their time in Whitemoon city was familiar with this person. Why was the Deputy Director of the administration Bureau here?
 Li Hao said,"director Zhou accepted my invitation and joined the Demon Hunter Army!" From today on, director Zhou will be the Chief of Staff of our Demon Hunter Army!"
  Everyone was a little surprised!
 From a Deputy Director of a province to the Chief of Staff of a 1000-man army, even if it was the Demon Hunter Army led by the demonic sword, this ... Wasn't the difference too great?
 On the other side, Hao lianchuan raised his chest.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He really wanted to tell Li Hao that he was the acting head of the night patrols.
 This old man Zhou is the Chief of Staff, but what about me?
 Director Zhou laughed."Thank you, Li Shuai, for thinking so highly of me. In the future, everyone will be my colleagues. Please take care of me."
 "I don't dare!"
 Several experts spoke one after another. This person was a high-ranking official. They were surprised that Li Hao could poach him. Director Zhao was about to cry, right?
 No one had any objections to him becoming the Chief of Staff. At least he had managed hundreds of millions of people and was good at logistics and finance. The Army needed such a person.
 As for strategy, he was not sure.

 Li Hao also said,"please choose your cabin according to your number. You don't have to stay here all the time. There are places to rest on this divine boat. Huang Taiming, you can stay here!"
 "Yes!"
 "Don't say yes, take back your promise!"
 "Yes!"
 Everyone responded one after another. This was the good thing about being a soldier. They didn't ask much and just did what their commander said.
 On the side, Deputy Director Zhou stroked his beard and smiled. He glanced at Li Hao. Was he going to restore the heaven battling Army's tradition?
 Li Hao's heart wasn't small.
 In the ancient civilization, the heaven-battling Army was considered an elite army.
 ……
 After the others went to the back cabin, there were not many people left.
  Li Hao didn't say anything. He got on the bow of the ship, and the divine boat took off. The huge spaceship flew into the distance.
 "The newly joined white moon guards are too weak. They need to be strengthened!"
 "Not to mention anything else, at the very least, I have to enter the tenth realm first. It won't be too difficult for me to break through to the later stage of the hundredth realm ..."
 Li Hao continued,"breaking through 100 is a threshold ... But if you can't level up, I suggest you break the superpower lock and become a superpower!" Superpowers did not require a high level of comprehension. Breaking the superpower lock was enough. If more than 100 martial masters advanced, they would probably be able to enter the glorious sun realm. Only then would they be able to improve rapidly! After all, the Shi of a Martial Master is not easy to comprehend. "
 Huang Taiming's heart was moved, but he didn't say anything. He just nodded.
 Whether they were supers or martial masters, it was enough for them to become stronger.
 It didn't matter. They were different from Hong Qing and the others. Hong Qing had been a Martial Master since he was young, and he had been a Martial Master all along. He had a deep understanding of martial Dao and had the opportunity to comprehend the existence of force.
 These soldiers had very little understanding of martial masters. It was too difficult to comprehend force on their own!
 On the other hand, it was much easier for supers to level up.
 At the side, Deputy Director Zhou wanted to show off. He smiled,""Leave these small matters to me! This includes the treatment, welfare, and calculation of military merits. Leave them all to me. "
 Li Hao glanced at him. Deputy Director Zhou smiled and said,""A thousand people is not a big problem. I can deal with them alone. However, if there are more people in the future, I may need some help."
 One person!
 Li Hao's heart moved slightly, and he nodded. This old man didn't waste time.
 Of course, I spent 200 drops of the spring of life and the central continent sold it for 20 million divine power stones. I could get a large Army in exchange, but I got this old man in exchange. This small matter was really nothing.
 Seeing that Li Hao had agreed, Deputy Director Zhou smiled,""Li Shuai, since the trip has been made public, let's make a big show of the fierce tiger flag and let everyone know that the demonic sword is here! This time, we're going through Linjiang and the three northern provinces. We don't need to make a move, just intimidate the northern provinces!"
 "Along the way, we have to raise our flags and drums. This is a form of deterrence and also a form of fame. We have to let the world know that where the ferocious Tiger flag is, it is where Li Shuai is! Sometimes, when you're not around, even a flag can be used as a divine power!"
 Li Hao's heart stirred. He nodded in acknowledgment.
 "On the way, we can exterminate some bandits to increase our coordination. The demon hunt squads will be in charge of attacking, while the White moon guards will be in charge of cleaning up. We'll first learn how to coordinate ... Fighting with a large Army is different from fighting with a small army."
 Deputy Director Zhou said a few more words. Li Hao didn't reject them and nodded.
  The huge flying ship was very fast as it streaked across the sky.  He began to Cross City after city.
 At every city, someone would shout, and the governor of heavenstar would pass by. For a time, the ferocious Tiger flag, Li Hao, and the spaceship spread throughout the Silver Moon land.
 p ……  Linjiang.
 The governor's mansion.
 Fan Chang frowned slightly. Below him, someone gritted his teeth and said,""That Li Hao is too arrogant. He flew across the sky in his spaceship and didn't allow anyone to stop him. He didn't even restrain himself when he arrived in Linjiang!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "From the route he's taking, he might even pass by our Linjiang Prefecture ... Governor, should we teach him a lesson?"
 Fan Chang glanced at him and said after a long while,""Are you going to deal with it?"
 He was an existence that had killed many experts with the ability of God!
 Li Hao's strength was vastly different from that of the Battle of the North Sea.
 "A city-destroying bomb ..."
 Fan Chang glanced at him,"you dare to move?"
 The city-destroying bombs were indeed powerful, especially Li Hao's arrogance. He had come in his spaceship and shot hundreds of them at Li Hao. Li Hao might not be able to dodge them and die.
 But ... Half of Linjiang was gone!
 More importantly, what if he ran away?
 What's the point of killing those ordinary soldiers?
 The general below did not say anything else, but he felt a little aggrieved. It was a large province, after all, but Silver moon's men had just flown past it without any intention of stopping. They were too arrogant!
 This Li Hao is really ... Crazy!
  Fan Chang didn't say anything. If the heavens wanted him to die, they had to first make him crazy!
 Li Hao was indeed very arrogant now. He had brought a thousand people with him, but they were all weaklings. He really thought of himself as an invincible expert and crossed the continent directly. He was probably not the only one who was dissatisfied with him.
 However, at this stage ... They could only tolerate it and give in.
 He was a guy who dared to kill the director of the ninth Department!
 Even the nine divisions did not make things difficult for him, so how could he expect his Linjiang province to fight with Li Hao?
 You must be joking!
 The next moment, he frowned slightly and walked out. At this moment, in the Linjiang Prefecture, someone looked up at the sky. It seemed to be dark, covering the clouds and the sun!
 "The governor of heavenstar is advancing. Where is the governor of Linjiang?"
 "Come forward and pay your respects!"
 His cold voice reverberated in all directions, causing the hearts of everyone in Linjiang Prefecture city to tremble!

 p Demonic sword?  How arrogant!
 Everyone had already heard that devil sword had led the Army into the central region these few days and would soon pass by Linjiang Prefecture. They didn't expect that he would really come and that he would directly ask the governor of Linjiang to pay a visit as soon as he arrived.
 Strictly speaking, both parties were on the same level.
 Was this a provocation?
 The people of Linjiang Prefecture were all frightened.
 In the governor's mansion, near fan Chang, some people had ashen expressions. Fan Chang pressed his hands and rose into the air. He laughed heartily,""Fan Chang greets Marquis heavenstar!"
 He was just about to say a few more words when he heard someone say indifferently,""Step down. I'm just passing by. Under Governor fan's rule, it's chaotic and full of bandits. It's time to reorganize. The Army is inferior to the bandits, and you killed the good to claim credit. When I return to Heavenly Star, I'll definitely write you a book and reflect on it!"
 Fan Chang's expression changed and turned ashen!
 I gave you face but you didn't want it!
  This Li Hao is too domineering!
 Who Do You Think You Are?
 'You ...'
 He wanted to get angry, but the giant ship had already passed by. Li Hao's voice rang in his ears. "You're lucky that I don't intend to touch you now. Otherwise, don't think I've forgotten about the Battle of the North Sea! You dared to attack me. If it wasn't for the nine divisions restricting me, I would have killed you today!"
 Fan Chang's heart trembled slightly. He didn't say anything and silently landed on the ground. His eyes were filled with hatred.
 His strength was inferior to others!
 Although this was his territory, if a war really broke out ... Even if he could rival divine powers, if Li Hao really went all out, his years of savings might be gone.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was obviously still wary of the nine divisions and did not dare to kill any high-ranking officials.
 However, if he were to take the initiative to pick a fight with them ... The other party would not be afraid.
 He somewhat understood why Li Hao had flown past him. He was deliberately provoking him.
 "Hmph, I won't fall for your trick!"
 Fan Chang cursed in his heart. He didn't say anything more and allowed the big ship to fly away.
 At this moment, the people of the Linjiang Prefecture were secretly shocked. However, they also had a little anticipation. Would the demonic sword really accuse Governor fan Chang?
 Could he deal with him?
 The people had no means of living, and the Army was inferior to bandits. That was the true portrayal!
 They were looking forward to it ... But they also knew that it would be difficult. It was difficult for the central continent to reach the North, and although Li Hao was from the North, Silver Moon could not reach Linjiang either.
 However, on this day, the people of Linjiang knew about Li Hao, about the ferocious Tiger flag, and about Li Hao's arrogance. They directly berated the governor of Linjiang to his face.
 ……
 On this day, the big ship continued to cross the sky.
 Wherever it went, bandits and troops all retreated. The power of the demonic sword's divine power had not dissipated yet.
 ……
 North Sea.
 On the coastline.  A dog was lying on the shore, waiting. In the water, the waves were rising and falling.
 A moment later, a huge snake stuck out its head. Its huge head was like a millstone, and it said with a spiritual wave,""Demon venerable, can Lord li really help me transform into a Dragon?"
 Black Panther ignored him.
 The Python didn't mind, but it was a little apprehensive. The Black Panther had rushed to Mount kui overnight yesterday because Li Hao still had something to do. The Python had previously provided some help, and Li Hao had promised to find the method to dragonize for it.
 Although he didn 't, he knew how to advance, so he naturally wouldn't forget.
 Thus, he asked the Black Panther to inform the serpent to wait for him at the North Sea.
 "Demon venerable, there are also demons in the North Sea. If I enter the North Sea rashly, it's easy to cause a conflict ..." He said.
 "Roar!"
 The Black Panther transformed into a huge golden dog, and its aura was turbulent. The huge snake slithered on the surface of the sea, and instantly became silent.
 That's right, the demon venerable was here, his status was noble, what was there to be afraid of?
 Even if there were demons in the North Sea, they would have to submit!
 Only then did the Black Panther restrain himself. This large snake was so annoying!
 While they were talking, a huge spaceship came across the sky. The snake was excited.
 BOOM!
 The ship fell into the sea.
 While Liu Long and the others were still in shock, an incomparably huge snake appeared in an instant. Its spiritual energy fluctuated as it said,"The little snake kuishan pays his respects to Grandmaster!"
 Li Hao laughed heartily,"you're too kind, Snake King!" I've remembered that Snake King didn't expose my identity to the Duke of dingguo that day. A few days ago, I went to the ancient city to ask my elders about the technique of dragonification and gained something ... But I had military affairs to attend to and couldn't go to Mount kui. That's why I had Black Panther inform Snake King to wait for me. I've neglected you!"
 "Great senior's words are too serious!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The Snake King became even more pious. This was a top-notch figure, and he had even specially gone to the ancient city to help her ask. He was really thoughtful.
 The giant eyes scanned the people at the bow of the ship. He didn't care much about the others, but when he saw the smiling Deputy Director Zhou, he was a little afraid. However, he quickly understood. It was normal, Grandmaster was a strong person with an ancient civilization.
 Deputy Director Zhou and the others also looked at the snake. This was the Snake King of Mount kui?
 Very strong!
  He must be at the peak of the transformation stage.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, stepped down from the sky. Without saying anything, he reached out to grab its huge head, and his voice resounded in the Python's mind."The elders in Gu city said that you are from the snake Race, and that snakes and Dragons are not the same race. There is no need to pursue the Dragon Transformation wholeheartedly! Don't aim too high. Just purify your bloodline. I'll use the Li family's divine sword to purify your bloodline. It won't be difficult for you to advance your divine power!"
 The Python's heart trembled. He didn't want to transform into a Dragon?
 Was he too weak?
 Snakes and Dragons were not the same race ...
 Every sentence was reflected in the Python's mind. The Python was a little dazed. This was the guidance of a peerless expert. It naturally had to remember it.
 In the next moment, a special force gushed into his body.
 The Python instantly felt the difference!
 His blood was boiling!
 The Python was a little restless. Li Hao kept injecting sword energy into it and continued to say,""Snake King, you have attained the divine power realm and can be considered a top-tier demon in this world. Among the seven divine mountains, the sky ROC and Phoenix were created by the flying Demon tribe. Why didn't you establish the Mount kui sacred ground to take in the demon beasts and even the sea demons?"

 "Great senior ..." The Snake King was moved.
 "Mount kui is divided into the northeast and the North. The North is where I, Silvermoon, live. Sooner or later, Silvermoon will rule the world and regain its glory! When the world is United, perhaps we will need your help to rule the East!"
 "In addition, the demon clan is scattered now. Some of them even kill innocent people and eat humans indiscriminately. Snake King, you have become wise early and should know the glory of the human clan. Once the demon clan acts recklessly, it will only cause heavy losses to the demon clan. Now that the world is in turmoil, we should ride the wind and rise. Since ancient times, the demon clan has been Supreme. Why can't a new king be born today?"
 The Snake King's heart trembled, but she didn't dare to make a sound. She quickly absorbed the sword energy, and her blood boiled even more.
 He was considering what Li Hao had said.
 Was this person trying to dominate the world?
 Mount kui established the Holy Land of the demon race and absorbed all the demon races from all over the world to fight for this person and conquer the eastern continent?
 Many thoughts appeared in the Snake King's mind. She carefully transmitted her voice,""Grandmaster, the kui mountain demon race is not strong enough. Even if I, this little snake, attain the divine power realm, there are only a few Sunglow demon race members ..."
 He was indeed very strong!
 However, compared to the seven great divine mountains, it was still lacking a bit of Foundation. Even the transformation of the rising light was much less.
  "No harm! As long as you're strong enough and can help me, I'll use the power of the divine sword to help you purify your bloodline. Sooner or later, you'll be able to reach a higher level!"
 "The second recovery is about to begin. If you don't work hard ... You won't have a chance anymore! Once the ancient Fey is resurrected and the ancient Fey plant appears, you modern Fey will all become vassals!"
 The Python trembled."The second recovery is coming soon," Li Hao said."Don't miss your last chance."
 "Great senior's words are correct!"
 The Snake King responded quickly. He also had some ideas.
 "In addition, the snake tribe can also enter the sea. I may still need your help in the North Sea. I killed the North Sea King a few days ago, and he has many Archdukes under him ... The North Sea is in chaos now, so this is your chance!"
 "I understand!"
 The Python didn't dare to say much. Its bloodline power was already lacking before it could become a divine power. With Li Hao's help, its bloodline was purified rapidly. In an instant, the Python's body glowed with golden light!
 Between heaven and earth, mist rose.
 In the next moment, it was as if a Great River was flowing. That was the power of the bloodline. The great snake raised its head, and its tail slapped the surface of the sea, causing huge waves to surge into the sky!
 BOOM!
 Loud bangs reverberated in all directions!
 A moment later, a huge snake appeared, covering the sky and the sun. Its body was even faintly glowing with golden light.
 Director Zhou took a look and was a little shocked.
 The sword was extremely effective in purifying the bloodline of the demon race!
 This giant snake had easily crossed the barrier and entered the divine power level.
 At this moment, the Black Panther was also a little envious. He glanced at the Python. However, this was the result of the Python's many years of accumulation and not an overnight success. It just lacked a catalyst!
 The sword energy was the catalyst.
 The snake's huge eyes were filled with excitement.
 "Many thanks to great senior for granting my wish!"  The Snake King was extremely excited. He had advanced and didn't need to transform into a Dragon. As expected, the ancient city's expert was right. He was too ambitious.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Purifying the bloodline of his own race instead of pursuing the Dragon Transformation, perhaps ... This was the correct path.
 The snake's body was so strong that even Li Hao was slightly shocked. No wonder the demon clan could establish two divine mountains.
 This guy didn't seem to feel any discomfort after attaining the divine power level.
 This was equivalent to stabilizing his realm.
 It wasn't like other Sacred Arts, which required the stabilization of the five internal organs.
 This Python had attained the divine power realm and was probably not weaker than Hu Xiao!
 "You're welcome. I was the one who promised you!"
 Li Hao also smiled."But please remember, Snake King. Whether it's humans or demons, they have their own ways of cultivation. Eating humans ... Is not the right way!"
 "Little snake, I will remember this!"
 The big snake lay down and didn't dare to say anything.
 "Please do as you please, Snake King. I'm heading to the central continent ..."
 "Little snake, open a path for Grandmaster ..."
 The Snake King didn't dare to say anything more and moved forward quickly. A channel had been opened up in the sea, and the giant ship followed behind. There were no demons or pirates on either side. Just by looking at the body of the giant snake that reached the sky, one could tell how powerful it was!
 People who saw this scene from afar were also shocked!
 This demonic sword was truly capable.
 ……
 Deputy Director Zhou touched his beard and smiled. He then transmitted his voice to Li Hao,"Well done. It's good to plant a nail in the demon race first. I can see that this snake is very afraid of you."
 "Only those who know more will be afraid. Someone has taught this snake before!"
  Director Zhou nodded his head and said, "That's normal. There are many extraordinary people in this world. Don't underestimate them!"
 There seemed to be a hidden meaning in her words. Li Hao nodded and did not ask further.
 He sat down cross-legged and continued to cultivate.
 A large amount of mysterious energy surged into his body and vibrated continuously, activating the superpower lock.
 He had many things to do when he returned to stellarsky city this time. It would be a joke if he didn't have enough strength.
 Director Zhou took a look and then looked at the people cultivating in the cabin. He felt emotional. He didn't know if it was a blessing or a curse for these people to meet Li Hao.
 As long as they had enough swords, their strength would improve very quickly.
 However, the more powerful he was, the more dangerous it would be.
 Also, Li Hao, did you forget about the 200 drops of spring of life? why haven't you given them to me?
 [PS: I'll be updating on Saturday. It's a good time to adjust. My writing has been a little messy recently. I should be able to return to normal after I return to Heavenly Star.]

 (I had hotpot last night and opened my heavenly aperture.)
 Heavenly Star City.
 Everyone knew that Li Hao had returned to Heavenly Star from Silver Moon.
 As for the thousands of soldiers he had brought back, no one cared.
 The imperial family, on the other hand, was looking forward to it more. Li Hao had even brought ordinary soldiers with him. This guy was really planning to take root in Heavenly Star, which was a good thing. Every day he was here was a day of suffering for Jiusi.
 Therefore, at this moment, in the Imperial Palace.
 "Marquis heavenstar is about to return," a voice said."Xiaojiu, go to the North City to welcome him and show the imperial family's favor!"
 "Yes, father!"
 In the huge Hall, a young man bowed and accepted the order.
 After walking out of the main hall, the young man walked for a while and crossed a few palaces and gardens. Finally, he found a person in a small drill ground and smiled."Master he, Marquis heavenstar is about to return. My father asked me to pick him up. I'll have to trouble master he to help introduce him to me."
  He Yong turned his head to look at this Prince. After thinking for a while, he nodded and laughed,""Alright!"
 In the past few years, he had been doing well in the royal family and had a good relationship with the ninth Prince, who was gradually gaining power.
 In the early years, this person's talent was not obvious, his strength was weak, and his mother's family was not strong enough, so no one in the Imperial Palace cared about him.
 He Yong was just looking for trouble and teaching him martial arts in secret. He did not expect him to be so talented. After a few years, he became stronger and stronger. As the supers continued to advance, strength was more and more valued.
 Now, the ninth Prince had become the most popular candidate for Crown Prince.
 The current generation of the star royal family had yet to determine the position of Crown Prince, mainly because of the nine divisions.
 He Yong turned his head to look at the royal family members who were practicing martial arts and chuckled."Then you guys practice first. I'll be back soon. If I'm free, I'll bring the demon Sword to the palace and make out with everyone ..."
 His words made many martial arts practitioners a little excited.
 Of course, the southern Fist was just for show.
 ……
 After a while, Nan Quan and the ninth Prince gathered together.
 The ninth Prince looked gentle and weak, but his cultivation was extremely high.
 At this moment, as usual, he was calm and humble.""Master he, I've only heard about Marquis heavenstar, but I've never had any contact with him. Is there anything I need to pay attention to?"
 Nan Quan laughed."There's nothing to take note of. If you're sincere, give him some treasures. He'll be happier than seeing anything."
 The ninth Prince couldn't help but laugh.
 "It's not a joke," Nan Quan said seriously."We Silver Moon martial masters are poor, so we have a small problem in this aspect. When we see a treasure, we can't take our eyes off it!"
 The ninth Prince paused for a moment, then nodded and said nothing. This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As he walked, he thought about it. After a moment, he said,""Master he, do you think Marquis heavenstar will continue to do something with his return? I'd rather be satisfied with the current situation and gain a firm foothold in stellarsky city. Then, I won't take any further actions ..."
 "It's hard to say!"
 Nan Quan shook his head."Although I've worked with him many times, Li Hao is still young. He does things on his own. Sometimes, it's purely out of interest, and sometimes, it's out of anger. It's hard to tell what he's up to."
 The ninth Prince didn't know if he didn't want to say it or if he really wanted to say it, but he didn't ask any further.
 Li Hao ... You'll know when you see him.
 Everyone knew that the imperial family wanted to win Li Hao over, so there was no need to hide anything.
 ……
 Outside the stellarsky city.
 On the star sea.
 The divine boat bobbed on the surface of the sea.
 Li Hao and the others stood at the bow of the ship, looking at the flourishing stellarsky city in the distance.
 The North was still in a cold winter, but stellarsky city was like spring all year round. Compared to the chaos in the North, this place seemed particularly peaceful without Li Hao's disturbance.
 Deputy Director Zhou stood at the head of the boat and looked into the distance. After a while he said,""The second superpower resuscitation might not be in Silver Moon. Heavenstar might be the key."
 Li Hao couldn't suppress his curiosity,'what's the cause of the revival of superpowers? The release of energy between heaven and earth? Then where did this energy come from? It can't just appear out of thin air, right?"
 "Yes."
 Deputy Director Zhou nodded."There are many reasons. The first time it was restored, it was because they broke through a ruin. That ruin should be connected to a Giant Mine. It was originally sealed, but after it was broken, all the energy in the giant Mine leaked out, causing the heaven and earth energy to start recovering."
  "Of course, there's another reason. The monster plant that originally sealed this Giant Mine has died completely, which led to energy leakage and caused the first recovery."
 A sealed monster plant?
 Li Hao's heart moved."The monster plant has always existed in the giant Mine. It means that it doesn't lack energy. Why did it die?"
 A monster plant like this should be more powerful and stronger than the other monster plants.
 Deputy Director Zhou laughed,"the heavens and earth can't accept it if it was born early. The void is broken, the turbulence is killing, and the air is invading ... These are all the reasons that caused the monster plant to die. Maybe because of this, the other monster plants and monsters understand that the world is different now and they can't be born so easily!"
 Li Hao understood.
 It was said that the first revival was related to Ying Hongyue and the others. He didn't know if it was caused by accident or on purpose.
 As for the exact details, no one knew except for the people involved.
 Deputy Director Zhou said that the key to the second revival might be in Tian Xing city ... Could it be the big mine in Tian Xing city?
 After all, the mine in Heavenly Star Town was a huge mine that had once satisfied the energy needs of the eight great cities. It was so massive that it had supplied the entire Silver Moon with energy reserves.

