1330
word 'fire' appeared, Li Hao seemed to see the way ahead.
 He was very excited!
 It wasn't just the improvement in his strength, but also the experiment this time. He seemed to have probed out some of his future paths and knew how to move forward.
 This road seemed to be very long!
 Each word contained a force, each word contained a Meridian, and each word contained a divine ability!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In this way, he seemed to have a long way to go.
 "That's too much of a commotion!"
 Li Hao actually wanted to test the other four techniques.
 After the 'fire' character returned to its position, everything was restrained. He didn't seem to have the feeling of being unable to withstand it anymore. This way, he could completely perfect the four words sacred art separately. Perhaps they wouldn't be able to explode together, but this would solve a huge problem for him.
 Momentum!
  If he could use all five words, he would be able to contain the superpower lock and his force would not be affected. He would not have to seal it again like the Martial Master and he would not have to worry about the risk of the superpower lock breaking like the other divine powers.
 The improvement of his strength was not important. What was important was that he could perfect himself and integrate all the messy existences he had learned.
 "Whether it's a secret technique or a breathing technique ..."
 A breathing technique!
 Li Hao's heart trembled. Breathing technique ... One word for one Meridian, then could one word plus one breathing technique be added?
 He didn't learn many secret skills, but they were very complicated.
 The breathing technique of five birds, the Willow catkin sword, the Shadowless Sword, the ninth refinement force, as well as the many secret techniques he had obtained from the king of the plains, had been integrated into the words. Could the words breathe?
 "For example, water force, a force formed from the ninth-refinement force. Force has its own intelligence. In the past, I had to change my breathing technique ... Now ... Can I use a single word and technique?"
 Breathing techniques were also a unique feature of this era.
 During the ancient martial arts era, there was no breathing technique that was specially matched with it, and martial arts were universal.
 The breathing technique was a limitation.
 However, breathing techniques could also bring out unique effects and were more targeted. Perhaps it was not as inclusive as ancient martial arts, but it still had some more characteristics.
 However, there were too many breathing techniques, and they were too complicated.
 Even someone as strong as Yuan Shuo had only fused the breathing technique of five birds.
 But what if ... Each word and technique, each technique and each force were stronger than the other?
 Shi had its own consciousness. Now that it was sealed within the characters, could the characters breathe?
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly had an idea.
 It was as if he had broken some shackles and gained spiritual intelligence. Or rather, the contact, observation, and learning these days were all erupting. He had seen too much and seen too much.
 The clash between ancient martial arts and modern martial arts made him think of many things.
 "Fire Tiger ... Use the fire breathing technique ..."
 As Li Hao thought, the words appeared again.  He was thinking about the fact that the breathing technique of five birds could be combined, which meant that it was originally separated. What was a separate breathing technique of fire?
 The teacher definitely knew.
 However, his teacher didn't teach him. Instead, he taught him the breathing technique of five birds.
 He quickly looked through the secret techniques in the storage ring. There were many secret techniques in the king of the plains Guild. He wanted to try and see if there was a secret that could form a fire on its own. If there was, how about letting the Tiger breathe?
 At that time, wouldn't every character be self-cultivating?
 Li Hao's eyes flickered, and he suddenly became extremely excited.
 He quickly looked through all the secret arts, searching for any secret art that could form fire. After a while, he frowned slightly, as if he had thought of something, and suddenly activated the Golden flame communication system.
 "Martial uncle Nanquan!"
 "What are you doing? Did the third god art really succeed? If that's the case, I'm afraid you really have no hope of becoming a Martial Master ... Li Hao, don't do anything rash!"
 Nan Quan seemed to have wanted to communicate with Li Hao all this time, but he didn't have the authority to do so. It was only when Li Hao contacted him that he had the opportunity to speak his mind.
 With some regret and blame, he said,'two divine powers are enough, why pursue a third one? At the current stage, no one is doing this, but you insist on doing it alone ..."
 "Martial uncle Nanquan!"
 "I remember your secret technique. It's brutal and bloody, and it's going to be explosive ..." Li Hao interrupted him.
 "What's wrong? Can't I?"
 "No, I'm just asking, what's the name of the southern Fist martial uncle's fist technique?"
 Nanquan was a little confused, but he still replied,""Heaven shaking fist, one of the ancient martial arts inheritances. It's just that it's been improved from generation to generation, so it's different from before. I've always wanted to change it to the bloody Lion King fist of the heaven battling Army. It should be helpful to me ..."
 "Martial uncle Nanquan, I'll find a way to help you exchange for it. First, you have to teach me the secret technique of the heaven shaking fist, including the breathing technique. If I remember correctly, your fist technique is unparalleled in its dominance and explosive power ..."
 è‰1!
 The southern Fist cursed. Silver Moon martial forest's Secret technique was like killing one's parents and stealing their inheritance. Their hatred was unforgivable!
 Li Hao, this B * stard, actually wants my secret technique!
  Bah!
 How could I possibly pass down my secret Arts to you? what were you thinking?
 "Uncle-master Nanquan, 10 drops of the spring of life!"
 "Li Hao, don't go too far ... Don't think that I'll pass on the secret technique to you just because I'm helping you now. This is the trump card of my Southern Fist ..."
 " 20 drops. Forget it if you don't want to trade. If I remember correctly, I'm not lacking in Fire Force secret Arts. I'll go find someone else ..."
 "Don 't!"
 "Deal!" Southern Fist quickly replied." 20 drops, not a single drop less. I'll send it to you immediately!"
 Li Hao is unmoved. I knew it.
 There's nothing you can't trade with your Southern Fist.
 It was just a secret technique. The secret technique of the southern Fist was not a particularly powerful secret technique. The strength lay in the southern Fist himself, not his secret technique.

 A moment later, a message came from the southern Fist.
 This included the breathing technique.
 "Li Hao, you have to keep your word. I disobeyed my ancestors and gave you the secret knowledge of the he family ... You can't ..."
 "Come and get it from me later!"
 "Alright!"
 ……
 In the Imperial Palace, Nan Quan's spirits rose.
 20 drops!
 He had earned quite a bit recently. Last time, Li Hao had given him a few drops, and this time, he had given him 20 drops. As for the secret technique of Southern Fist, what was it?
 His secret skill wasn't that strong.
  Compared to the secret skill of five birds, it was not worth mentioning.
 He was strong because he was powerful!
 If Li Hao wanted to trade ... He could just give it to him.
 While Nan Quan was excited, he was also a little confused. What did Li Hao want his secret technique for?
 To be honest, his secret skill of five birds was much stronger than his own secret skill. It was also very comprehensive and included all Five Forces. To complete the fusion of five secret skills, Yuan Shuo was simply a celestial being.
 Why didn't he practice the secret technique of five birds and come to practice his fist technique?
 If it were secret techniques of other attributes, such as light, darkness, or life, Li Hao would still be concerned about them. After all, the secret technique of five birds did not include them. But fire ... What was there to be concerned about?
 He was puzzled, but he couldn't be bothered to care.
 Anyway, I've earned it!
 Could it be that Li Hao's fire god art had appeared and he couldn't control it, so he hoped to use a secret technique to control it?
 He thought about it for a while and stopped thinking about it.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Li Hao had also obtained the breathing technique of the heaven shaking fist. As for whether or not the heaven shaking fist had comprehended the fire power, it was fine as long as the general direction was similar. Momentum was something that was often generated according to one's heart.
 For example, Liu Long's father had comprehended the power of fire, while Liu Long had comprehended the power of water. This was very unique.
 Above the words, a fierce tiger appeared.
 As for Li Hao, he quickly circulated the breathing technique heaven shaking fist, which he was still not familiar with. His divine will fluctuated and projected a fierce tiger. The Tiger crouched in the air as if it was learning, but in reality, the Tiger was Li Hao's spiritual incarnation.
 In an instant, the Tiger seemed to have started to use a secret technique.
 In the blink of an eye, a monstrous fire appeared.
 In the next moment, the ferocious Tiger clenched its fist and punched ... Flames soared into the sky!
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly. It really could!
 At this moment, he was truly shaken. In that case, his own guesses and thoughts could all be realized?
 Each word felt like a clone!
 "This is simply unbelievable!"
 Li Hao was shocked. This was unbelievable.  Could Shi be used in such a way?
 His sudden idea was proven to be feasible again.
 If the force of melting water transformed into the Word 'water', would he be able to circulate the nine forging force breathing technique at the same time?
 If it was possible ... Every word was a clone, an independent Martial Master. If it was integrated by the superclass of sword intent, could it burst out with more powerful power?
 One had to know that it was impossible before this. He could only circulate a breathing technique.
 "The five Forces can operate five different breathing techniques. Can I use the breathing technique of five birds? no, I'll use the breathing technique of five birds and control the sword intent. Does that mean ... I can use the effect of six breathing techniques in one strike?"
 Li Hao's eyes flickered crazily.
 Can I?
 Perhaps ... He could!
 He wanted to give it a try ... But at this moment, the commotion was too big and had attracted the attention of many people. He had just shown the fire, and if he showed any other momentum, it would be easy to make people afraid.
 The outside world thought that he had broken many superlocks.
 He had not expected the commotion to be so great. He had only wanted to cultivate in secret as the Black Panther was capable of devouring everything. However, it seemed that the Black Panther was too weak and useless to block out all the commotion he had caused.
 Trash Black Panther!
 "I need to find a place where there's no one around to continue experimenting. I need to convert all my other four elements into words. Even if I can't use them at full power, my body is only weak. Once my body's five organs are strengthened, I'll be able to use all seven elements!"
 Li Hao's heart trembled. By then, unless the experts of the ancient civilization appear, who can rival me?
 Even if it's Ying Hongyue, can she defeat me?
 With this idea in mind, he suddenly felt a little restless. He didn't want to continue thinking about it. Instead, he hoped to put it into practice. Although it didn't seem very stable at the moment ... But, so what?
 He wouldn't die!
 How bad could it be?
 Superpowers, aren't they just randomly unlocking superpowers?
 He didn't see them all dead!
 "Where can I go to block out such a big movement?"
 Heaven battling city was a good choice, but ... It was too far.
 If it was nearby, it would be difficult to cover up such a huge commotion. Everyone knew that it was Li Hao who was unlocking the SuperLock. If he activated it too many times, others would be worried.
  "The four Seas are quieter ..."
 Li Hao thought to himself,"perhaps the effect of entering the sea would be even better, especially if I can open up the water force."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was a little impatient.
 At this moment, it began to study the character "fire." At this moment, the Tiger seemed to be breathing. A stream of power began to circulate in its heart, and it had the taste of internal strength circulation.
 The words seemed to really be breathing.
 The wind and thunder attributes in his body were no longer violent. However, Li Hao probably couldn't complete the outline of the characters for these two attributes in a short time, because he hadn't comprehended them yet.
 "Senior uncle Hong, I'm going out for a while ... I'll be back soon!"
 Li Hao sent a voice transmission to the outside. Hong Yitang frowned slightly.
 Where are you going now?
 Also, have you completed your three Sacred Arts?

 To be honest, he couldn't understand it.
 But since Li Hao had said so, he had nothing to say.
 "Be careful. Everyone's paying attention to you. Just now, hou Xiaochen acted as a threat, so the nine divisions won't dare to rashly investigate you ... If you're going out, you should come back soon!"
 "I know!"
 Li Hao quickly restrained his fire. He suppressed the wind and thunder, summoned the Golden flame, and covered himself with the mirror fragments. Everything was restrained. In the blink of an eye, Li Hao disappeared.
 ……
 On the star sea, Li Hao didn't stop. Instead, he dove into the sea and instantly headed toward the end. He was going to enter the four Seas.
 The Stardust sea wasn't big, but it was extremely long. It stretched from east to west, and could reach the East Sea to the West Sea.
 Li Hao pondered for a while and then headed east, entering the East Sea!
 He had killed the big-bearded pirate in the East Sea, and there were few experts there. The West Sea might attract the attention of the Duke of the West, so no one from the Xu family dared to go to the East Sea to investigate anything.
  Li Hao was extremely fast. He pierced through the ocean and rushed toward the east Ocean.
 At the very least, he had to complete the merging of the water forces and veins in the eastern sea.
 ……
 Li Hao didn't know how long it took him to gallop all the way. When he entered the East Ocean, the sky was already dark.
 Li Hao continued to rush toward the center of the East Ocean.
 If he wanted to complete the "water" character here, he should be able to. At least, before the spring of life was used up, there should not be any big problems.
 ……
 At the same time.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Heavenly Star City.
 At this moment, it was quiet again.
 There was no movement in the North City, and he didn't know if Li Hao had completed the development of the third divine ability.
 In the nine Dragons Pavilion.
 The secretaries sat in the private room and drank. None of them said anything. The old secretaries were not here, so they were all the current secretaries.
 The criminal law secretary drank his wine, his eyes cold. After a long time, he said,""We're just going to let him continue to improve? If he managed to attain the third sacred art, would he still be far from the fourth or fifth? Do you really have to breed a Tiger?"
 The few of them didn't say anything.
 Then what should he do?
 Fight Li Hao to the end?  He wasn't alone; there was the Silver Moon Martial Master, hou Xiaochen, and Hong Yitang. The imperial family had been watching from the sidelines all this time, so who would benefit from this fight?
 Now, although a few divine powers had died, they were not seriously injured. Only the criminal law department had really suffered serious injuries.
 After Hu Xiao's death, the head of the criminal law Division was filled with thoughts of revenge.
 The Secretary of the Internal Affairs Department was a little fat and had small eyes. At this moment, he comforted her softly,""Old Hu, don't be impatient! What good would it do to fight with Li Hao now? "Let's wait a little longer. Once the second recovery begins, the things we control will be able to play a huge role! At that time, what will Li Hao use to fight?"
 "Don't forget, he also has heaven battling city behind him!"The criminal law Division's Secretary coldly said.
 "I know, I know!"
 The Minister of Internal Affairs nodded,"but when that time comes, will heaven battling city have a chance to recover and emerge?" From all directions, how many people wanted to go to Silver Moon? When that time comes, the first to be destroyed will be the Silver Moon. Not just us, but also the royal family, the three great organizations, the various sacred mountains, and those fellows who have been hiding from the world ..."
 "The ancient civilization has already been destroyed. The neo martial Army of the past has already become a thorn in the flesh for all parties to strengthen themselves. They are also our powerful resources ..."
 In any case, the meaning of his words was ... He couldn't touch Li Hao.
 At least not now.
 At the side, the Meritorious Service division Secretary also said softly,"The most important thing now is not this, but ... We need to strengthen ourselves! He had been hesitating and fearful before, but now, he could not continue! "I'm sure all of you are feeling the pressure. Don't save and don't hesitate anymore ... Use the divine power stones to exchange for more spring of life to strengthen your five internal organs. Yuan Shuo is not willing to teach the breathing technique of five birds to others ..."
 Previously, they had not exchanged much.
 He was not ... Worried!
 They were worried that the monster plant would be too powerful and recover too much. They would not be able to control it and would be controlled by the monster plant instead.
 Li Hao was bold, and he had colluded with heaven battling city. The sapling was afraid of him, and the sapling was too young. However, for the nine divisions, exchanging too much spring of life meant that the monster plants would recover more. In this case, risk and opportunity coexisted.
 However, Li Hao had already broken through the third divine power, so he couldn't just stand by and watch.
  The few of them looked at each other hesitantly.
 "Then ... If too many of the monster plants are revived ..."
 "At least for now, they won't dare to come out!"
 The Meritorious Service division Secretary said in a deep voice,'you can't give up on food for fear of choking. Otherwise, even if you don't die at the hands of the monster plants, you'll die at the hands of Li Hao! Also, the royal family was a little unscrupulous. The royal family might have ... Provided a lot of divine energy stones to the monster plants! They're already so unbridled, what else do we have to worry about?"
 Since that was the case, everyone should just do the same!
 The Secretary of internal affairs said softly,"let's not hide it from each other. To be honest, the monster plants from each family ... What exactly are the prices they offered us?" The royal family offers 100 thousand for a drop ... The one they're raising offers at least 50 thousand for a drop ... What about you guys?"
 Obviously, to become one of the nine divisions, one must have their own independent ruins, and there must be monster plants. As for whether it was one or more, no one knew.
 The few of them didn't speak, but each of them was thinking about something.
 What was the price?
 Sometimes, it was not good to leak this thing so easily. It was considered a secret.

 If the royal family were to sell it at 100000 a drop, they would almost never buy it because they knew that the price was too expensive. However, for those powerhouses who had no connection with monster plants, it was still worth buying it.
 "It should be about the same," someone said softly after a long time."I ... I'm offering 60000 Yuan a drop ... It might be a little more expensive than the royal family ..."
 "Is that so?"
 The crowd laughed and roughly estimated that it was about 50000.
 "To stabilize the third type of god art, you'll need to stabilize your five internal organs and physical body. Without around 100 drops, I'm afraid it'll be difficult to stabilize ... About five million divine power stones in exchange for stabilizing the three types of god art. Do you think it's worth it?"
 This was not a small number!
 Instead, it was a huge, astronomical figure.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for whether it was worth it or not, that would depend on the individual.
 Less than 50 drops were enough to stabilize two God Arts, and the consumption was even greater to stabilize three.
 Five million divine power stones was not a small amount to either party.
  The few of them looked at each other and did not speak.
 As for whether everyone would do it after they returned ... It was hard to say, but there was a high probability that they would choose to do so. Someone whispered,""It's impossible to spend so much on monster plants to condense the spring of life. I suspect that these monster plants are at least five times more expensive. Maybe one drop can be exchanged for ten thousand Yuan ..."
 No one said a word.
 Was there any other way?
 The spring of life is in his stomach. If you don't give it to him and he doesn't want to trade, what can you do?
 "They've taken too much for themselves. They're recovering in preparation for their birth ... The more they recover today, the more they'll be able to come out after the second superpower recovery. Once the space stabilizes, we might all be working for them for free!"
 He still had to put some restrictions.
 However, none of them said anything about this matter and only had their own thoughts.
 "By the way, do you think Li Hao stabilized his three divine abilities with the spring of life or the Li family's divine sword? No matter what he had used, he should have used up all of his previous spoils ... The only question was whether he had exchanged them in heaven battling city. But as far as I know, the monster plants in heaven battling city are extremely powerful, and it's said that they're difficult to revive ... How did Li Hao revive them?"
 This was also what they were puzzled about.
 What should he rely on?
 "Could it be other monster plants?"
 "Li Hao is so young and hasn't explored many ruins. Where can he find a second monster plant ..."
 That was true!
 The more they thought about it, the more their heads hurt.
  But now, he could only watch Li Hao grow stronger. But on second thought, even if Li Hao grew stronger, his previous gains would probably have all been used up.  At this moment, someone else said in a low voice,""The martial arts university that the Financial Secretary gave out ... The monster plant and ancient demon can not leave the remains, but the remains are hidden from the world and the space is stable ... If Li Hao uses up all his energy this time, he may want to enter the remains to search for treasures. However, after entering ... What do you think?"
 As soon as he said that, the few of them were shocked and did not speak.
 After a while, someone asked softly,"will he go?" "This martial arts university isn't too dangerous, and there aren't many treasures either. Would he rashly explore it?"
 "What if there are treasures? The Silver Moon Martial Master doesn't have many divine power stones, and he only has one huge mine. When it was first revived, it was all taken away by the various ruins. Now, in the entire star dynasty, only the central region has a huge mine ... If there were enough treasures, would the Silver Moon Martial Master not take the risk?"
 "But ... I can try!"
 The few of them didn't continue speaking, but instead began to think.
 Of course, the price to pay for doing this alone was too great.
 However, if they worked together ... It would be best if they could stop Li Hao in the remains.
 If it didn't work ... It wouldn't be a bad idea to consume the monster plants.
 "The fey plant is powerful. If they pay the price, they might be willing to cut out their source, or even ... Even a clone! It'll be best if we can keep Li Hao here. If not, and Li Hao kills Yao Zhi instead ... That'll be even more interesting!"
 The criminal law Division Secretary left after saying this, and the people who stayed behind did not say anything. They drank tea with each other and were deep in thought.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't care about anyone's scheme.
 He was only sketching out the second divine power character.
  In the kidney, the waves were monstrous. One of the Super chains broke and the waves in the East Sea were monstrous. With a rumble, it triggered a tsunami that caused some pirate ships in the distance to retreat.
 There had been a lot of huge waves in the East China Sea recently. The impact of Yuan Shuo blowing up the East China Sea bridge was still there today. No one cared about the huge waves in the East China Sea.
 "Gather!"
 His qi and blood gushed out, and his divine intent burst forth. Gradually, a ball of words took shape. Li Hao felt that his vitality had been sucked dry. For a moment, he found it difficult to continue. The spring of life continuously shattered and fused into his five internal organs.
 The drops of spring water instantly nourished his body and five internal organs.
 The sword energy kept flowing into Li Hao's body, helping him repair his body. Breaking another superpower lock put a greater burden on Li Hao's body. Li Hao also vaguely felt that his divine will was not strong enough!
 If this went on, he might be able to break other locks and melt the words, but it would be difficult to control them.
 "The second ... Should be the limit ... Next, I have to strengthen my physical body, divine intent, and blood Qi. Only when I'm strong can I have the confidence to break the other chains ..."
 BOOM!
 In the sky, a storm appeared once again. Lightning flashed and even flames appeared.

 It was like an underwater volcano erupting!
 At this moment, in the depths of the sea, in all of the top-secret places, the ground began to shake. In fact, it even spread to the other seas. In the North Sea, a Greater Demon opened its eyes once more, looking a bit confused.
 The last time the origin Energy appeared, it had opened its eyes to take a look. It was not normal for the origin Energy to appear so early.
 It represented recklessness and reckless behavior.
 But this time ... It seemed like there were some changes in the world. What had happened?
 In the eastern sea, there were also a few top-secret places that were trembling slightly.
 There were even extremely withered demonic beasts that struggled on their last legs and opened their eyes to look at the outside world.
 Was the second recovery coming?
 ……
 Heavenly Peng mountain, one of the seven divine mountains.
  At this moment, on the sky ROC mountain, a huge sky ROC opened its eyes. The next moment, it disappeared and entered a secret place where countless bones were seen.
 In the distance, a huge bird-shaped creature that looked like a skeleton sent a weak mental wave.""The second recovery ... Is it about to begin? I can already feel the fluctuations of heaven and earth ... Space seems to be gradually stabilizing!"
 "Grandmaster ... There are no signs of a second recovery for now. The second recovery might come from the ancient town of Heavenly Star. The recovery might only be complete after the great Heavenly Star Mine is shattered. Right now, the imperial family and the nine divisions are in control of the great Heavenly Star Mine. I'm afraid they are still trying to prevent the arrival of the second recovery ..."
 "Is that so?"
 The skeletal bird no longer sent out any mental waves.
 Then why would there be a slight change in the world?
 "Grandmaster, I'm afraid that there are already experts with three different types of abilities in the world. Soon, there might even be four, five ... I ..."
 "You think you're not strong enough?"
 "Yes."
 The sky ROC's psyche fluctuated."Right now, all sides are rapidly growing stronger. I heard that there's also a change in Phoenix Mountain. Perhaps the great venerable Phoenix is starting to recover ..."
 The skeleton was silent for a moment."I'm not a monster plant. Of course, the monster race doesn't necessarily need the spring of life to strengthen itself. We have strong vitality and a strong body ... The key lies in the strength of our bloodline ... If you can provide me with ten million divine energy stones, I will give you a drop of blood essence!"
 The heavenly Peng flapped its wings and was somewhat silent.
 Ancient Fey blood essence!
 It had indeed dreamed of it.
 However, the great honored warrior's price was too high. It was ten million divine power stones, which was probably even more appetizing than the monster plants. However, the monster plant's spring of life had limited improvements to the monster race. On the other hand, the power of blood essence, which had the same origin, had a significant effect on the improvement.
  "Grandmaster, there's too many. I'm afraid it'll be difficult for me to gather all of them. The weaker I am, the less competitive I'll be. It'll be harder for me to get more divine energy stones or the spring of life ..."  You and I share the same interests. If I'm not strong enough, how can I help you get more benefits?
 The heavenly Peng was also very dissatisfied with this existence that could possibly be its ancestor. Being too greedy wasn't a good thing. Cooperation was a win-win situation.
 If you don't provide me with enough benefits and I don't become stronger, how can I help you obtain more benefits?
 The skeleton seemed to be in deep thought as well. After a long time, it sent out a mental message. "It's not that I'm stingy, but I'm different from monster plants. I'm too severely injured, and I need more energy to recover. You know, monster plants have long lifespans, but the monster race is a little worse ... If you think it's inappropriate ... How about this, if you can get 100 drops of spring of life, I'll also provide you with a drop of blood essence ..."
 The heavenly ROC flapped its wings slightly.
 One hundred drops of the spring of life were only sold by the royal family at the moment. The price was also ten million divine energy stones, but ... The royal family was only doing it for money. If he found a monster plant to work with, he might not need that much.
 In this case, he could indeed save a little.
 It seemed that the recovery of a demonic beast was indeed more difficult than that of a demonic plant. Otherwise, this person would not have asked him to exchange the spring of life first, then the blood essence. He might as well have asked him to exchange it by half.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I'll try my best ... Grandmaster, the second revival will stabilize the space. Won't the monster plants revive in advance and regain their strength? wouldn't that be ... A great advantage for us monster beasts?"
 This was what it was worried about.
 The stock price said slowly,"no, no, no. When the time comes for the revival, the monster plants will go against the trend even more than us. It's harder for them to transform and move. Even if they can, they're not as fast as the monster race. Perhaps the revival will be stronger, but the monster race has always suppressed the monster plants since ancient times ... There's no need to worry!"
 The heavenly ROC was slightly relieved. In that case, he could purchase a batch of spring water of life. However, the price offered by the royal family was too high. 100000 for a drop ... It would be better to just exchange it for blood essence.
 Where could he find a monster plant to cooperate with?
 Recently, were there any remains that had been opened that might have monster plants?
  "The martial arts university in stellarsky city? That's only a level two relic. Are there monster plants there?"
 It pondered for a moment. It seemed that this was the only one that would be opened recently. As for heaven battling city, it would be open all year round.
 If he went, he would be courting death.
 The land of Silver Moon was not a good place.
 ……
 BOOM!
 The sky exploded.
 A character swept across the world like a sea wave, flattening everything in the world. The next moment, the character fell, flickered with light, and instantly integrated into Li Hao's body, his kidney. The word "water" was connected to his five internal organs.
 At this point, Li Hao had completed the outline and condensation of the second character.
 But at this moment, Li Hao also felt some pressure. It wasn't the pressure caused by the two characters, but the imbalance of his five internal organs.

 "The third, the fourth, the fifth ... Let's wait for a while and strengthen my five internal organs and physical body first."
 Li Hao looked at the two characters in his body and smiled.
 If he were to go all out now, would he be able to suppress those divine-tier elites?
 Easily suppressed?
 I'm not sure, I've never tried it.
 "It's almost time. The next step is to grind my skills and slowly strengthen my five internal organs, as well as my physical body and blood ..."
 The word "water" also began to be swallowed and spat out. Li Hao had also incorporated the breathing technique of the ninth-forging force into it. At this moment, the power of the water began to return to his kidney, and the power of the fire was also returning to his heart.
 Li Hao felt that the two successes had proved that this path was feasible!
 "It's just that the consumption isn't small!"
 The sword energy consumption for condensing two characters was huge. He had used up close to 200000 divine power stones. He had only left about a million divine power stones previously, and he had used up close to 40 drops of the spring of life.
  In addition to the 20 drops he promised to give to Southern Fist ... All of a sudden, he only had about 400 drops left on hand.
 "And this is just my consumption ... If I tell others, such as old Hong, and let him have the same consumption as me ... Wouldn't the consumption be too great?"
 Li Hao also scratched his head. After all, Hong Yitang had also turned into a superpower.
 The last time was for his own advancement in power, he couldn't just ignore it and be happy, right?
 If he did ... Wouldn't he have to give up a huge sum of money?
 Why did he feel more poor the stronger he was?
 In heaven battling city, if general Huai wanted to recover, he would have to pay hundreds of millions ... Li Hao had thought that he was extremely rich, but now it seemed that he wasn't that rich.
 "I wonder if the imperial family of the Jiusi Empire has a lot of divine power stones ... If not, Where Can I Get so many divine power stones?"
 Li Hao knew that there was a big mine in stellarsky city.
 With this thought in mind, Li Hao quickly dove into the water.
 This time, the word "water" was imbued with the divine text. In an instant, Li Hao seemed to have pierced through the ocean. His speed was beyond imagination, much faster than some underwater demon beasts.
 He was also extremely excited. The 'water' word sacred art was extremely powerful when used alone. At the very least, the water escape technique was truly powerful.
 He was like a water arrow, much faster than when he came.
 ……
 The next day, Li Hao returned to stellarsky city before dawn.
 When he appeared in front of Hong Yitang and the others, both Hong Yitang and Deputy Director Zhou were confused.
 Three divine abilities failed?
 Li Hao didn't have any fire element.
 How was that possible?
 He could clearly feel the power of wind and lightning, but ... What about the power of fire?
 The fire element that had erupted earlier was clearly extremely powerful, so how could it have failed?
 Hong Yitang frowned,'is the fire Super Lock broken or not? Or could it be that you can repair it with your sword after it broke?"
 Li Hao could be repaired as long as he didn't break completely. Everyone knew that.
 Could it be that he felt that it was inappropriate and repaired it?
 "Take a guess!" Li Hao said with a smile.
 I'm guessing your ancestors!
 Hong Yitang cursed in his heart. Director Zhou also looked at it but didn't see anything. He was a little confused. It was really fixed?
 So, you were playing with everyone yesterday?
 He didn't know whether to laugh or cry!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Are you too bored?
 Yesterday, hou Xiaochen was so angry that he almost exploded, but you went all out. You're playing with yourself, and you're also complaining that you have too many swords, so you're going to pay the price to play with everyone and scare Jiusi?
 You ... Why are you so free?  Li Hao was also extremely excited at this moment. The two of them didn't see it, which meant that the power of water and fire had been completely concealed. This was great!
 Obviously, outsiders could only see that he had the wind lightning sacred art.
 He was still the same two-elemental god art expert from yesterday.
 Why don't I ... Go out and show Jiusi?
 He thought to himself as he revealed a smile. How about going to the night patrol and have a chat with Yao si?
 Li Hao didn't know how strong he was when he used the water and fire god Arts together with the wind and thunder God Arts, but he felt that he would definitely be much stronger than before. However, he might not be able to withstand the four God Arts.
 But no matter what, this was a trump card!
 He didn't need to rely on other people's trump cards. With the addition of the little tree's clone, Li Hao thought that he might be able to ... Kill Ying Hongyue!
 "I must kill a few of them before I can expose myself. Otherwise, I'll suffer a loss!"
 Li Hao thought to himself and smiled."Then I'll go to the night patrollers to see Minister hou, in case he's worried!"
 With that, he turned around and left.
 Behind him, Hong Yitang looked at director Zhou and said,""Do you think he'll do useless things and play with himself?"
 How would I know!
 However, it was obvious that Li Hao didn't develop any other god art. Otherwise, the overflow of three God Arts wouldn't be like this, unless he perfectly restrained the fire god art.
 How could that be possible?
 At this moment, Li Hao swaggered toward Jiusi Street. He didn't conceal his aura, and he even concealed his golden aura.
 When he stepped onto Jiusi Street, some people secretly observed him for a while, and they were all at a loss.
 Not long after, the news spread.
 The powerful cultivators of the nine divisions started to curse!
 Yesterday, because they were afraid that Li Hao would have three elements, they had agreed to pay a huge price in exchange for the spring of life so that they could have three elements ... But in the blink of an eye, Li Hao was still a second element.
 Are you kidding us?
 Is he deliberately consuming our resources?
 After all, millions of divine power stones were an astronomical figure for them. Now that Li Hao had not advanced, they had. Were they going to kill Li Hao after they advanced?
 It was really ... F * cking hell!
 The powerhouses cursed in their hearts. Is Li Hao still doing human resources?
 ……
 At the night patrollers 'headquarters.
 Yao si also quickly received the news. He laughed in spite of himself and was somewhat speechless. After a long while, he said, not knowing whether to laugh or cry,"Is it because he's too free that he has to create some excitement for Heavenly Star City? On Jiusi's side, if he really paid a huge price to attain three elements, wouldn't he be making things difficult for himself?"
 There's such a person?
 I've learned a lot!
 Although it was expensive for the nine divisions strong practitioners, they had really improved. What were they after?
  Perhaps after a period of time, they would be able to make it naturally, or they would have to pay a smaller price. In a hurry, they would definitely have to pay a greater price. But Li Hao didn't gain anything either!
 "Governor li is definitely hiding his strength!" Xiao Ye said with certainty.
 Yao si wanted to roll his eyes!
 What was she thinking?
 Which one of us isn't much stronger than you?
 Are we all blind?
 We can't even tell if it's two or three elements?
 Besides, Li Hao didn't hide it on purpose, which meant he was showing off, as if he was telling everyone that he had fooled them!
 So F * cking childish!
 At this moment, Yao si also shook his head. This kid was still too young, too tender. Sooner or later, he would play himself to death.

 At the night patrollers 'headquarters.
 Li Hao's arrival still caused some ripples.
 At the entrance, the Nightwalker on guard saw Li Hao and immediately shouted,""Greetings, Governor!"
 The few guards all straightened their backs.
 Behind the door, the night patrollers who were wandering around in disorder also retreated to the sides of the road. As Li Hao stepped in, they immediately shouted.
 "Greetings, Governor!"
 Li Hao nodded slightly and didn't say anything. He just felt that the current Nightwatchers were more energetic. When he came here for the first time, no one cared about him or even checked his identity.
 Even though it didn't happen this time, at least she knew him.
 The shouts rose and fell.
 Li Hao's arrival was like a leader's inspection, and the entire compound was in an uproar.
  Now, with the death of Huang Long and a few deputy ministers, there were not many people left in the leadership of the night patrols. There were only Yao si, hou Xiaochen, Li Hao, and a few deputy ministers who did not care much about the management.
 Of the five military governors, hou Xiaochen was completely ignored. Apart from Li Hao, only the southern Governor was still alive.
 ……
 In the backyard.
 Dao Jian was chatting with a few people about some comprehension of cultivation. Suddenly, he looked into the distance, and so did the others.
 He blinked his big eyes and said,"did you see that?" How awe-inspiring!"
 This was called prestige!
 As soon as he entered, he didn't need to say anything to know that he was here. Because in the entire night watchman system, no matter whether you were convinced or not, you had to be afraid of him!
 Huang Long is arrogant, right?
 Now, he could even grind his bones into dust!
 Dao Jian smiled and got up.
 "Go and find trouble with him?" the big-eyed man was a little excited.
 Dao Jian laughed,"how could that be?" I'm just going to take a look, I've never seen it before. Since I'm here, of course I have to go and see it. "
 The three of them were very excited and followed him.
 He also wanted to know what kind of attitude that person would have when Dao sword met him.
 Ignored?
 Contempt?
 Or something else?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Although Dao sword wasn't a divine power, it was still a top-notch existence in the process of transformation. It was also very young. It was said that the God tier master ranking list might be re-ranked soon, and Dao sword might be able to enter the top three.
 Of course, that bastard might be able to get first place.
 Who asked him to step into the divine power realm and even kill many divine power experts? his battle record was too impressive.
 ……  Li Hao nodded but didn't reply.
 When he was about to reach hou Xiaochen's building, he saw a familiar face. That person's expression also changed slightly, and he hurriedly put on a smile,"Governor!"
 Li Hao glanced at him and smiled.""Hu Qingfeng?"
 "It's me, it's me!"
 Hu Qingfeng was no longer as arrogant as he had been in Silver Moon. He smiled and said,"Governor li, why are you so free today? you're here to patrol the headquarters ... Do you need me to do anything?"
 After all, he was still a rising light, and this guy had even entered the mid-stage of the rising light realm. However, he was getting more and more shameless.
 "I thought you died with Huang Long last time!"
 "How could I!"
 Hu Qingfeng laughed."It's all thanks to the Marquis's care. It's also thanks to Governor Li's magnanimity that he didn't hold it against me. Huang Long is seeking his own death. How could I rebel with him?"
 “……”
 These words!
 Li Hao also laughed. Thick-skinned people were indeed different.
 The two-faced fellow had made it sound as if he was a Messenger of justice.
 Of course, he couldn't be bothered.
 He didn't have any conflicts with Hu Qingfeng. The guy was arrogant in the beginning, but he didn't try to be arrogant. He wanted to kill hou Xiaochen, but hou Xiaochen didn't even care about it. Naturally, Li Hao wouldn't overstep his boundaries.
 He didn't want to say more and walked away.
 Seeing this, Hu Qingfeng hurriedly followed.""Your Excellency, I have something to report."
 "Speak," he said.
 "Although the yellow Dragon is dead, the remaining evil of the yellow Dragon has not been completely eradicated! He had his men in the local area and the headquarters! I've been following Huang Long to collect evidence of his crimes. He and some of his underlings have even engaged in the business of selling superpowers. He's not human ... I have evidence!"
 "Now, Huang Long, as the culprit, has been executed!" Hu Qingfeng said with a look of righteousness. We can't just kill the leader and ignore the followers! There are many people in the central continent who are in cahoots with him ..."
 "Today, the hou tribe is in charge of Heavenly star's Affairs, and the Yao tribe has just returned, so they don't know much about the situation here. In addition, some of them are from the Yao tribe, so the old man can't be ruthless ... This matter can only be done by Governor li!"
  "There are 22 provinces in the central region and over 1000 cities. There are 22 provincial ministers and over 1000 city ministers in the night patrolmen ... I think some people in the Wei Wu Army are completely qualified ... Of course, there are also some people in the Demon Hunter Army. As long as we get rid of the remaining Huanglong forces, there will definitely be a lot of positions available!"
 Li Hao stopped and looked at him, somewhat surprised.
 "Hu Qingfeng, what do you want to do?"
 “……”
 Hu Qingfeng instantly shivered and said,"I wouldn't dare!" I only feel that Your Excellency must eliminate all evil and kill them all! To avoid a counterattack ..."
 "You're worried about yourself, right?"
 Hu Qingfeng laughed dryly. Of course, part of the reason was because he was Huang Long's confidant. He had betrayed Huang Long in the blink of an eye. If he didn't kill all those people, he would be the target of their revenge.
 Seeing that Li Hao didn't seem to care, he could only say,""Also, you may not know this, but Huang Long has someone supporting him. It's not the nine divisions. If it were the nine divisions, he would have advanced to divine power that day. Huang Long is actually a member of the imperial family ..."
 Li Hao was slightly dazed. He turned his head to look at him.
 Hu Qingfeng was overjoyed. He said hurriedly, "That's right, Huang Long is a member of the imperial family! In fact, many people knew that it was the imperial family's intention that day when the yellow Dragon rebelled. Also, in the past few years, Huang Long has been causing trouble everywhere with the night patrollers, causing them to lose their reputation and making people think that the nine secretaries and the night patrollers are the key to causing trouble ... In fact ... This is also the imperial family's intention!"

 Li Hao raised his eyebrows."He's from the royal family?"
 "It's true!"
 "I wouldn't dare to lie to you, Sir. I ... I'm quite powerful. Huang Long trusted me a lot back then. I even ran errands for him in the imperial family ..." Hu Qingfeng hurriedly replied.
 Li Hao thought for a moment. At first, he was surprised, but then he wasn 't.
 The royal family was not a good person.
 When the governors of the three northern provinces were killed, Li Hao thought that hou Xiaochen and the others had killed them. Later, he found out that this was not the case. Instead, it was the king of the plains who had personally killed them.
 The goal was simple. The world was in chaos and the royal family was coming back.
 In fact, Jiusi had taken some blame.
 Now, Huang Long was in charge of the night patrollers, and it was the same. The world was in chaos, and the people were in dire straits. Huang Long had made a contribution, so it was no wonder that it was in chaos. However, the nine divisions did not care about it. If they let it go ... They probably had the same thoughts as the royal family.
 If it's chaotic, then let it be chaotic!
  When the yellow Dragon made a move, the night patrolman would take the blame. As long as they could suppress Yao si, it would have nothing to do with the imperial family. The chaos in the world was also caused by the night patrolman.
 What about Dao Jian and the others?
 Li Hao's heart moved.
 These people were the fuse of the chaos. It was also because Dao Jian killed the grandson of the Yama that the night patrollers started a war with the other party. In the past, he didn't think much of it. Instead, he felt that the night patrollers in the central region were quite unyielding!
 However, when they arrived in the central region, they found out that it was not the case at all.
 Only a few people from the three major organizations had died, but many civilians had died. This was not fighting against the three major organizations, but the last backbone of peace. It was obvious that they wanted to create chaos!
 Was it part of the plan for Dao Jian and the others to kill Yama's grandson?
 Also, the heaven Dao ruler was said to be able to measure talent. It could let ordinary people instantly determine what attributes they had. This way, it would be extremely easy for ordinary people to become supers. It would be of great help to the promotion of superpowers.
 But now, it was said that the heavenly Dao ruler had always been in the hands of Dao Jian.
 They had not really promoted it!
 Then what use was the ruler of heaven's path? it only brought disaster to the night watchers and the commoners of the central continent.
 If Hu Qingfeng hadn't mentioned it, he really wouldn't have realized that Huang Long was a member of the imperial family. Li Hao really thought that this guy was extremely stupid and that it was Jiusi who had pushed him out to suppress Yao si.
 Now, it seemed that he had thought too little of it. The main thing was that Huang Long had died too quickly, so he did not care too much.
 "Are Dao Jian and the others from the royal family too?" Li Hao asked as he walked.
 Hu Qingfeng's expression changed slightly. He wanted to say something, but he stole a glance at Li Hao. After a long while, he said awkwardly,"This ... I really don't know."
 He wanted to say yes ... But he didn't have any evidence. If he dared to say anything, this man wasn't Huang Long. If he really wasn't Huang Long, he would be beaten to the ground. That would be a light punishment. It was normal for him to be killed.
  He knew that Li Hao had always been vicious.  Back in Silver Moon, he had deliberately fished out two of his subordinates and killed them. From that point on, Li Hao had not been a good person. Moreover ... Li Hao had just entered white moon City at that time.
 He was just a country bumpkin from Silver City, yet he dared to fish for three suns to kill.
 Therefore, Hu Qingfeng did not dare to spout nonsense.
 Li Hao tilted his head and looked at him.
 "I really don't know!"
 Hu Qingfeng said carefully,"I don't have any evidence, but Dao Jian and the others aren't very obedient. They're a little undisciplined and don't care about the rules of the night patrollers. That's true."
 Li Hao chuckled.
 She ignored him.
 At that moment, a few people walked over. Li Hao glanced at them and nodded slightly. Without saying anything, he walked straight to hou Xiaochen's office.
 In the distance, the big-eyed man sent a voice transmission,'see that? How arrogant! Dao Jian, go and find trouble with him!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Dao Jian didn't pay any attention to him. After looking at Li Hao for a while, he frowned slightly and sent a message after a while,"Very strong!"
 "Of course we know!"
 The big-eyed man was speechless.
 Dao Jian looked at the big eyes again and frowned slightly. He thought for a while and then said slowly,""Don't provoke him. This person ... Just by looking at his style, you can tell that he's ruthless and merciless!"
 Li Hao ignored him, but he didn't completely ignore him. At least, he nodded. No matter what, he was indeed arrogant. He was arrogant to the core and didn't take them seriously.
  He didn't care too much, but he could feel Li Hao's contempt for them.
 If they really provoked him ... The other party was not an elder who valued talent. This fellow was even younger than them, so he would not give them any face.
 The big-eyed man was a little dejected."I didn't want to provoke him, but he ... He's too arrogant. I've never seen such an arrogant guy before. We've seen some big shots before, and even some princes from the royal family, but none of them were as arrogant as him."
 It was just a sense of loss.
 When they were outside, who didn't call them monstrous geniuses?
 However ... When Li Hao was in a good mood, he would nod at you. When he was in a bad mood, he would pretend that you didn't exist. If he was in a bad mood, he would ask you to get lost. Who could stand this?
 Besides, when Li Hao was fighting, they had at least drawn their swords to help him, but he still had this attitude ... The big-eyed man was even more displeased!
 We're helping you!
 Of course, Li Hao didn't think so. Of the four of them, he had a good impression of the gun user, while the others didn't seem to exist.
 When they attacked that day, he had seen it. The guy with the gun was the first to attack, and the other two hesitated for a while, so Li Hao thought they were trying to save themselves. After all, hou Xiaochen and the others had already shown their power, and even Yao si had appeared.

 Behind him, Hu Qingfeng, who was following him like a shadow, carefully looked back and lowered his voice.""My Lord, these guys have always been unconvinced of my Lord ..."
 "Shut up!"
 "Yes!"
 Hu Qingfeng didn't dare to say more. He cursed in his heart,"what is this guy thinking?"
 Unfortunately, he did not dare to say too much.
 Li Hao didn't care what he was thinking. Seeing that he was about to go upstairs, and this guy was still following him, he said impatiently,""Alright, go do your thing ... If you don't know what you're busy with, help me find out some information ..."
 "Milord's orders!"
 "Give me a list of the nobles who ran away last time. Find out where they are now. Keep it down and don't alert the others!"
 "Yes!"
 Hu Qingfeng was overjoyed. This was an important task.
  Wasn't the reason he had been trying to get close to Li Hao all this time to get closer to him?
 As for hou Xiaochen ... He was a person who always did things in a very distinct way. They felt that he was difficult to get close to. If you did something, he would give you benefits. If you didn 't, he wouldn't care ...
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was a good thing, but it was too far away for Hu Qingfeng.
 Uncomfortable!
 A person like Li Hao might be a little different. Both sides had different styles.
 Since they were on the same side, hou Xiaochen probably wouldn't mind him jumping from hou Xiaochen's side to Li Hao 's.
 ……
 Upstairs.
 Li Hao knocked on the door and entered.
 "I didn't have time to welcome you, Governor!" Hou Xiaochen laughed.
 Li Hao immediately laughed,"Minister hou, you're deliberately making fun of me!" In our Heavenly Star military governor's office, hou bu is the main hand, and I'm the Deputy. What a joke!"
 Hou Xiaochen looked at him, and Li Hao laughed."Hou bu, don't tell me you are unhappy that everyone called me Governor?"
 “……”
 Hou Xiaochen laughed without saying anything.
 On the side, Chief Steward Yu did not say anything. He pulled a chair for Li Hao and motioned for him to sit down.
 Hou Xiaochen glanced at chief Yu and thought to himself,"has Xiao Yu's brain been acting weird recently?"
 Can't you see that I'm competing with Li Hao?
 What did he mean by pulling a chair over for her?
 Chief Steward Yu really didn't think much of it. He only thought that since they were all sitting, it wasn't good for Li Hao to be standing.
 Li Hao didn't stand on ceremony. He directly sat down and chuckled."Hou bu, I have come to do something ..."
 "Of course, I don't come to you without a reason!"
 Li Hao was speechless. Why did he have to be so sarcastic?
 I didn't provoke you.
 Still worried about the governor?
 He was really ... Not big-hearted.
 He'd never felt that way before. He'd always thought that hou Xiaochen was quite generous, so why was he so narrow-minded recently?
 Li Hao coughed."It's like this. There are two things. First, I'm going to take in the Wei Wu Army!"
 "It's up to you, as long as they're willing!"Hou Xiaochen replied.
 "Well, that's good."  Li Hao was relieved."Second, hou tribe, governor of the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Make way for me ... I want to establish a military governor's office on Jiusi Street. I'll be the military governor ..."
 Good fellow!
 You just said that I'm the main and you're the Deputy, but in the blink of an eye, you made me abdicate.
 You brat, you're full of nonsense!
 At the side, Chief Steward Yu could tell that something was wrong. He could not help but want to laugh, but he held it in.
 "Li Hao, is this how you do things?" hou Xiaochen was also depressed.
 Li Hao laughed."We're family, so let's not be so polite. Besides, it's just a governor's position. If it's not possible, I'll exchange it for the Deputy Director of the inspection Division and the Minister of War."
 “……”
 Go to hell!
 Do you think the inspection Bureau belongs to your family?
 Have you asked for the opinion of the inspector?
 Yes, Li Hao was the Deputy Secretary of the inspection Bureau, but he wasn 'T. He was only the Deputy Minister of the night patrollers, which was half a rank lower than the Deputy Secretary of the inspection Bureau.
 As for the governor of the starry sky Manor, his rank was even lower.
 They want a governor's position and give you the Deputy Secretary in exchange ... Don't fail to appreciate their kindness!
 That was exactly what hou Xiaochen was feeling right now!
 Aggrieved!
 He glanced at Li Hao and said,"as long as Minister Yao agrees."
 You go and find Yao si!
 "You didn't manage to break three divine abilities yesterday?" he looked at Li Hao.
 "Hehe ..."
 Li Hao laughed."It didn't break. It did break. It's broken, but it's not really broken ..."
 These words ... Really made him want to hit someone!
 Hou Xiaochen looked at him without saying anything.
 "So, did it break or not?" Chief Steward Yu could not help but ask.
 "It's hard to say,"
 Chief Steward Yu's expression also turned ugly.
 Li Hao laughed and said,"you'll know in the future. There's no hurry." I'm here to discuss these two things with hou bu. Hou bu, I'll go to the Yao battle...By the way, are hou bu's locks full?"
 "You guess!"
  A taste of his own medicine!
 ? "How many types of Shi has hou bu comprehended?" Li Hao smiled.
 "Momentum doesn't lie in quantity. It's abundant and mixed, and mixed and not refined!"
 'I understand. There's only one kind of spear intent.'
 Li Hao had felt the will of the soul-splitting spear before. It was indeed powerful, but only a little of it was left. It seemed like it could tear the sky apart. It was not even hou Xiaochen's peak state.
 But ... Was there only one type of force?
 If that was the case, could it be that there was only one word and all the superpower locks could be condensed into it? if that was the case, it was not impossible. Just like what his teacher had said, there were many ways to increase the power and there were also ways to decrease it.
 However, at that time, he might not be able to be like himself, putting one sacred art into every word.
 Of course, it might not be a bad thing.
 In the end, he might have to merge all the characters together. The thousands of DAOs had to be unified. Otherwise, Li Hao felt that it would be bad if the power could not be gathered and was still scattered.

 Of course, this was just a thought now. It was still too early.
 As for hou Xiaochen and the others, Li Hao didn't want them to become supers either. He didn't know what to do with them, so he didn't dare to let others walk the same path as him. Apart from Hong Yitang, who became a super, the others all had their own martial arts, but they weren't at the stage of unsealing them yet.
 "I'll be leaving then ..."
 Li Hao came and went like the wind, and hou Xiaochen wanted to say something, but he stopped ... Damn it!
 Just as he was about to say something, Li Hao suddenly turned to look at Chief Steward Yu.""Chief Yu, you haven't fully unlocked many of your super locks, right?"
 "Ah?"
 "When I strengthen the Wei Wu Army, you can come."
 "Oh ..."
 Chief Yu nodded and looked at hou Xiaochen. Hou Xiaochen was speechless. After a while, he said,"Go!"
 Why not?
  If he could get some benefits, why not?
 Chief Yu also revealed a smile as he looked at hou Xiaochen and nodded his head. His expression seemed to say,"I'll only go if you tell me to." Only then did hou Xiaochen feel a bit more at ease.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao had left long ago.
 Childish!
 Hou Xiaochen was actually jealous. Li Hao was speechless. Silver moon's martial masters were getting old, but they actually liked to pick up girls. What were they doing when they were young?
 Hou Xiaochen was a bit younger. He should be around 50 years old, right?
 Unfortunately, there didn't seem to be any famous female martial masters in the younger generation.
 Li Hao thought to himself, and then thought, why must he have a female Martial Master?
 Could a female super not do it?
 Really!
 I still need a Secretary ... But then I thought of the light sword ... Forget it, this aunty seems to be looking for me everywhere recently. I've been running around everywhere, and she can't even find me.
 Other people's secretaries are all sweet little girls, but my Secretary ... Might be a bearded Auntie. Just thinking about it makes my heart ache.
 When he saw Xiao Ye's sweet smile, Li Hao became even more depressed.
 Yao si had caught up with a trend. He was already so old, yet he still found a little Secretary in his twenties.
 "Governor, you broke three divine arts yesterday. Can your body still take it?"
 Xiao Ye seemed to be trying to fish for information!
 Li Hao was a little wary. He said calmly,""It's alright, four elements are no problem!"
 "I knew it!"
 Xiao Ye was very happy. As expected, Governor li was an extraordinary person. He had no problems with all four elements.
 The Minister had guessed wrong!
 Inside, Yao Si was holding a large teacup and smiling coldly without saying a word. My Secretary is a little stupid. Li Hao is also a little stupid. He probably thinks that Xiao Ye is trying to gather information, but she's just purely admiring him.  Hehe!
 Women, hehe!
 A man, a young man ... Hehe!
 The smile on Li Hao's face disappeared the moment he entered.
 Xiao Ye was very enthusiastic and hurriedly went to make tea. She even asked in a low voice,""Governor, what kind of tea would you like?"
 "As you wish!"
 Xiao Ye understood and hurriedly took out a can of tea leaves from the lowest floor. Yao si took a deep breath. This Secretary is really something. That is my treasured tea. Even I rarely drink it!
 When he saw the small leaves scattering in a large area, he couldn't take it anymore and coughed lightly.""Little ye, you can leave first. I have something to say to Governor li!"
 "Oh, okay!"
 Xiao Ye didn't dare to say anything more. She glanced at the tea leaves that hadn't been brewed and could only rush out. She felt a little regretful that Governor li hadn't had the time to drink the tea leaves that she had brewed.
 ……
 After Xiao Ye left, Yao si picked up his large tea jar and, like an old man from the countryside, took a big gulp. He clicked his tongue and continued to drink, as if he was listening to Li Hao.
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
 After thinking for a while, he decided to convince her with reason.
 "Division Yao, you helped me before ... Li Hao is very grateful. He feels that division Yao hasn't forgotten your original intentions and has returned to your original self! I have the intention to unite the power of the people, unite the ambitious men, and overthrow the overbearing rule of the nine divisions and the imperial family. They want to become the king at the cost of destroying the People's wisdom ... This is absolutely intolerable!"
 Li Hao waved his arms and gritted his teeth.""Therefore, even if I know that I'm no match for them, I'll try to stop them with my Mantis arms and let them know that it won't work!"
 "Ba da!"
 "Bah!"
 Yao si took a mouthful of tea and spat it out. Seeing Li Hao look at him, he nodded, indicating for him to continue.
 "I'm also thinking that whoever takes the lead in this matter will be the unlucky one! Otherwise, the Yao tribe would be the best choice ...... How about this, I'll lead the Wei Wu Army and the demon hunt squads to join the night patrols, and the Yao tribe will raise their flag, and I'll wave the flag and shout for them! There's nothing else, just one goal ... To overthrow the nine divisions, the royal family, the three major organizations, overthrow feudal traditions, and rebuild order ..."
  "Bah!"
 Yao si spat out another mouthful of tea leaves, and Li Hao's eyes lit up.
 I'm here to persuade you with reason.
 You old man ... Don't be ungrateful and don't know the power of my Iron Fist!
 Yao si saw the fire in his eyes and smiled, baring his yellow teeth.""You make it sound nice, but let me ask you, what right do you have to say that? Follow you and die?"
 He sneered."Don't flatter me, and don't make yourself sound too invincible. Li Hao, you're not weak. For now, your double-elemental divine abilities are stable and powerful, but you must know that the nine Imperial families have deep foundations. Let's not talk about whether they'll enter the third-elemental level this time ... Even if they don 't, you might not be able to match them!"
 "You don't even know who's behind them. What right do you have to overthrow them?"
 "Is it good to follow you to your death?"
 "It's fine if you die, but you want to drag the night patrolman into the mud?"
 He coldly looked at Li Hao,"I, Yao si, might be just like you said, afraid of death!" But at least I know one thing. If I didn't bring the night patrolmen and was alone, at least the nine divisions wouldn't have killed all of them!"

