fileno%d
did not care about that. He just said with a heavy heart,""The four countries can threaten heavenstar?"
 "Why can't I? Heavenstar's struggle was too intense! Although the four countries are small, they have many experts and armies. The more difficult it is, the more United they are. The big countries in the Central Plains of stellarsky are about to collapse, so why can't they fight for the Central Plains?"
 Chen Yao frowned and did not say anything.
 He didn't care much about the four border countries, but his father might have planted some spies in the nine divisions. It was just that Chen Yao didn't pay much attention to the situation outside of heavenstar.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Yuanping martial arts university.
 Hei Teng was a little angry.
 "Li Hao!"
 Before Li Hao could say anything, he appeared and said angrily,""What do you think this place is? Come and go as you please? You've been harassing me day and night, do you believe I'll kill you with a slap?"
  This is so annoying!
 He just wanted to quietly think about life, quietly recall his past, and quietly be a quiet, beautiful young man ...
 As a result, this bastard entered this place again and again.
 He was going to strip him of his student status!
 Li Hao sighed."Senior, I didn't want to, but ... The situation changed too quickly. I encountered a Saint level expert ..."
 "What does it have to do with me?"
 Hei Teng snorted.
 "I'm a student of the school. "
 "So what?"
 "Managing Director, do you not care about the life and death of the students?"
 "That was neo martial, not now!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Okay.
 Li Hao laughed."Alright, senior. Let's not talk about this. Don't you want to go back to your hometown?"
 "You?" hei Teng asked.
 "Right!"
 "Hehe!"
 It was a mocking smile.
 Li Hao didn't mind. After thinking for a while, he said,""Opening the Stargate is one of the reasons. Second, we need to deal with the experts or enemies that might exist inside and outside the Stargate. Third, the origin world might have disappeared, and we need to search for it ... Once we solve these three problems, we will have hope of returning!"
 "That's right. "
 "Of these three points, which one do you think you can achieve?" hei Teng asked.  Li Hao smiled, if I become the master of a small world, it's inevitable that I can open the Stargate! As for the second reason ... I have the strength of a minor cosmos absolute being, so I can still deal with the enemy. As for the third one ... If the origin world can't resist it and it disappeared ... Finding it will be very difficult ... But at least it's better than not being able to complete it at all, at least there's still some hope. "
 Li Hao looked at hei Teng."Heaven battling city is working hard. Why don't you have any hope, senior?" he asked.
 "It's because I know the difficulty,"hei Teng replied.
 "But back then, neo martial arts was also very difficult, but didn't it also achieve glory?"
 "Do you think you're the human King?"
 Li Hao laughed."Senior, people need to have dreams. I'm not letting my imagination run wild. I'm only 20 years old. I haven't been in contact with martial arts for long ..."
 Hei Teng was slightly taken aback.
 These words sounded a little familiar.
 He seemed to have remembered something. A long, long time ago ... Someone also liked to say this.
 I'm still young. I'm so young, yet I've achieved so much. Who can predict the future?
 He closed his eyes and did not speak.
 Li Hao continued."I know you're proud of your new martial arts, senior. You think that the current human race is weak and not strong. But if my body can be strengthened to the extreme and I can condense 10000 divine runes, can you predict my future?"
 "The upper limit of the world determines your upper limit," hei Teng said calmly."Even if you really become the master of the world, your upper limit ... Is here!"
 Li Hao frowned."No. The upper limit of the world is definitely not the key to limiting the upper limit of a person!" "If this world is not strong enough, then I will break through this world. If the world I break through to is not strong enough, then the heaven and earth are the world, the universe is the world, and chaos is the world! The world is under my feet!"
 "Senior ... Do you think that the upper limit of the Silver Moon is the same as the upper limit of the human race?" The human body was the greatest treasure! As a cultivator, the martial arts cultivate one's heart. The wider one's heart is, the wider the world is!"
 He said seriously,"I don't think I can do it, but I don't think so. The upper limit of the world is the upper limit of cultivators. It doesn't matter if I can do it or not. What's important is that senior doesn't even dare to think about it ... No wonder you're only a Saint!"
 “……”
 Black armor was stunned.
 No wonder he was only a Saint!
  "Senior," Li Hao said seriously,"in the era of new martial arts, there were countless experts. Above Saints were Heavenly Kings, above Heavenly Kings were venerable sovereigns, and above venerable sovereigns were human Kings ... These have all happened before! It wasn't that there wasn't one. Since there was one, why didn't he pursue it? Of course, he might not succeed, but he should at least have a dream, right? Could it be that senior's dream is to die of old age here?"
 He felt that there was something wrong with hei Teng's attitude.
 It was very wrong.
 All the neo martial artists he knew, including director Wang and the others, were more ambitious than this man. Yes, even if they were weaker, Li Hao felt that this man had more ambitions than him.
 This ... What was this for?
 As the Managing Director of Yuanping martial Sciences University, to be the assistant of sister Ren Wang, was that ... All he had to do?
 Black Phoenix remained silent.
 He kept silent.
 After a long time, he suddenly said,"dreams can't be eaten. Perhaps the neo martial artists you know are too far away from those strong people. And I'm ... Very close!" When I'm very close to them, I feel like I'm looking up at a tall mountain ... But when I'm really close to them, you'll feel very desperate ... Do you understand?"
 Li Hao shook his head,"I don't understand!" Why was he in despair? When I was still very weak, everyone said that my teacher was the genius of this world's martial arts, the ceiling of Silver Moon martial forest ... But I was thinking that this ceiling ... Might be me!"

 "It's not the same ..."
 "What's the Difference?"
 As Li Hao spoke, he shook his head."Forget it. Some people like to waste their time on a dead end. I don't like to keep talking to these people. Playing the zither for a cow doesn't mean much! "Moreover, senior was a Saint back then, and I'm only of the seven elements now. To senior ... I'm nothing. But senior, you must know that you are the Managing Director. I don't care if you want to live or die, but what about your students? As a neo martial artist, you can't possibly not care about your own students, right? I just revived the director of guards of heaven battling city not long ago. Perhaps I can revive your student. "
 "The puppet is strong, but senior should have a way to strip away mental energy, right? As long as there is enough spring of life and imperishable substance, they can be resurrected. Is senior not willing to care?"
 "I don't care what senior thinks," he looked at hei Teng. "As their teacher, have you decided to not interfere or interfere?"
 Li Hao said seriously,'if you don't care, I won't come to Yuanping martial arts university again! "However ... I won't give any preferential treatment to Yuanping martial Sciences University either. If the second recovery begins and senior wants to go out and gain benefits by himself, I won't care if you don't provoke me. If you provoke me and bring disaster to the world, I'll kill you!"
 "You ... You're going to kill me?"
 "You want to kill me?" hei Teng laughed in anger.
 Li Hao was extremely calm,"I said, it was senior who provoked me!" I will soon unify the world, and silver Moon ... Will be mine! I don't care what senior thinks, but at that time, I was the king of the Silver Moon! If senior kills indiscriminately and snatches treasures indiscriminately, I'll kill you!"
 "You?"
  Hei Teng sneered.
 Li Hao nodded and said,"me?" Just because I killed Hongtu today, just because I cut down the White Tree of Fengyun tower, just because I took down Fengyun Pavilion today, just because I revived heaven battling city's monster plant and Guard Director ... Are these enough? And it took me half a year to do all this! I will delay the time for the second recovery. Give me another half a year or a year. Is a Saint that impressive?"
 He was not afraid of hei Teng and just looked at him,"also, in just half a year, I've already recruited more than a dozen monster plants and taken over half of the outside world. All of this, I only have half a year to start from zero! You can ask Jiang Ying, li shengzhang, and Li shengzhang, if I have another half a year, will I be able to do what I said?"
 Black Phoenix did not speak. The two feline robots had followed them in, but they did not say a word.
 At the critical moment, he had to listen to his teacher.
 Hei Teng didn't say anything. Instead, he looked around him. Many of the puppets had appeared. Some were eavesdropping, while others were watching. However, none of them said anything.
 If it were him ... He really wouldn't be bothered to deal with Li Hao.
 But ... He was a teacher.
 Yes, he was also a teacher.
 Hei Teng laughed at himself. I still have a few hundred students.
 "What do you want me to do?"
 "Kill the enemy!"
 p "Who is the enemy?"  "It could be the monster plant, the Vice commander of the Heavenly Star Town, or the rebel army ... I don't know."
 "The Vice Commander-in-Chief of the Heavenly Star Town?" hei Teng asked in a deep voice.
 "Can you take me out?" he frowned.
 "I can try. I've brought an undying out before, so there shouldn't be any problems. If it's a Saint...I've never tried, but I'm stronger than before, so maybe I can."
  Hei Teng suddenly laughed and said,"the people from Yuanping martial arts university have a clear price when they make a move!" "How about this, I'll make a move once, and you'll be responsible for reviving ten students for me. How about it?"  And there were 400 puppets here.
 10 people at a time wasn't a lot.
 However, the weak were at the peak, and the strong were immortal.
 Undying, according to director Wang's consumption, over 10000 drops of the spring of life, 5 undying monster trees, just the students here all being revivated...That was an astronomical figure.
 Li Hao thought of something."What if it's not enough after killing all the enemies?" he asked.
 "If it's not enough ... We can ... We can choose the psyche recovery technique. Although it will weaken their strength ... They can still come back to life!" Hei Teng thought to himself.
 In that case, the consumption would be much smaller.
 Li Hao exhaled, nodded, and said with a smile,""Okay, then it's a deal. But if I may ask ... How much strength has senior recovered?"
 "When we get there, give me ten thousand drops of the spring of life and one hundred million divine power stones. I'll be fearless against any Saint!" Hei Teng said calmly.
 What a big tone!
 He wasn't afraid of any Saint.
 Without a physical body, even if he was given so many treasures, the other party would probably only recover some energy and not a physical body. Wasn't the other party a Saint?
 If he dared to say that he wasn't afraid of any Saint, then at his peak ... Could he be a Heavenly King?
 "Too many!"
 Li Hao shook his head."I can barely gather enough spring water of life. But ... The divine power Stone has emptied me. I only have half of it!"
 Was it worth it?
  As long as they could get the big mine, it would be worth it.
 A big mine definitely had more than this amount of divine energy stones.
 The spring of life could also be converted from monster plants.
 "Then give them all to me."
 "However, it's fine if you're dealing with some crippled Saints. If you're really a peak Saint ... You're on your own!" Hei Teng was extremely calm.
 Li Hao took a deep breath.
 He cursed again!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com They were all monsters that ate energy. No amount of money was enough for them to eat.
 Everyone was the same.
 If I can't take down the big mine, I can't live.

 "Alright!"
 He gritted his teeth and agreed.
 He did some calculations. Ten thousand drops of the spring of life were worth thirty million divine power stones. In addition to fifty million divine power stones for recovery, it was a total of eighty million pieces.
 He had asked a God to go back and help.
 Moreover, he had to help revive 10 people in one battle. Even if they were all at the peak, it would not be too much to spend 10 million to revive them each, right?
 It was 180 million!
 In addition, if those monster plants also participated in the war, they would also want some benefits ...
 Was this a war?
 This was burning money!
 Li Hao felt that it would be a great loss if he did not obtain more than 300 million divine power stones.
  "Then senior, please come with me now. It's better to do it as soon as possible ... In case those guys make a mess and the mine explodes ... Then we'll really lose both our wealth and people."
 Hei Teng seemed to hesitate for a moment before he finally turned to the puppets."Stay here and don't run around! I'll be back soon ..."
 He felt a little emotional.
 For a moment, it was very complicated.
 In fact, he really didn't plan to go out before.
 He would just quietly wait for his death.
 However ... These students were still young and unwilling to accept this.
 "Very soon, senior," Li Hao said with a smile."Let's go!"
 Hei Teng didn't say much. After seeing Li Hao expand his domain and wrap it around him, he said,""This thing of yours has limited isolation power. You can take me away now, but it will be difficult for me to come back after I absorb all the benefits!"
 Li Hao didn't take it seriously. He laughed and said,""After one battle, senior will be exhausted, what's so difficult about that?"
 “……”
 Are you trying to say that ... After the battle is over, you'll use up all your energy and ... You won't replenish it for me?
 Was this what he meant?
 After thinking about it, it made sense.
 p Forget it, it's up to me.  He didn't care anyway.
 Li Hao activated his territory. Seeing that the two feline robots were about to follow him, Black Phoenix immediately said in dissatisfaction,""You guys stay here!"
 I'm going, why are you guys following me?
 "Teacher," Jiang Yingli hurriedly said,"we can go and do some odd jobs. Li Hao's new Dao is very interesting. It's good for us to observe it ..."
 Bullshit!
 Hei Teng cursed in his heart. He just couldn't stay idle.
  He didn't say anything else, and soon, the group left the ruins.  The moment he left, the might of the heavens descended.
 The space shook violently!
 Li Hao's seven-elemental domain instantly swept out and stabilized the space. He immediately frowned in surprise. Hei Teng was actually stronger than director Wang in his current state?
 That time with director Wang, he only had five elements. He even brought little tree and five sleeping monster plants.
 Even the fluctuations weren't as strong as this!
 As for hei Teng, he raised his head to look at the sky and suddenly laughed."As expected, the sky has changed! The space is unstable, and ... The will of the heavens does not allow us to survive! "The heavens have some consciousness and are rejecting the neo martial artists."
 He felt a little emotional. A generation of emperors had a generation of officials.
 With neo martial gone, even the heavens would not tolerate these people.
 Li Hao also raised his head to look, but he didn't see anything. However, he knew that this world might really have its own consciousness.
 He laughed and didn't care too much."The will of heaven is also a scattered consciousness. Just ignore it."
 Hei Teng was a little surprised. He glanced at him."The heavens have a consciousness. It's actually beneficial for your generation. It'll be biased ..."
 However, Li Hao didn't seem to be too happy about it.
 Li Hao laughed."I don't need the heavens to favor me. I don't like my life to be controlled by others. Life and death are not in the hands of fate. Wealth and honor are not in the hands of the heavens!" "I don't want everyone to think that I, Li Hao, can only succeed if this is heaven's will ... Then wouldn't everything I've worked so hard for and all my blood and sweat be denied by just one sentence?"
 Was this the will of the heavens?
 Li Hao laughed. What the hell?
 In order to survive, in order to reach where he was today, how much blood and sweat had he put in? just by saying that the will of the heavens was in his favor, he denied everything he had?
 How boring!
 Hei Teng was deep in thought. At this moment, he took a few more glances at Li Hao and smiled. The Heaven's Will of the new martial era was the heavenly Emperor. In the end, the heavenly Emperor was killed ... Later, the Heaven's Will became the Qin Emperor, but he couldn't defeat the human King. So what you said is actually correct. Heaven's will can only target the weak. When it meets the strong, it will also be submissive!"
 Li Hao bared his teeth and smiled. He was somewhat interested. "There's also heaven's will in neo martial arts?"
 "Of course,"
  As they walked, hei Teng said,"at that time, the Heaven's Will was much stronger than it is now. This is just a small world. The Heaven's Will had just been born. During the neo martial era, the Heaven's Will was very powerful. It controlled the world ... But in the end, it was killed! Later on, the human King and the others replaced the will of the heavens ... But they were not interested in being the will of the heavens. "
 Li Hao nodded, the human King has courage! Since ancient times, emperors have always called themselves the Son of Heaven. If I become the king of the Silver Moon, I'll have people call me Daoist master. "
 "Daoist master?"
 "Yes, the master of the great Dao. What does senior think?"
 “……”
 Hei Teng didn't want to say anything.
 Your hair hasn't even grown out yet, but you're quite bold and your tone isn't small.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was quite an interesting fellow at times.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, chuckled and flew toward the star military governor's office with Black Phoenix in his domain. They were very close, and although there was some pressure, his domain was still intact.
 He had wanted to scare hei Teng, but hei Teng's indifferent attitude made Li Hao feel bored.

 This guy ... Was not fun to play with.
 The ninth Division commander was cold on the outside but fanatical on the inside, while this person was cold on the outside and cold on the inside, as if he loved someone to death. To be honest, this kind of person ... Li Hao felt that it was very difficult to get along with.
 ……
 In the ruins.
 Black Phoenix entered.
 The moment he entered, the others did not feel anything, and the monster plant did not have much of a reaction.
 But ... Director Wang's face changed.
 He groaned in his heart and hurriedly stepped forward, lowering his head and bowing."Martial uncle!"
 Hei Teng was unusually calm. He said faintly,"we're not in the same generation. All martial arts university students are one family, we're all of the same generation. I'm from mcmau, and you're from ccmau. I've never held a position in ccmau, so you can just call me senior!"
 "I don't dare!"
  "I'm so happy that uncle-master is still alive ..."Director Wang was all smiles.
 "I'm happy, but I don't see you coming to see me. "
 Hei Teng directly exposed his lie and said indifferently,"Li Daozong is still alive, right?"
 "Alive ..."
 "Yes."
 "It's good that he's alive, it's good that he's alive ..."Hei Teng nodded."It's a pity that it's hard to be alive."
 Li Daozong.
 Li Hao was stunned. He looked at director Wang, who said,""It's the ninth master!"
 Li Hao understood, but he felt a little strange. Li Daozong ... His surname was li, and he knew the sword. Could he ... Be a member of the Li family?
 Of course, there were many new martial artists with the surname Li, and many of them used swords.
 "This is Heavenly Star Town?" hei Teng asked again.
 He looked around and completely ignored the monster plants. Among the monster plants, there seemed to be one that recognized him and suddenly trembled. Hei Teng did not care about this and looked out of the chaos origin source. He seemed to have seen through the chaos origin source and sighed,"The first Silver Moon Mine is still here. It's a blessing in disguise."
 "Yes, we're still counting on uncle-master's strength for this mine." Director Wang hurriedly said.
 "Mighty power? Are you laughing at me?"
 "No..."
 Director Wang was about to cry. How did I laugh at you?
 Li Hao was even more confused. He looked at director Wang. Was this necessary?
 So scared?
 "Even if they're of the older generation, they used to be Saints. You even killed Saints before. Wasn't that Baishu a Saint back then?
 The extent of this person's recovery might not even be as good as Baishu 's.
 Director Wang couldn't be bothered with Li Hao. What did Li Hao know?
 The person in front of her ... Was different.
 A person who could suppress countless descendants of venerable sovereigns ... Li Hao didn't even think about it. Those descendants of venerable sovereigns were all unruly, and what was the Dean for?
 It was specially meant to punish them!
 Beating up as he pleased, was this work something ordinary people could do?
 It was fine as long as he was strong?
 If they were strong, it would be better to find a Heavenly King. Why did they find a Saint to manage these students?
 There was no other reason ... He also came from a powerful family!
 He was so strong that even the descendants of venerable sovereigns didn't dare to be rash.
 All of them could only listen obediently!
 In the new martial era, there were very few people who could make venerable sovereigns fear, obey, and not dare to move.
 That group of unruly fellows was afraid of very few people.
 It was too rare to see something that could suppress them.
 Hei Teng did not care what he was thinking. He looked around and sighed."Instant death, chaos source, eight great families, who betrayed you? I didn't want to think about it, but now I have to. Could it be general Huai?"
 “……”
 "How could that be? uncle-master, please don't think too much ..." Director Wang hurriedly said.
 "I was just saying."
 Hei Teng suddenly laughed."It's just that your General's ancestor ... His ancestor was fine. His ancestor's accompanying venerable sovereign, that Huai King ... I really can't say anything."
 Li Hao was stunned. He looked at director Wang. Huai King?
 She called him by his name. Was this a venerable sovereign?
 Is there a problem?
 Director Wang didn't pay attention to Li Hao. He said hurriedly,""That was in the early stage of neo martial. It's different later on. Besides, the word 'heaven battling' is not ordinary ..."  "That's true!"
 "Then who do you think betrayed us?" hei Teng nodded.
 "Well ... I can't say."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hei Teng sighed."That's true. In my opinion, it's impossible. But it happened. It's unimaginable." Could it be the Zhao family that walks the path of energy?"
 "The Zhao family's ancestor, Alliance master Zhao, was also a man of indomitable spirit," he said to himself."His descendants shouldn't be like this, right?"
 Director Wang said bitterly,"stop it."
 Guess, my ass!
 You can say it, but I can 't.
 Hei Teng stopped guessing and smiled,"I just came out. Say a few more words. Don't be afraid. I'm the one who said it, not you. What are you afraid of?"
 "That's true ... I'm not afraid!"
 Director Wang laughed dryly. Hei Yao looked at Li Hao."Give me the thing. I need to recover. Otherwise, I might not be able to defeat this guy with my current strength."
 "Uncle-master is too humble ..."
 Hei Teng ignored him.
 Director Wang didn't care. Li Hao handed over all his savings to him. He clutched the storage ring tightly and didn't let go.
 Hei Teng held the corner of the sword for a long time before saying,"If you're not willing, then forget it."
 "I'm willing!"
 Li Hao's heart ached. This was all his savings. He sighed."If I can't take down the Heavenly Star Mine this time, I'll kill myself here and not go out!"
 Hei Teng couldn't be bothered with him. 'You can just kill yourself. That saves me some trouble.'
 Seeing that he had left to recover, Li Hao said telepathically,""Brother Wang, what's going on? why are you so afraid of him? is his father the human King?"
 "Don't talk nonsense!"
 Director Wang was speechless.
 What nonsense was this guy spouting?
 "Then why are you so afraid of him?"
 "You don't understand ... Forget it, I'll just say a few words. Don't provoke him. This ... Is not an ordinary person. He's a classmate of the principal of Yuanping martial arts university and a junior of renwang. They're almost from the same generation, do you understand? "It's not people like us, who are officially mcmau's students in the same period after countless years, but are a few years lower. More importantly, this person's elder is also a top figure ..."
 Li Hao didn't mind."It's all gone anyway."
 "Nonsense. You can not care, but can I not care?"
 Director Wang was speechless.
 You're not from that era, so of course you don't care, but can I?
 However, he quickly sent another voice transmission,"kid, why did you invite him here?" This one ... I heard that he has a bad temper, and is a bit ... A bit cold ..."
 "It's about spending money. "
 Director Wang was speechless. Was this a matter of spending money?
 However, he was much more at ease now that he had invited this person.
 He had been a little worried before, but now that was all gone.
 As for Li Hao, he sighed and did not say anything. He directly sat down cross-legged, and in an instant, seven types of Shi floated around his body. Various animals and plants appeared, and in the blink of an eye, he was wrapped in Shi.
 In the next moment, a special energy began to strengthen him along with the transfer of Shi.
 Black Phoenix, who was repairing himself, suddenly looked at Li Hao and director Wang. He said,""What is this?"
 "The special energy of the two-layer space, right?"
 "He ... Found it?"
 "Yes."
 Hei Teng was a little surprised. Li Hao had mentioned it before, but he thought that even if Li Hao had guessed it, it would be very difficult for him to find it, just like the first person who discovered the original universe.
 Whoever discovered the universe of origin would have the absolute advantage.
  In the new martial era, the first one to discover it should be the celestial Emperor, right?
 Later on, the celestial Thearch also became the strongest person in the world.
 Hei Teng's mind was in turmoil as he looked at Li Hao.
 Li Hao didn't mention that he had already discovered the second layer of space.
 Director Wang saw that he was not paying attention and laughed to himself. Who told you to be cold, now you can't hold it in anymore!
 Just as he was thinking, he saw hei Teng looking at him. He hurriedly put away his thoughts. 'This guy ... He's not peeking at me, is he?'
 I'm undying, you can't spy on me.
 Hei Teng's cold voice rang in her ears. "I've studied psychology before. If you look at me like that again, I'll teach you how to be a good person!"
 “……”
 Director Wang grumbled to himself and quickly closed his eyes. He sat down cross-legged and started to cultivate. It was really uncomfortable to be with this person.

 Li Hao was not in a hurry to attack.
 At this moment, there was a faint energy fluctuation. This meant that the array in the city was being activated. There were not many fluctuations in the city, so he was not in a hurry.
 In addition, there were a few monster plants that did not make a move this time.
 They also had to prevent these monster plants from causing trouble.
 At the very least, the monster plant from the inspection Office did not participate.
 The inspection Division, the financial division, the Internal Affairs Division ... These few families might not have participated in this ore seizing trip.
 These future problems had to be dealt with.
 As for getting rid of them, there was too much energy in the middle ... Too much, my ass. Didn't he see that a group of hungry ghosts had reincarnated?
 This time, there was no problem in slaughtering them.
 Not to mention other things, just the eight monster plants of wind cloud tower alone could absorb all the energy that was overflowing. They were almost starving to death, so why would they be afraid of the energy overflowing?
  After a long time, the ground suddenly shook.
 ,m "Oh no!" Director Wang suddenly opened his eyes,"the array is activated!"  This was the second formation.
 An army formation!
 The first one was the monster plant's protective array, which had been activated earlier. Now, the second array was activated. Li Hao's eyes widened instantly.
 At this moment, a faint energy Halo appeared from all directions.
 Gradually, it started to cover the entire Heavenly Star Town.
 Director Wang quickly said,"once the formation is activated, it will separate the heavens and earth!" Originally, it was to protect the residents of the city and could cover the entire Heavenly Star Town. However, it was not as good as it used to be. It could only cover a small area. The monster plant formation did not have any attack power and only had a defensive function. As for the Army formation, it has the power to attack ... One is to attack and the other is to defend. These guys are preparing to encircle and annihilate the Deputy commander, and at the same time, they are also stopping the other monster plants from participating in this battle. "
 Rose thorns was also very smart, so how could she not be worried that someone else would steal her peach?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The monster plant formation was to cover the mine and prevent other monster plants from entering.
 The military formation Jiang Chen had activated was to trap and kill the Vice Commander-in-Chief.
 "Is its defense strong?" Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 "Very strong!"
 Director Wang nodded."But that was in the past. It's hard to say now. We're not sure how much energy has been accumulated in the city. This is the first reason. The second reason is that the monster plants are not cooperating now. Even if the few monster plants that are involved cooperate, they may not be able to unleash their full potential."
 After saying this, he looked at Li Hao."But don't worry. We should be able to break in. Uncle-master is here."
 Black Phoenix was silent.
  Li Hao took a deep breath."At this stage, there are still a few monster plants out there. They might be paying attention to this. We need to do something ... We need to work together from the inside and outside. First, we need to get rid of these monster plants and not let the news spread."  Li Hao was still very cautious.
 "It's confirmed that the inspection Office and the others aren't involved ... But they might have been keeping an eye on it. If the other party has military armor, it's easy for them to communicate in the city and expose our existence. Therefore, we need to deal with these guys as fast as we can!"
 "It's not appropriate for the outside world to directly take down the nine divisions,"Li Hao said in a deep voice." Once they are taken down, it'll easily cause turmoil in the world ..."
 He muttered to himself for a moment and quickly said,"everyone, please wait for a moment. I need to first determine which monster plants are still guarding. Also ... I need to go out for a while. I have something to do."
 "Now?"
 "Now!"
 Li Hao nodded."They won't succeed so quickly. If it's that easy, they wouldn't have waited until now. They've activated the formation and trapped themselves. We can do something now so that it won't cause too much of a stir."
 At this point, Li Hao looked at hei Teng."Senior, we need you to break through the source of chaos here. Senior, head to the direction of the inspection division's monster plant. Director Wang, head to the direction of the Internal Affairs Division's monster plant ..."
 He then looked at the other monster plants and thought for a while before saying,""You guys wait for my arrangements here. I'll go up first to confirm the location of each family's monster plants and which monster plants are staying behind ... In fact, if the other party had left, the chaos source might have been broken, but we still have to confirm it first ..."
 He quickly made the arrangements. The others and monster plant did not say anything.
 This time, Li Hao had invited them and paid the price. They could do whatever Li Hao wanted. If anything happened, Li Hao would have to take responsibility.
 ……
 Li Hao quickly walked out of the relic.
 The communication device on the armor was turned on.
 A moment later, many figures quickly broke through the air. Experts quickly gathered. Even Yao si, the night patrolman, also quickly broke through the air.
  This action immediately caused the city to palpitate.
 The Heavenly Star governor's office had just destroyed Fengyun Pavilion. What were they up to now?
 At this moment, Li Hao's voice resounded through the sky and the earth. Large screens appeared in stellarsky city, showing Li Hao's figure. Li Hao's face was cold."According to our intelligence, the members of the three great organizations have infiltrated stellarsky city and are trying to overthrow the dynasty!"
 "The star military governor's office has no other responsibilities. From now on, the city will be sealed. All supers in the city are to head to the central square to register!"
 "Heavenly Star Demon Hunter Army, night patrollers, and the four military governors, mobilize all forces and search for any unregistered supers! The eight departments, the imperial family, the king's residence, and the Noble's lands all had night patrols visiting and personally compiling the book!"
 "No one is to stop me! If they dared to resist ... It would be a rebellion! Please cooperate and complete the registration of the Heavenly Star city's transcendents. Anyone who hides will be charged with treason and will be punished!"
 His voice reverberated in all directions.
 ……
 "Impudent!"
 At this moment, in the palace, even the heavenly astral King could not sit still. He was completely enraged.

 "Who gave you the guts to do that?"
 Li Hao, that bastard!
 Who gave him the guts?
 He actually wanted to seal the city and check the number of supers. To many people or powers, this was the most intolerable and unacceptable.
 Moreover ... The royal family was also among them.
 Had Li Hao gone crazy?
 Or could it be that he knew that many experts had entered the ruins, so he did this on purpose. On the one hand, he wanted to anger all parties and make the experts come out. On the other hand, he wanted to confirm whether those people had really entered the ruins?
 In an instant, countless thoughts appeared in the Heavenly Star King's mind.
 At this moment, the princes and princesses also arrived quickly. One of them entered and said angrily,""Imperial father, does this Li Hao really think he's the Emperor? The Heavenly Star military governor's office is only a military governor. Where did they get the authority to search the palace?"
 The princes and princesses were all furious.
  This was a provocation!
 At the same time, a powerful aura rose from all directions.
 Yao SI's voice also resounded in all directions."Night patrollers, move out in full force. Seal the four gates. Kill all trespassers without mercy!"
 Not only that, the next moment, a voice rang out,""The inspection Division will cooperate with the Heavenly Star governor's office to assist in the investigation and maintain the city's security. No one is allowed to create chaos!"
 As soon as these words came out, the heavenly astral King's expression changed. The next moment, like a roaring lion, he roared,""Bastard!"
 Inspection Office!
 Since the inspector was also involved, wouldn't it mean that he ... Was already planning to join Li Hao's side?
 Damn it!
 Fortunately, they didn't let that old man from the inspection Office in this time. Otherwise, they might be in big trouble.
 'Damn it!'
 "Father ..."
 "Shut up!"
 At this moment, the heavenly astral King was furious and interrupted his children's words. He silently sensed, and his expression changed again and again. At this moment, at least seven or eight auras of mystical powers appeared near the Imperial Palace.
 A Silver Moon elite!
 He quickly walked out of the Imperial Palace's main hall. Outside the palace walls, the southern Fist was floating in the air, followed by two top-notch experts, the earth overturning sword and the heavenly Sword, and over a thousand demon hunters.
 Nan Quan's expression was a little complicated, but he still shouted,""The Heavenly Star governor's office is here to pursue and annihilate the supers of the evil path. We are here to ensure the stability of the Heavenly Star dynasty. The bandits might be hiding in the palace. Please allow the Demon Hunter Army to enter the palace and investigate The Extraordinaries. This is to prevent the bandits from harming the Heavenly Star King!"
 "No!" Nan Quan shouted,"everything we do is for the dynasty and the royal family!" Everyone has a responsibility to uphold the peace of the world. I have offended you today, and I will definitely offer my humble apology the next day. Heavenly Star King, please open the main gates of the palace and order all the transcendents in the palace to gather in the square outside the Heavenly Star Hall to register!"
 Before the heavenly astral King could speak, someone angrily rebuked,""Southern Fist, are you trying to rebel?"
 A figure floated in the air, unable to restrain his anger.
  For so many years, the nine divisions had not dared to enter the palace, but today, Nan Quan was bringing people to break into the palace.  He should be killed!
 Nan Quan's face was cold,"the law is like this, everyone should abide by it." Besides, everything we've done is for the star dynasty, for the star imperial family, and for the world. If the star imperial family doesn't follow the rules, how can we convince the public?"
 He waved his hand, and a light screen appeared behind him. He said indifferently,""Prince Ming, the entire Heavenly Star city's citizens are watching us. If the imperial family doesn't comply, how can we expect the other clans to comply? He Yong is doing this for everyone's good. If a thief really sneaked into the palace and injured King Tian Xing, how would he explain it to the world?"
 Of the nine Kings of the imperial family, two had died, and there were seven left.
 At this moment, this Wisdom King's expression was unsightly.
 The southern style had even started a city-wide live broadcast.
 Also, since when did the stellarsky city have so many light screens?
 They were everywhere!
 At this moment, the city was densely packed with light screens everywhere. At this moment, experts were gathering in many places.
 ……
 The military law Department.
 Yuan Shuo had come in person, followed by many demon hunters and some night patrols. Yuan Shuo looked at the middle-aged man in the military law court and said with a cold expression,"Open the military law Division and assist the Heavenly Star governor's office in their investigation! Qi Dinghai, director Qi, you're a soldier, so you should do what a soldier should do. As for you letting my disciple stand in front of you ... Do you think I'll retreat or something? You'll have to bear the consequences if you anger me!"
 Yuan xingwu didn't say a word and lowered his head, not daring to look at his teacher.
 Qi Dinghai sighed and stepped on the air."Why?" In that case ..."
 Yuan Shuo's aura suddenly rose sharply, and he shouted,""If that's the case, what will the military law Division do? Was he rebelling? Even if Qi Pingjiang was here today, do you think you can get him to rebel?"
 Qi Dinghai looked at him silently for a long time before he smiled.""Alright, you guys investigate! The military law Department isn't afraid of being investigated ... But this time, they've gone too far. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Hmph!"
 Yuan Shuo ignored him. He waved his hand and shouted,""Enter the military law Department. All transcendents are to gather in one place. If any transcendent doesn't show up within 15 minutes, they will be executed!"
  Qi Dinghai did not say anything.
 The gate of the military court opened, and teams of night patrollers settled in. Some were excited, while others were nervous.
 This day ... Had come too quickly.
 The star military governor's office actually wanted to investigate the imperial family of the nine divisions today. It was simply ... Incredible.
 However, as one of them, these night patrollers were also extremely excited.
 Since when could they enter the military law Department in such a grand manner and directly search for transcendents?
 This ... Was too unbelievable.
 ……
 The Financial Secretary.
 Director Zhou personally took charge and said in a calm tone,"Secretary Liu, I hope that you can cooperate. It's just a registration and nothing else."

 Liu Yunqing smiled and nodded."Of course we will cooperate. Director Zhou, you can rest assured. The financial division has no objections."
 "That's good. "
 Director Zhou also laughed. The Liu family was a businessman. As businessmen ... If he spoke nicely, the Liu family would not stand out. Although the new and old secretaries were there, to him, this place was much easier to solve.
 ……
 Over at the Internal Affairs Division, the new and old secretaries were also present.
 Yao si and hou Xiaochen were the ones who came. The two of them were leading the team and were overseeing this place. Mu Hai's face was calm as he allowed the other party to send people in. He did not stop them, but he was a little dazed.
 ……
 The Meritorious Service division, the business division, and the etiquette division.
 Out of these three divisions, only the current Secretary of the Department of Commerce was still alive. Qian Wanhao's son had a cold expression on his face. On his side, it was the northern fist.
 BA Dao was in charge of the Meritorious Service division not far away.
  The light sword was in charge of the Department of Foreign Affairs further away.
 Of the two divisions, the old Secretary had gone down to the ruins, and the current Secretary had been killed by Li Hao. The Deputy secretaries didn't dare to resist at all, not to mention the famous martial masters of Silver Moon.
 ……
 There were Silver Moon experts in all directions.
 On the inspection Office side, there was no one.
 Just as the people from the inspection Office were confused, Chen Yao appeared and coughed.""Transcendents of the inspection Division, all the transcendents in the headquarters have gathered here to register! Transcendents outside the headquarters, coordinate with the star military governor's office and complete the registration within the city!"
 This time, many people were stunned.
 Previously, he could still say that it was the duty of the inspector to cooperate with the other party.
 But now ... The star military governor's office had sent people to other places, but no one from the inspection Office came. Chen Yao had done a self-examination ... What was this?
 Some people had already realized something, and they were all a little uneasy.
 For a moment, he didn't know if it was a good thing or a bad thing.
 A few deputy secretaries also swallowed their saliva.
 I didn't expect that our director ... Would actually ... Really side with Li Hao. My God, this is too surprising.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Chen Yao laughed."Alright, don't let your thoughts run wild. The inspection Office and the night patrol are one family. The Heavenly Star governor's manor is also from the inspection Office. They are all one family. At this moment, you must cooperate with the Heavenly Star governor's manor ... Don't panic!"
 No one dared to make a sound. One by one, they obediently went to the designated location to register.
 At this time, Chen Yao looked into the distance. It was the territory of the secretary of administration.
 The First Division of the nine divisions!
 Even though Zhao Tianyang wasn't present, his son, Zhao huaimin, was present. He wasn't a weakling.
 The key was to suppress the administrative division Secretary.
 He kept looking in that direction. Who would suppress it?
 Was Li Hao going in person?
 Without an expert to hold the fort, it would be impossible to intimidate the other party. It would be difficult to succeed and problems would easily arise.
  While he was thinking, a group of people came to the administrative division not far away.  Chen Yao's jaw almost dropped in shock.
 Not far away, Chen Zhongtian smiled brightly and said,""Nephew Zhao, as the First Division of the nine divisions, the division administration Department should take the initiative to cooperate with the registration and inspection."
 Chen Yao's jaw almost fell off in shock.
 When did my father run out?
 And ... He had gone to suppress the First Division.
 This ... This really meant that he had fallen out with the nine divisions. Leaving the nine divisions, Chen Zhongtian's appearance meant too many things.
 While he was still in shock, a person from the inspection Office came. He seemed to be somewhat unwilling, unhappy, and had a bad luck feeling.
 From a distance, he cupped his hands,"Silver Moon inspector Kong Jie greets the head secretary!" Director, when you've finished registering the list, just give me a copy ..."
 With that, he turned around and left, looking a little reluctant.
 The others went to suppress a region, and I came to deal with my old boss. I'm really unhappy.
 I don't have to do it myself. Chen Yao is checking his own strength. What can I do?
 He might as well go to the other divisions to watch the fun!
 ……
 Division of Administration.
 Zhao huaimin was also surprised and shocked. After a long time, he said softly,"I didn't expect Uncle Chen to actually ... Sigh ... Uncle Chen also thinks that the star military governor's office has a better future than the nine divisions?"
 He sighed with an indescribable feeling.
 Although Chen Zhongtian was not as good as Zhao Tianyang and Qi Pingjiang, he had always been in third place, the core power of the nine divisions. Now that Chen Zhongtian had personally appeared, it represented too much.
 Jiusi's confidence was almost shattered.
 Of the nine old secretaries, two died. Of the remaining seven, four went underground, and one came to suppress them in person. The Financial Secretary and the Internal Affairs Division did not show up at all.
 Zhao huaimin also felt sad for some reason.
 The nine divisions Alliance ... Was completely shattered.
  He wasn't the only one. At this moment, everyone who was paying attention to the matter fell silent.
 Chen Zhongtian ... The Chen family had completely surrendered.
 The big screens showed all the places.
 At this moment, even in the palace, a large screen was raised. The Heavenly Star King looked up silently. Chen Zhongtian ... Internal strife within the nine divisions was nothing. In the past, he would have laughed at it.
 But now ... One of the top three inspectors had actually sided with Li Hao.
 There was too much information contained in this.
 On the palace's side, sky sword, earth sword, and Southern Fist-three silver Moon elites-were standing guard. The heavenly astral King looked at the earth-overturning sword. At this moment, the aura of the earth-overturning sword was so powerful that it couldn't be any stronger. He was a little shocked.
 Was this ... Six elements?
 His improvement was too fast!
 The sky sword was also extremely powerful.

 Since when did the star military governor's office have the power to suppress everyone?
 Even though the other divisions only had one or two powerhouses, this was still an extremely terrifying matter. The martial masters of Silver Moon were already frighteningly powerful by following Li Hao.
 At this moment, some of the Royal residences in the city were also guarded by experts.
 The six older Silver Moon martial masters and rushing Thunder hand had all gone to their respective places to suppress the situation. Their auras were filled with qi and blood, and they were incomparably powerful.
 If they were martial masters, why were their auras so powerful?
 ……
 The next moment, a figure appeared on the light screen and said in a calm voice,""From now on, we will conduct an investigation. Everyone must be registered, including their strength level, Super System, faction, age, identity ... If anyone who counterfeits is found, they will be imprisoned and we will see what happens next!"
 "During the registration period, no transcendent is allowed to leave!"
 "The four city gates are sealed. If any transcendents escape, do not pursue them. Record their auras. After taking stock of the Heavenly Star City, the Heavenly Star governor's office will gradually investigate the entire world. Even if we escape to the superpower City, we will be caught sooner or later ..."
 Within the city, some of the transcendents were trembling in fear.
  But Li Hao's words reminded them.
 There weren't many experts at the four city gates.
 At this moment, all the transcendents with questionable identities were thinking ... Should they ... Escape to SuperPower City?
 It was said that the meeting of the cabinet elders was still going on in the city of supers. Almost a hundred powerful cultivators were gathered together, and even Li Hao couldn't afford to offend them.
 Should I ... Escape?
 Some of the spies from the three major organizations and the other major forces were all scared witless. At this moment, they only wanted to escape as soon as possible.
 Because at this time, a large number of night patrollers began to move out, and almost everyone had a super detector.
 If he continued to stay, he might really be captured and killed.
 Now, the imperial family and the nine divisions didn't seem to be prepared to resist. If they resisted Li Hao, they would be courting death.
 The reason why these people didn't resist was partly because some of the top powerhouses weren't around.
 On one hand, he didn't want to cause any more trouble!
 In their opinion, Li Hao was just trying to annoy them and even hope that they could summon the other superpowers back. Otherwise, what could they do even if they counted the superpowers?
 So what if he knew the strength of each party?
 The more Li Hao behaved like this, the more they couldn't summon the experts back. At least, Li Hao didn't have the courage to start a war with all the parties. He was just a deterrent.
 ……
 In the Imperial Palace.
 The heavenly astral King took a deep breath and said in a low voice,""Cooperate with their investigation."
 "Father!"  "Royal brother!"
 Below, the group of experts were all extremely sullen and furious.
 The heavenly astral King looked at them and said coldly,""If the heavens want it to die, they must let it go wild!"
 Li Hao was too arrogant today.
 Did he think that he was invincible after destroying Fengyun Pavilion?
 Right now, none of them were resisting. If they really fought, Li Hao's side wouldn't gain any advantage. Of course, the Silver Moon Martial master's strength was beyond their expectations.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, Li Hao also received the news from all sides.
 The old secretaries of the military law Division, the Division of Administration, the division of merits examination, and the division of foreign etiquette were all not present.
 This meant that the four families had gone to the remains, and the monster plants ... Had probably followed them.
 In the other families, there was a high chance that the monster plants were still around.
 "In that case, only the monster plants of the internal affairs, financial, patrol and commercial departments are left ..."
 The star military governor's office.
 Having collected the information, Li Hao sent another message through the armor.""Keep an eye on everyone and don't let any transcendents get close to the entrance of the ruins! Even if we have to fall out, we don't care. There's nothing to fear!"
 Seal off all communication between the surface and underground.
 This was Li Hao's first step.
 Today, he didn't have enough manpower, so he even had the inspection Office join in to suppress the four forces.
 Now that there were only four monster plants, things were much easier.
  Director Wang dealt with one, Black Phoenix dealt with one, Hong Shan dealt with one, and as for the rest, little tree worked together with a few weak monster plants and two puppets to deal with one.
 As long as these four were successfully dealt with, the eight monster plants that wind cloud tower had submitted to would each take charge of the situation. The second would replace the first. After that, whoever wanted to go down from the four divisions would die.
 As for the inspection Office, he could give them a heads up in advance to prevent them from sending people down to their deaths.
 It isolated the connection between the inside and outside!
 As for the other divisions, as long as the entrance was blocked, the people above could not go down, and there were no monster plants below, there would be no problem.
 Looking at Yu Luosha, Li Hao said,""Go to the ruins and convey my orders. Wait for them at any time. If you don't make a move, if you do ... You'll definitely be killed! "Kill the four monster plants quickly and don't create too much of a commotion. The eight monster plants of Windcloud tower must be prepared to continue absorbing energy at any time. Don't let the people inside feel anything unusual!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 Chief Steward Yu was also quite excited. Li Hao was simply too domineering today. He had ordered the Heavenly Star military governor's office to seal off the Heavenly Star City. This was simply unbelievable.
 However, it had to be said that there were countless experts in the star military governor's office.
 The families weren't prepared to fight to the death, and four of their top secretaries had left. They didn't have the strength to fight Li Hao, so they could only compromise. At least for now, they were only going to check their strength, not annihilate them.

 ……
 At the same time.
 The news also quickly spread throughout the world.
 Flying heavens.
 In a floating palace in the ocean, the flying sword immortal glanced at the communication Jade and exclaimed,""I didn't expect the Silver Moon martial arts world to really gather so quickly. Since ancient times, it's been very difficult for anyone to unify the Silver Moon martial arts world ... This Li Hao is quite capable, and the inspector has also joined Li Hao ... This investigation of their strength is only the first step. Next, we might have to determine if we can attack them with all our might and exterminate them!"
 "Immortal master, does Li Hao really dare to attack the imperial family and the nine divisions?"
 "Why wouldn't I?"
 The flying sword immortal smiled and quickly said,"but ... It doesn't have much to do with us for now. However, Li Hao is gradually completing his grand ambitions. This person ... Is getting more and more difficult to deal with."
 ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yama's headquarters.
  Deep in the mountains.
 The overbearing Yama looked at the ten Yama Kings below him for a long time before he snorted.""This Li Hao...He's got guts! But what surprised me even more was that the trash of the nine divisions and the imperial family had resigned themselves to their fate. Could it be that ... Those powerful cultivators are not here?"
 He thought to himself and frowned slightly.
 The nine divisions and the imperial family still had top-notch experts.
 For example, Jiang Chen, Qi Pingjiang, and Zhao Tianyang. Who wasn't a top-class expert?
 These top powerhouses actually didn't say a word and just accepted their fate?
 Strange!
 At this moment, the burly man seemed to realize something and sneered,""Don't tell me ... They're really not around?"
 Li Hao might know something.
 This move was a little to vent his anger and to take the opportunity to find trouble. Could it be that those guys had gone to the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town?
 There was really such a possibility!
 Having been forced to this point by Li Hao, perhaps ... These guys really had their eyes on the star Mine.
 "If that's the case ... Once they succeed, Li Hao will be in big trouble. I wonder if Li Hao's actions can force them to return. This isn't enough. It's best if they really fight. Only then will there be hope of forcing them back. Otherwise ... The other party might not care."
 The Yama had already guessed everything.
 At this moment, he suddenly understood Li Hao. Perhaps Li Hao was also anxious and hoped to force the powerhouses to come out through this method. As for whether they would continue this next time, he didn't know.
 "Have the Yama's men withdraw! Don't cause trouble for the Heavenly Star governor's office ..."
 Yama suddenly laughed,"if Li Hao is willing to fight with them, then let's fight!" Don't let our people get involved. "  "Yes!"
 Very quickly, someone took the order and left.
 ……
 At this moment, Ying Hongyue, who was on Hongyue's side, also guessed the reason immediately.
 However, he frowned slightly.
 He looked at the red cloak in front of him and said in a low voice,""Even if Li Hao forces them out now, he's just quenching his thirst with poison. I think his purpose is not that simple. If he's just trying to show off and force them to give up on the mine ... That's too childish."
 Yes, childish.
 If the Inspector General didn't reveal the truth, even if they were suspicious, they wouldn't be sure.
 This time, Li Hao's forces were almost completely exposed.
 This was not a good thing for Li Hao.
 The red cloak trembled slightly. After a long time, he said softly,""Then, Red Moon leader, do you think ... Li Hao has other targets?"
 Ying Hongyue pondered for a while and nodded slightly."To seal off Heavenly Star City and force the nine divisions and the royal family, do you think ... It's for the sake of taking over the underground? I don't believe that Li Hao isn't interested in the star Mine ... At this moment, the attention of the nine divisions and the imperial family has been drawn to the surface. Could he be doing something underground?"
 No one would be uninterested in the star Mine.
 This was the largest mine in the Silvermoon world.
 It was also the most well-preserved mine.
 If the mine exploded, it would immediately trigger a second recovery.
  This mine was enough to support the recovery of many powerhouses.
 However, the current external space was not enough for a large number of powerhouses to appear. Otherwise, even if there were many monster plants, they would have been swept up by people.
 The red-cloaked man said softly,"I actually know a little about the Heavenly Star Town. Currently, there are still 10 monster plants. Rose thorns is close to the Saint realm, and the other 9 are also undying existences. Moreover, the degree of recovery is stronger than the monster plants in other places."
 "Even if Li Hao wants to ... Do you think he can deal with these monster plants? Moreover, these monster plants have never been able to take down the huge mine in the Heavenly Star Town because the guard there was the Vice commander of the Heavenly Star Town in the past. He's also an existence that's close to the sage level, and has even stepped into the sage level now. "
 "If Li Hao wants to deal with them ... He has to have at least two saints!"
 The red-caped man smiled."Saints ... You two must enter from the outside world. Otherwise, there's no hope ... Of course, we can't rule out the possibility that Li Hao is working with one of them to deal with the other. That's possible." "However, the difference in strength between the two sides isn't that great. Otherwise, the victor would have been decided long ago. I don't think Li Hao can do anything ..."
 Heaven battling city had Saints, and so did the eight major cities.
 'The key problem is ... Forget about resuscitation, the other party can't get out.'
 Because of this, no matter how many thoughts Li Hao had, it was useless for him to try to get his hands on the giant Mine.
 The red-cloaked man continued,'at this stage, the most important thing to consider is ... Whether we can proceed with the second resuscitation in advance? "Rose thorns might have really set off to deal with that vice Commander-in-Chief. Once both sides are in a battle frenzy, the giant Mine will be destroyed and explode. Energy will be restored, and the second restoration will begin ... This is what we should consider-how to seize the initiative."

 Li Hao's actions only proved this point.
 As for whether Li Hao could take advantage of him ... The red-caped man felt that it was impossible.
 Where could he find two saints?
 Even if there were, they wouldn't be able to go to the Heavenly Star Town. The stronger they were, the harder it was to get out.
 "Is there no way to move a Saint to Heavenly Star Town?" Ying Hongyue asked with a slight frown.
 He was still a little worried.
 It was because Li Hao was getting harder and harder to predict.
 Ever since Li Hao had shattered the Hong family's godly hammer, he knew that Li Hao had completely lost control. He was no longer the guy he could easily manipulate.
 "No, I didn 't!"
 The red-cloaked man shook his head,"furthermore, the stronger it is, the harder it is!" Unless someone in this generation has become a saint, otherwise ... The current Silver Moon might ... Have his own will and will target the powerhouses of the new martial era even more. The stronger they are, the more they will be targeted!"
  "If a Paragon can use some powerful divine artifacts to protect themselves and can barely appear without using their full strength ... Once that Saint appears, he'll definitely cause space to explode and shatter. He might even be killed by the will of the heavens!"
 "Is this the will of the heavens?"
 Ying Hongyue seemed to be deep in thought as she muttered,"Do you think Li Hao is blessed by the heavens?"
 The man with the red cape was silent for a moment."It's hard to say. Actually ... You have a better chance. But ... Are you really unable to merge your seven meridians into one?"
 The red-cloaked man was somewhat grave."We've already come to this point. Li Hao is getting stronger and stronger. If you still can't solve the problem of your seven-in-one Meridian, you'll be in trouble."
 Ying Hongyue shook her head."No. You were the ones who tried to stop me before. Now ... I realize that it's not your fault anymore. It's just that as Li Hao grew stronger, his seven meridians are also in turmoil and are not very obedient."
 "Leader Hong Yue, you've misunderstood us. We've never stopped you ..."
 Ying Hongyue smiled without saying anything.
 You know very well whether or not you were the ones who tried to stop me.
 At this moment, he kept thinking and even put himself in Li Hao's perspective. If it was just to stop the other families from exploring Heavenly Star Town, this move could only be said to be childish and laughable.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com If it didn't work today, then tomorrow. If it didn't work tomorrow, then the day after.
 Unless you, Li Hao, decide to start a war now ...
 Otherwise, all his little tricks would be a joke.
 Therefore, Li Hao was definitely after the star Mine. However, just as the man with the red cape said, Li Hao was not strong enough to do that, so he could only cooperate with one side.
 It was impossible for them to be on rose thorns 'side, so it could only be the Vice Commander-in-Chief of the Heavenly Star Town.
 Thinking of this, he suddenly said,"do you think that Li Hao has reached an agreement with the Vice Commander-in-Chief of Heavenly Star Town? his actions are just to distract rose thorns's side. He wants to cooperate with them to get rid of these monster plants."
 This was the most likely possibility!
 The red-cloaked man laughed. After a long time, he said,""He won 't. Don't worry. Even if Li Hao really has a glib tongue, if he really meets the other party, and really hoodlums the other party ... In the end, Li Hao won't benefit."
  "Why?" Ying Hongyue's eyes moved slightly.  He seemed to have understood something.
 That vice Commander-in-Chief ... This red-caped man, perhaps ... They were related.
 "You'll find out sooner or later, so you don't have to worry about this now. " For now, I still hope that you can quickly reach an agreement with the First Division and let the people of the red moon enter the First Division and control one of the ten entrances. Otherwise, Heavenly Star Town will be completely isolated from the outside world. "
 "Do I need to contact the experts within?"
 "This isn't difficult, right?" Ying Hongyue raised her brows slightly.
 "There's still some difficulty. "
 The red-cloaked man smiled, and Ying Hongyue quickly made a judgment. It was not difficult to contact the monster plants as they were all at the entrance. However, if they wanted to contact the Vice Commander-in-Chief where the huge mine was located ... It was indeed difficult because they had to cross the area where the monster plants were guarding.
 In that case ... The person with the red cape was trying to contact the Vice Commander-in-Chief?
 In addition to what she had said earlier, Ying Hongyue was almost certain that these two were in cahoots.
 The biggest mine in the land of Silver Moon had been preserved for a long time, and it was still there today. Was it related to this group of people?
 The first and second resuscitation ... All the time was in the hands of these people. The resuscitation ... These people had already made arrangements, right?
 It wasn't a random recovery!
 Then why couldn't he control any of the entrances? did something happen inside, or was there some other reason?
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Perhaps, among the monster plants, there were also their people, but ... They might have rebelled later on, or there were other unforeseen events?
 The nine divisions, and even one division, were supported by them?
 He thought to himself and didn't ask any more questions.
  However, he still felt uneasy.
 Li Hao ... Was he that easy to make a wedding dress for others?
 ……
 Heavenly Star Town.
 In the mine area, a layer of light appeared and covered the entire area. The strong defensive power could even stop some top undying. Even if a Saint wanted to break through, it would take some time.
 Outside the light circle, there was originally a circle of black mist, which was where the chaos origin source was.
 But now, the black fog in some places had dissipated.
 There were a few places where the black fog was still present.
 At this moment, hei Teng appeared outside of the black mist. He looked into the black mist and saw a monster plant breathing in and out energy. The black mist trembled as if it wanted to break through the black mist. However, without the help of rose thorns, it was still dangerous.
 A golden light shot out from hei Teng's eyes as if he had heard something. The monster plant inside was cursing something.

