fileno%d
ly compared them to those who had recovered to their peak. The experts in the ancient city were all at their peak. They wouldn't be weakened unless they were not supported by the great Dao of origin.
 The dark spirit in front of him should be at the peak of immortal realm.
 Logically speaking, only those at the seventh stage of the sun Moon realm had a chance of defeating such an existence, and those who had opened at least 28 meridians would have a chance. No one on Li Hao's side had such battle prowess.
 However, at this moment, only a few powerhouses with more than 10 meridians and at the sun Moon realm were able to force the other party into a difficult position.
 "The degree of recovery is not enough, and the energy is weak. No wonder it has to absorb the little energy from the human body ..."
 Li Hao estimated that this person, who seemed to be at the peak of immortal realm, only had the battle strength of the third level of the sun Moon realm.
 Being attacked by so many sun and moon, he felt a little dwarfed.
 However ... Just because the monster plant at the base station was like this, it did not mean that the other monster plants were the same.
 ? Li Hao watched for a while. In the crowd, there were a few who were quite powerful, such as sky sword, domineering blade, and earth-covered sword ... These people were all quite powerful, but ... They were still fine when facing a weak undying.
 If he really encountered a fully recovered one ... That would be bad.
  12 meridians battle strength, peak of the first stage of Sun Moon.
 With such combat power, he could only deal with some mid-stage or late-stage cultivators who had fully recovered.
 These days, although the earth and heaven energy wasn't too abundant, it was constantly recovering. Many experts were probably much stronger than before.
 Just as he was thinking, Hong Yitang shouted in the distance and struck out with his sword!
 It was ever-changing!
 As he slashed out, some of the power of the bright star sector emerged in the void, and his body emitted a faint white light. This was the sign of the physical body Dao being activated. Li Hao watched carefully.
 This sword didn't use the power of the earth element, but the power of the fire element. It was like a raging fire burning the sky!
 BOOM!
 The powerful underworld Spirit Tree was sent flying by the sword. In an instant, the others swarmed forward and used all kinds of methods.
 At this moment, director Qi also walked over and watched the battle beside Li Hao. After watching for a while, he said,""The dark spirit hasn't recovered much, and it's lacking in energy. If it revives for a while longer ... These people might not be able to deal with it."
 Li Hao nodded."That's why I have to take advantage of the fact that the recovery of the world's energy isn't fast enough. I have to strike first!"
 After thinking for a while, Li Hao said,""Senior, do you think that a cultivator at the seventh stage of the sun Moon tier with 28 opened meridians would be able to defeat a Sage?"
 "The Saints of this era?"
 "Yes,"
 "Impossible!"
  Director Qi shook his head,"unless it's an extremely weak Sage, so weak that he's ... Not even one-tenth of his original strength!" Otherwise, if you've recovered a little more, you won't be able to defeat your opponent with your 7th tier battle prowess ... If you're at the 9th tier, you might have a chance. With a 9th tier, you'll have around 36 opened meridians. Against an early stage Sage who hasn't fully recovered ... You might have a chance. " This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "However, once the other party isn't at the initial stage of the Saint realm and has recovered more than 30%, you won't be able to defeat him."
 He continued,"from what I've observed so far, the sun Moon tier is actually the pinnacle level back then!" Of course, now that they've lost their origin source, everyone can lower their cultivation level by a level. At the sun Moon tier, at the middle stage of the sun Moon tier, perhaps they'll be able to fight against some undying. "
 "The late stage of Sun Moon realm can defeat some late stage or even peak stage immortal realm experts ..."
 He continued,"this is referring to those who have fully recovered, so in reality, those at the peak of the sun Moon realm should be able to sweep away any undying existence!" However, to deal with a Sage ... One would need to be at least one level lower!"
 Li Hao immediately frowned.
 There must be Saints in ancient cities.
 It was hard to say how much he had recovered.
 It might be half-recovered, but it might not be. Who knew?
 The battle power of a Saint was what he feared the most.
 As for the undying realm, Li Hao had forcefully opened his meridians regardless of the cost. It wasn't like he couldn't open more than 28 meridians. When he was dealing with the divine Kingdom, he had even opened all his Dao meridians.
 Hong Yitang and the others had no problem dealing with peak level undyings, and there was hope for some undyings who had not recovered much.
 However, against Saints, no matter how few of them recovered, it would not be of much use.
 With that, the Saints of the ancient city were the biggest problem.
 Li Hao had a headache.
  Director Qi also knew why he was anxious, so he said,""It's not just about the sages. There are also many defensive systems in the main city. Even the ancient city can be used at a critical moment."
 He gave Li Hao more pressure.
 After he finished speaking, he seemed to find it a little funny."Of course, if we encounter those main cities that have just recovered, even if they are Saints, they are not scary. You should be able to deal with them. However, it has been 21 years since the first recovery. I don't believe that all the main cities have only just recovered ..."
 Li Hao didn't know whether to laugh or cry,"senior, why give me so much pressure?"
 "The truth is here."
 He suggested,"if you don't open more than 36 meridians, I don't recommend you to attack any main city!" Even 36 meridians would not be enough! The most extreme situation is for a Sage to fully recover ... The initial stage is still fine, but if it's a peak Sage like director Zhang, you won't be able to fight him without 100 meridians!"
 Li Hao took a deep breath. Extreme circumstances ...
 There was no point in thinking about it.
 If that was the case, he could only accept his fate.
 As they spoke, the Silver Moon martial masters Unleashed their full power and pummeled the tree until it roared in anger. At this moment, their true bodies appeared, and cracks appeared on the tree's body. However, it was still as powerful as ever.

 He relied on the strength of his main body to force everyone to retreat continuously.
 For a moment, they were actually unable to take down the other party.
 With so many people, they couldn't even take down a peak immortal who hadn't recovered much. The power that the other party had recovered was really very little, even worse than the Redwood.
 Li Hao didn't care.
 He just looked.
 He thought to himself, what if I encounter a Saint?
 It was almost a hundred percent certain that they would encounter it!
 If he were to forcefully open 36 meridians, in addition to his nine Sacred Arts and his physical body Dao, would he be able to open 46?
 Number 46, can you take down the other party?
 How long could his physical body last with all his meridians opened?
  10 seconds, or 30 seconds?
 The last time, he opened all of them once ... After giving the Queen a punch, he couldn't take it anymore and almost exploded.
 Now, it should be better than before.
 After all, he had opened his physical meridians and a few more aperture acupoints. However, it was still not enough.
 At this moment, Li Hao had opened 250 acupuncture points. In addition to the 10 other Dao meridians, he had only opened 24 meridians. It was very difficult for him to withstand the sudden burst of more than double the number of Dao meridians.
 While he was still thinking, director Qi struck again, "There's one more thing. The great Dao of origins is gone, but the mental energy of the sages is powerful. The new humans don't focus on cultivating mental energy or force! You have to make sure that force won't be crushed by the opponent's spiritual power. Otherwise, it's useless no matter how strong you are. You'll be directly pulled into the opponent's spiritual domain and killed!"
 Li Hao's expression changed."I've fused nine forces. Can I resist the mental suppression of a Saint?" he asked.
 "It's a little difficult!"
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly.
 "I can sense your Shi ... When combined, it'll be hard to break through to the undying realm, but to the sage realm ... It's a whole new level. It's definitely possible to break through!"
 Li Hao took a deep breath.
 "But, it's not like there's no other way ..." Director Qi added.
 Li Hao looked at him. Director Qi thought for a moment and said,""If you hide your power in the bright star field, it'll be hard for the other party to attack the bright star field ... Also, if you really want to kill a Saint, it'll be as difficult as ascending to the heavens. However, it's not like there's no way, it's still the bright star field!"
 Li Hao's heart moved.
 "The bright star field is your base camp, and no one knows much about this great Dao universe ... If you have a way to pull it into the bright star field to battle and completely cut off the other party's connection with the world, you'll have a chance of dealing with a Saint who hasn't fully recovered."
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly as he thought of something.
 Pulled into the bright star sector!
 But ... It wasn't that simple.
 However, this was indeed a good idea. Director Qi was only responsible for giving suggestions. As for how to carry it out, it was up to Li Hao. Li Hao, on the other hand, was deep in thought.  At this moment, the battle in front of them had already turned white hot.
 At this moment, Chen Zhongtian, who had been hiding his strength, suddenly attacked with his sword. This sword was actually a combination of many divine powers. With one sword, there was a loud bang. Taking advantage of the fact that the opponent didn't pay much attention to him, he pierced through the opponent's heart of life.
 As for the others, they all rushed forward and roared.
 Seeing that he didn't have much time left, this undying-level being was already prepared to self-destruct.
 At this moment, the Emperor guards who hadn't made any moves all this time suddenly summoned the illusionary Imperial Palace and suppressed it with a loud bang!
 His strength was much stronger than before!
 In an instant, the violent energy was suppressed, and in the blink of an eye, the other party's origin source appeared. The earth overturning sword and the others all unleashed their magical powers, and with a loud bang, the other party's origin source was cut in half.
 This was the first time they had killed an undying all by themselves.
 However, Li Hao was still frowning.
 Everyone was much stronger than before.
 But ... This was only an undying that had only awakened a little.
 There was a long way to go to deal with the ancient city.
 However, seeing that everyone was still very excited, Li Hao also revealed a smile.""Everyone's battle strength has increased greatly, you can actually kill undying, congratulations!"
 Everyone was also very excited. However, Li Hao quickly said,""This one has only recovered a little. He's only comparable to some in the early stage of immortal realm ... A fully recovered early stage immortal realm might be a little weaker."
 As soon as he said this, everyone was stunned and instantly withdrew from their joy.
 "Around the third level of the sun Moon tier, which is the peak of the absolute peak ..." Li Hao continued.
 The crowd instantly fell silent.
 Was that the only way?
  They had thought that they could really kill the peak of immortal realm experts.
 Li Hao didn't say much. He had to tell the truth. Otherwise, if he mistakenly thought that he could kill a peak immortal easily, that would be the beginning of his death.
 "It's already very good! Pack up and go to the next base station!"
 Li Hao didn't say much."There's still a lot of room for improvement. As long as you can reach the fourth level of the sun Moon tier ... You'll be comparable to an undying. Back then, there weren't many undying."
 "The fourth stage of the sun Moon realm, only 19 meridians opened ..."
 ,m Everyone wanted to roll their eyes.  Only?
 How could it be that simple!
 You're the only one who thinks that there are only 19.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, no one was dejected. They quickly cleaned up the battlefield. The harvest was still not bad. Very soon, the earth drilling shuttle left again and flew to the next base station.

 Time slowly passed.
 Li Hao's group was also seizing every second to seize control of the base station.
 It was a race against time.
 ……
 At the same time.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was clearly an invasion by four countries, but heavenstar welcomed a short period of peace.
 Li Hao didn't attack the four countries again.
 The four nations chose to stop as well. Even the most powerful divine nation chose to wait. Everyone seemed to be waiting for an opportunity.
 In the West.
 Yang Shan and his wife were leading thousands of demon hunters, with more and more troops gradually gathering around them. There were also some supers from the provinces in the West who rushed over to defend the Western border.
  At this moment.
 At the end of the West side was a huge city.
 The Queen had not yet recuperated. At this moment, she was looking into the distance from the top of the city.
 It had been two days, no, three days since Li Hao had left.
 For the past three days, the world had been peaceful.
 It was so quiet that it was strange.
 That sense of oppression, that sense of suffocation, it was obvious that the war had not broken out again, but not only the Yang Shan couple guarding the West, but the Queen also felt a little breathless.
 What was Li Hao doing at this moment?
 After wandering around, Li Hao didn't start a large-scale war with any party. He also didn't choose to race against time to kill one party and then deal with the other three. He chose to remain silent.
 This wasn't right!
 At this moment, the Queen looked at the person beside her and sighed slightly.""Fate, can you see anything?"
 The goddess of fate.
 To see through the fate of others, whether they were dead, alive, strong, or dead ...
 Strictly speaking, the goddess of fate's divine power was similar to Qian Wuliang 's. However, Qian Wuliang looked at people's hearts, while the goddess of fate looked at people's future luck, which was a bit vague and not as reliable as people's hearts.
 The goddess of fate had been observing for the past few days, especially yang Shan and the others. At that moment, she frowned slightly and said slowly,""The future ... Is unknown! The fate of these people, sometimes it seems that they will soar to the sky, and sometimes it will be dark and gloomy, as if they will die very soon. "
 The Queen frowned slightly.
 What kind of answer was that?
 Beside him, another deity said in a low voice,""Maybe Li Hao is doing something. He's determined to die!"
 "Are you planning to ambush my God nation again?"
 What kind of situation would make Li Hao decide his life and death with a thought?
 The Queen also frowned slightly. After a long time, she didn't ask any more questions. Instead, she looked at a person not far away and said coldly,""Black robe, is there still no news from your side?"
  The Queen wasn't polite at all.  At this moment, black robe had also received the news. He said softly,""Lord has already made arrangements and replied. He will quickly send troops to help. In addition, there will be a saint's avatar coming this time. Lord asked me to remind the moon goddess to be careful ... Not only Li Hao, but also some other people."
 "What do you mean?"
 "The moon goddesses should have some understanding."
 The Queen frowned and looked into the distance at Silvermoon. After a long time, she said,""You mean, the guy near the moon?"
 "Yes,"
 The Queen snorted and frowned.""I knew that a seal had appeared over there. If not ... I would have recovered long ago!"
 She was a God born from the moon, and the first God in the world.
 It was reasonable to say that she would be stronger than anyone else when she was resurrected, even stronger than the Prophet and the sun god. However, her main body, the moon, was sealed.
 It was not specifically targeted at the moon, but because ... There were two things in that place. First, the Stargate, and second, a sealed expert.
 Moreover, there was still the eight trigrams seal there.
 It caused her main body's power to be unable to be transmitted.
 The Silver Moon ... It was called the Silver Moon because it was powerful.
 Therefore, the Queen knew that there was a problem. At this moment, she asked directly,""I want to know ... Who is sealed there?"
 Black robe was silent for a moment.
 After a while, he said,"there are many things. First, the Stargate." Second, a venerable sovereign from another world. Third, sword city. "
 "Venerable sovereign?"
 Black robe nodded."Back then, venerable the sword and the others left the Stargate. They were ambushed by the Crimson Moon world. The Crimson Moon world ... Is the universe that the human King wants to conquer." "The other party is very powerful ... He even wants to use the Silver Moon to attack the origin world ... We don't know what is happening outside the Stargate. However, someone from the other side barged in from outside the Stargate ..."
 Black robe was silent for a moment."In the end, at the critical moment, an expert from sword city made a move," he said."Together with some tricks left behind by the eight major cities, they severely injured the venerable sovereign and sealed him near the Stargate."
 "Venerable sovereign ..."
 The Queen repeated again and mumbled,"I see!" However ... A venerable Emperor-to-be was able to break through the longevity Swordmaster and the rest's defense ... This means that there might be a tragic battle outside the Stargate?"
  "Maybe!"
 Black robe said.
 The Queen suddenly sneered."It's not necessarily that the other party is strong. You've contributed a lot. If I remember correctly, the formation formed by the eight major cities is extremely powerful. It won't be so easy to break through."
 Black robe remained silent.
 It was indeed a pincer attack. Otherwise, it would not have been so easy to break into the Silver Moon.
 Of course, there was no need to say more about this.
 "Then, are you guys going to unseal that person now?" the Queen frowned.
 "No."
 The Queen was startled and looked at black robe. Black robe calmly said,""We have our own demands! The enemy ... Is The Public Enemy, because the enemy is the strongest!"
 "It's because the Silver Moon ... I mean, the moon goddess's true body is being suppressed by the seal,"he added."It's possible that the other party will come to Kill the Moon goddess."

 "They have other people?"
 "There is."
 Black robe nodded."The Crimson Moon world is a little special. Back then, before the Stargate was closed, a group of people had already entered the land of the Silver Moon. Later on, when the battle broke out, although the venerable sovereign was sealed, before the energy of heaven and earth was completely extracted, the other party used a special energy to transform a group of people into the people of the red moon. "Twenty-one years ago, when the first recovery began, some of the other party's energy seeped out and infected a portion of people again ..."
 "Infected?" the Queen was puzzled.
 "It's an invasion of energy ... But the eight great families "seal is still there, so the impact isn't that great for the time being!"
 At this point, black robe considered for a moment before saying,""The representative of the Crimson Moon world, the representative of the modern world, is Ying Hongyue, one of the three major organizations. This person has contacted us before. He can be considered a modern communication bridge for both sides."
 At this moment, black robe had said a lot.
 Some secrets weren't too big of a secret now.
 However, he had to remind yueshen to be careful of the red moon's people attacking her.
 The Queen frowned again."If you kill me ... I can resurrect again. I might not die, and my main body might not be affected ..."
  "No!"
 Black robe shook his head and said,"Your Excellency moon god, if you're killed this time, you might not have the chance to revive again!" That venerable sovereign might have already woken up ... Once her Excellency moon goddesses die, she might have a chance to break open your main body and even extract the moon's energy ... Using this to break the seal. Her Excellency ... Might not have the chance to revive again. "
 The Queen frowned and said nothing.
 In other words, her situation might not be any better than Li Hao 's. However, she soon sneered,""Even Li Hao, the representative of the heavenly axiom, can't do anything to me here, let alone those guys!"
 It wasn't a venerable sovereign who came personally.
 Back then, she had even fought with venerable sovereigns personally.
 Yes, Sword Saint.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Of course, she didn't have many memories left. After reincarnating, she didn't recover much. Most of her energy was in her main body, but her main body ... She knew that it was difficult to control. It wasn't just a problem of the seal. The Stargate was inside her main body.
 It was very troublesome!
 Venerable the sword had destroyed her spirit, but he had taken her body and built a Stargate that penetrated the boundary wall. However, venerable the sword had been gone for too long, and the Stargate had sealed itself. She had only recovered once again, and could more or less control the moon.
 In today's world, she could even defeat Li Hao, the representative of the heavenly axiom, let alone the guy in the Crimson Moon world, so she was not that afraid.
 After a moment of silence, black robe said,"we still have to be careful ... My Lord, you don't want anything to happen to her Excellency the moon goddess. Besides ... Since the venerable sovereign of the Crimson Moon has awakened, it's impossible for her to be unprepared. After all, she is entangled with the Stargate, the moon, and even the seal. Perhaps ... She has also occupied and influenced some of heaven's will. It's not impossible for her to have representatives of heaven's will like the moon goddess, Li Hao, and King Dali."
 If such a person appeared, he would be able to break through the limits of the world.
  As for how much he could break ... It was hard to say for now.  Yueshen frowned.
 After a long time, he changed the topic and asked,""What are the rules for dealing with Li Hao?"
 "When the king of Dali returns ... His lordship wishes to hold a meeting of the five parties."
 Black robe said quickly,"on Li Hao's side, even if one of them were to deal with him alone, they would suffer heavy losses. You know everyone's concerns. However, if the five of us join forces, it won't be a big problem."
 "Didn't you see the officiant of the temple attack?"
 "You actually still hope that the Li Dynasty will cooperate?" the Queen said coldly.
 She found it unbelievable!
 This was because they had seen with their own eyes that the Li Dynasty's officiant had actually helped Li Hao's side.
 "The king of Dali is also a King ... Right now, he just feels that he can't take down Li Hao. In addition, there are some problems in Dali's territory, so it's normal for him to ease up with Li Hao for the time being."
 "Within the borders?"
 "Yes, the three major organizations have entered the Li Dynasty."
 The Queen frowned and said after a moment,"when will the five-party conference be held?" Also ... I already know about the vast wilderness, but what about Shui Yun's woman? it's said that she also won the favor of the heavens after sparring with Li Hao? This time, is the will of the heavens so benevolent?"
  She wanted to get angry!
 Li Hao, the king of Dali, she didn't need to say anything more. She was a God of heaven and earth, so what right did that person in the raincloud Kingdom have to be on par with Li Hao?
 Did the heavens favor so many people?
 This Tianyi ... Was he still not fully developed?
 He got himself a bunch of people who were loved by the will of heaven. Perhaps there were such people in the Crimson Moon world. How many people did the will of heaven favor?
 Black robe was also speechless, and only spoke after a long while,""I'm not too sure about the details, but this person might have obtained some extremely terrifying inheritance ... Of course, it's hard to say whether it's true or not."
 "The five-party meeting will be carried out as soon as possible," he said."His Excellency isn't the only one who's anxious. In fact, His Excellency doesn't want to give Li Hao too much time either."
 The Queen nodded.
 He suddenly thought of something and said,""You don't seem to be as wary of us, including natural-born gods, as Li Hao! Desolate beasts, gods, initial stage martial artists, and even the Crimson Moon world ... You're all willing to cooperate with them, so why don't you cooperate with Li Hao? it might be easier for you to help them get rid of us. "
 After saying that, she said in a deep voice, just because Li Hao discovered a new path? However, the new Dao ... In my opinion, it might have appeared a long time ago, and the gods should be the spokesmen of the new Dao. It's just that we haven't discovered its true use yet. But we've already made some discoveries after Li Hao revealed the great Dao universe last time ... Why are you still bent on killing Li Hao?"

 She looked at black robe with a burning gaze.
 This group of people was very bold.
 You're not brave enough to betray neo martial?
 However, such a bold group of people seemed to be frightened by Li Hao. In the Queen's eyes, Li Hao ... Was not too bad, just average.
 If not for the power of some neo martial artists, God nation would have destroyed Li Hao's side in the previous battle.
 Her personal strength was even greater than Li Hao 's.
 Even if Hong Yue had cooperated with them, perhaps Scandinavia was the one they should be most afraid of. In the end, they would rather cooperate with Scandinavia to destroy Li Hao than cooperate with Li Hao. It was really strange.
 Black robe sighed,'Your Excellency, don't underestimate Li Hao. Anyone who can discover a universe of the great path is terrifying! In the new martial era, the strongest expert who discovered the great path universe was the celestial Emperor. He had once unified the heaven and earth and controlled the world! The fact that Li Hao was able to discover it means that his talent, luck, and opportunity are all top-notch. Silver Moon has been in the Li family's control for many years, after all, and the fact that he has the Galaxy Sword means a lot. "
 p "The second is the starry sky sword. It is a very important thing, even the key to controlling the world ... The sword venerable has controlled the Silver Moon for thousands of years, and the Stargate is closely related to the starry sky sword. Even a venerable sovereign can't break the Stargate, so it can be imagined how special the starry sky sword is."   "Third, the old replacing the new. According to our judgment, the prodigies of the new generation are more terrifying than the older generation ... And in this era, the prodigies of the new generation are actually Li Hao, the Li Dynasty King, Ying Hongyue, and the others. His Majesty ... Doesn't count."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The Queen frowned but did not deny it.
 Did she count?
 Perhaps, it really didn 't.
 "We have had such an experience before."
 Black robe said softly,"in the new martial era, countless powerhouses of the older generation, even those as strong as the celestial Thearch, were killed by the human King! When the human King killed the celestial Emperor, he was ... Not much older than Li Hao. It's also because of this that we all feel that Li Hao is a greater threat than anyone else, not just to us, but to everyone else! In an era where the old and the new are replaced, the older generation is often the group of people who are eliminated. "
 "Is that possible?" the Queen asked coldly. On Li Hao's side, excluding the few new martial artists, the strongest is only Li Hao himself. But in terms of battle strength, he's only some of the current undying, or even about the same as the paragons of the past ... A Paragon can overthrow all the old people?"
 This time, black robe looked at the Queen and said calmly,""You can't look at it that way. Back then, no one expected that the human King could overthrow the nine emperors and four deities. However, the result proved that ... Anything is possible."
 The Queen frowned and did not say anything this time.
 Was Li Hao that scary?
 To be honest, she didn't feel much. Even if she had suffered a little loss, it was nothing to her.
 If not for Zhang an, what would Li Hao be?
 In terms of battle power, they weren't weak, but they weren't too strong either. There wasn't an undying that could kill a Saint. Although they had many Sacred Arts, they were only common Sacred Arts.
 His combat strength was average, and as for his personality, Li Hao's previous defeat had almost caused him to collapse, so his personality and mentality were just the same.  The Prophet had said that Li Hao had a good heart, but the Queen felt that ... It was nothing.
 She didn't bother to say more. Instead, she looked at the large number of troops in the distance and said in a deep voice,""These ants dare to stop the advance of the God nation's Army without Li Hao. They don't know what death is!"
 She wanted to destroy these people.
 She was also worried that once it was destroyed, Li Hao would attack Scandinavia at all costs, and the other families would watch the show. The damage to Scandinavia would be too great. This was what she was dissatisfied about.
 After a moment of silence, he said,"quickly start the five-party conference!" Since you're so afraid of Li Hao, why are you still dawdling ... It doesn't suit your status as a neo martial artist. Aren't neo martial artists always very efficient?"
 She sneered."When the sword Saint dealt with us, he was very fast. He cleared the area in the blink of an eye. Now ... The sword Saint has left, and you guys are dilly-dallying. No wonder you can't achieve great things!"
 Black robe was speechless.
 If the second recovery had begun, it would naturally not be so troublesome. However, who would have thought that there would be trouble at the end? the second recovery had been blocked.
 ……
 On this day, the great wilderness and the water cloud sect were both observing the situation.
 On this day, in the Li Dynasty.
 The mountains were covered in dense forests.
  Countless tribes were scattered in all directions. However, there was also a dynasty in the center of the Li Dynasty, which was also the largest tribe and the area where the divine Hall was located. A huge city lay at the end of the North.
 At this moment, King Dali's body was exuding some golden light. Frowning, he looked coldly at some people who were fleeing in the distance.
 Li Hao's clone stood beside him.
 His aura wasn't too strong.  This clone was created by Li Hao's "mountain" character, which was considered a branch of the "earth" character. It was average in strength and only had the power of the mountains and seas.
 Seeing the group of people fleeing in the distance, Li Hao asked in confusion,""Why didn't the king of Dali chase after him?"
 The Dali King frowned and looked at him, saying coldly,""This clone of yours is too weak, and even its intelligence is a little slow! They're just a bunch of bait to lure me away. Can't you see that?"
 "Li Hao" didn't mind. He nodded. "I'm a little stupid. As long as the main body only gave me some power, he didn't give me too much brain power. It's just some simple mind power operations. It's hard to deduce and analyze too much."
 It was just a receiver. After returning, it would transmit everything it saw and heard to the main body.

 p As for the brain ... What was that?  Obviously, he didn't have a clone.
 The Dali King frowned and said,"these guys ... Ying Hongyue must be nearby. Not only that, I suspect that the source of the forbidden Sea is nearby!" These people might want to detonate the forbidden Sea ... A bunch of bastards! As you said, these bastards only want to create chaos, bastards!"
 He was also very angry at the moment. He had somewhat underestimated the three major organizations.
 He had been playing hide-and-seek with him for several days. Although he had killed many people, he hadn't seen Ying Hongyue and the other main forces. He concluded that these people were in the same place and were secretly plotting something.
 Perhaps ... He would soon have to do as Li Hao said and break some of the restrictions of heaven and earth, release more experts, and raise the upper limit of the ancient people.
 This was not the result he wanted to see!
 However, he just couldn't find Ying Hongyue. This made him feel very helpless.
 In the past few days, they had killed hundreds of members of the three major organizations, but no one knew where they were.
 He turned around and glanced at "Li Hao," feeling a little depressed.
  If Li Hao's main body was here, there might be some room for discussion. But leaving behind a fool's clone, who knew nothing except asking a few questions from time to time and had a worrying combat strength, he would not have brought such a thing with him.
 Li Hao had said that his clone was very powerful, but what was the result?
 "If I had known earlier, I would have brought Jiang Li back. At least, the officiant of the divine Hall is here. Maybe he can find those guys through some special means.
 He was thinking.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Suddenly, several shadows appeared in front of him, and the Dali King frowned slightly.
 He recognized these people.
 They were all dressed in black robes. At this moment, they suddenly appeared and one of them said in a deep voice,""Your Majesty, my Lord hopes that Your Majesty can put aside some trivial matters for the time being. My Lord has ordered us to find the three major organizations and persuade them to leave the Li Dynasty ... Whether it's the three major organizations or the four countries, their current target should be Li Hao."
 After saying that, he glanced at Li Hao, who looked a little silly. He knew that this was Li Hao's clone, but he didn't pay much attention to it.
 "We'll make Ying Hongyue leave the Li Dynasty ... Your Majesty, please don't ruin our grand plan because of these small matters!"
 The Dali King replied coldly,"small matter?" Ying Hongyue and her group sneaked into the Li Dynasty, and you say it's a small matter? "The Li Dynasty has been attacked. You have to understand that I am not your servant! Ying Hongyue is in cahoots with you, and you actually dared to invade the Li Dynasty when I was leaving ..."
 "Your Majesty, you've misunderstood!"
 Black robe said in a deep voice,"Ying Hongyue isn't one of us. We only have a simple cooperation. He's the spokesperson of the Crimson Moon world. We only have a basic cooperation."
 He then added,"my Lord doesn't want to ruin his relationship with His Majesty because of this matter. Ying Hongyue, we will expel him as soon as possible. My Lord hopes that we can hold a meeting of the five parties as soon as possible and reach an agreement. Now, only the King of Dali is unable to attend ..."
  "Your Majesty, please kill Li Hao's clone to prevent the news from leaking out!"  The Dali King said coldly,"let's get Ying Hongyue out first!" Otherwise ... The five-party conference is all bullshit!"
 Just as he said that, a figure appeared in the distance. He was wearing a red robe and had a smile that was as bright as the sun."The king of Dali ... Has really misunderstood me. Hongyue is only here to enjoy the scenery, not ..."
 BOOM!
 The Dali King made a move in an instant. With one punch, the sky collapsed and the earth cracked.
 Ying Hongyue, however, disappeared in the blink of an eye.
 When he reappeared, there were a few more black robes beside him. He revealed a smile."Why is Your Majesty so irascible? Since something big has happened, Hongyue is not an insensible person. Since Your Majesty wants to drive us away ... We will leave. "
 The king of Dali looked at these shadows coldly and said in a low voice,""You want to stop this King?"
 The black robes looked at each other. Very quickly, the black robe who had spoken earlier said again,""Your Majesty, the important matters are more important! Chief Ying has already agreed to leave ... At this moment, the five-party meeting is imminent ... His Majesty also doesn't want Dali and heavenstar to become the targets of the other parties together ..."
 "You are threatening this King?"
 "I don't dare!"
 "It's not a threat. It's just that ... Compared to the general situation of the world, the dispute between His Majesty and leader Ying is just a small matter,"black robe said in a low voice.
 At this moment, Ying Hongyue also laughed."Your Majesty, why must you exterminate me? my enemy is Li Hao. Everyone's enemy is Li Hao."
  "Li Hao said that you're going to destroy the forbidden Sea and release the restrictions of heaven and earth ..." King Dali suddenly said.
 "Your Majesty, you've overestimated me,"
 "Why would I?" Ying Hongyue laughed.
 "This King didn't believe it either ... But now, this King somewhat believes it!"
 "Your strength seems to be stronger than I imagined," he said as he looked at Ying Hongyue.
 "Your Majesty, you're too kind,"
 "How about this ... If you don't die after taking three of my punches, I'll only expel you and return to the five-party conference. What do you think?"
 Ying Hongyue furrowed her brows slightly."Your Majesty is the master of a region and the hegemon of the world. I'm just the leader of a mere local organization. The difference is like the difference between heaven and earth. Your Majesty, three punches ... Wouldn't that be taking my life?"
 "You don't have a choice ..." The Dali King said coldly."If you don't accept it, then I won't kill you today, and I won't participate in the so-called five-faction meeting. I'll wait for Li Hao to kill you!"
 Ying Hongyue couldn't help but laugh."Your Majesty ... Really ... Has seen through me. Li Hao ... He hates me to the extreme. I was really worried that he would come after me."

 "Then, Your Majesty's words carry enormous weight ... If I don't die from three punches, you won't hunt me down anymore?"
 "The prerequisite is that you leave the Li Dynasty!"
 "Of course!"
 "Then take this!"
 "Break!" The Dali King growled. Suddenly, a golden light burst out. He punched out, and the void cracked.
 Ying Hongyue let out a sigh and suddenly threw out a weapon. It was a long spear. The long spear crossed the sky and overflowed with an incomparably powerful light. The Dali King punched out, and the long spear flew out with a loud bang.
 The Dali King's expression changed slightly. Opposite him, Ying Hongyue spurted out a mouthful of blood. Her face was deathly pale as she laughed. "I've received the first punch,"
 "One of the eight divine weapons?"
 "Hmm, Your Majesty has good eyes!"
 The Zhou family's gun!
  The Dali King's eyes flickered. The next moment, he let out another low shout. This punch was even more powerful. The golden light on his body became even more intense. He threw out a punch. At this moment, Ying Hongyue threw out another weapon.
 It was a chain-like weapon, the Zheng family's nine-section whip.
 BOOM!
 Another loud sound rang out, and the nine-section whip flew out as well before instantly disappearing. It was as if its spirituality had been destroyed. Ying Hongyue once again vomited blood and was sent flying. Her face was pale, but she still had a brilliant smile on her face. "I've also taken the second punch!"
 The Dali King looked at him coldly."Of the eight divine weapons, it's said that Li Hao destroyed the Zhang family's saber, the Hong family's hammer, and the Liu family's boots. Li Hao wields the starry sky sword, and the Wang family's shield is said to still be in heaven battling city ... So, in addition to the Zhou family's spear and the Zheng family's whip, you should also have the Zhao family's boxing gloves?"
 "Since the Zhao family's style is well-known ... Why don't you put on these gloves and Exchange a punch with me?"
 "How can the Crimson Moon be compared to His Majesty?"
 Ying Hongyue laughed, and the king of Dali laughed as well."This King wants to see ... If you're not willing, then everything before is useless! I'm even willing to let Li Hao's main body enter the Li Dynasty to compete with you!"
 Ying Hongyue couldn't help but laugh."Your Majesty, you're really ... Then ... Hongyue is overestimating herself. Please show mercy, Your Majesty!"
 After he said that, a pair of boxing gloves appeared in his hands.
 At this moment, a boxing glove appeared in the Dali king's hand. He smiled, and Ying Hongyue's expression changed slightly. She said softly, "It's said that this was left behind by celestial ruler BA ... I don't know if it's true or not, but there's no way to compare the Zhao family with celestial ruler BA."
 They were both gloves, but one was left behind by a venerable sovereign during the era of the nine emperors and four Emperors, while the other was left behind by the Zhao family. The Zhao family's ancestor was only a quasi-venerable sovereign, so there was still a big gap.
 "You'll know when you try!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the Dali King threw a punch. This punch completely changed the color of the sky and the surrounding black robes were a little nervous.
 At this moment, Ying Hongyue took a deep breath and also punched out!
 When this punch was thrown, a shadow even appeared on the Zhao family's boxing gloves and let out a loud roar. Not only that, but a red light also appeared on Ying Hongyue's body!
 BOOM!
 A deafening sound was heard. The Dali King paused for a moment, and Ying Hongyue flew backward. Her arm exploded instantly, and she was covered in blood. Her bones seemed to be broken one after another as she coughed out blood."The king of Dali ... Is indeed powerful!"
 The king of Dali's expression changed slightly.
  A punch, this was considered a full-force punch, but it actually didn't kill the other party.  This Ying Hongyue ... Was very powerful.
 However, according to the information he had gathered, Ying Hongyue's battle prowess was only at seven elements. It was true that everyone was improving, but ... It didn't make sense for her to improve so quickly.
 Li Hao represented the heavenly Dao, so what was this person?
 How could he also improve so quickly?
 Such strength was probably at the second or third level of the sun Moon realm, as Li Hao had said.
 He had at least 16 meridians of combat power?
 Why was it like this?
 He could not understand!
 Li Hao had said that Ying Hongyue couldn't be underestimated, but he didn 'T. He had set the agreement of three punches as a test and really wanted to kill her. In the end, her eight divine weapons had actually blocked his sure-kill punch!
 At this moment, he wanted to punch again.
 As for the promise of three punches ... Killing everyone present was naturally just a joke!
 Who would know that I broke my promise?
 To deal with someone like Ying Hongyue, it was better to kill her.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was about to punch again when Ying Hongyue's expression suddenly changed slightly. She said in a low voice,"Your Majesty ... Someone is coming. Three punches have been delivered. I'll take my leave first!"
 "You want to leave?"
 Just as the Dali King was about to make a move, his expression suddenly changed. He turned his head and saw an illusionary-faced expert in the distance. He appeared out of thin air and was looking in their direction.
 That person watched Ying Hongyue escape and said softly,"Ying Hongyue ... You're very bold, but I won't kill you. It's not worth it to kill you and break the seal. There's nothing to be afraid of."
 Ying Hongyue's voice came from a distance."My Lord, you misunderstand. I just don't want my Lord to have a conflict with His Majesty, the king of the Li Dynasty, for my sake!"
  As soon as he finished speaking, he completely disappeared.
 The Dali King also saw all the black-robed avatars. He was surprised and quickly rushed to the man and stopped beside him.
 ,m At this moment, he could guess who the person was.  "You're the leader of the ancient city?"
 "You can call me red dust," the mysterious man chuckled.
 "Red dust?"
 The king of Dali raised his eyebrows, and the shadow smiled. He glanced at Li Hao's clone and nodded slightly."This is interesting, but ... It's a pity that this clone doesn't seem to be very smart."
 He smiled and waved his hand.
 At this moment, the world seemed to be turning upside down.
 Even an expert like the Dali King, who had broken the limits of the world, looked grave and quickly retreated. Li Hao's clone, however, had no time to escape. Almost instantly, it exploded under the pressure of the world!

 The Dali King's expression changed slightly.
 "There's no need for him to bring a message to Li Hao,"the mysterious man said with a smile.
 The king of Dali did not care about this. Instead, he said in a deep voice,""What a strong control. Your strength is only around 12 meridians, but you can make me feel some pressure ..."
 "His cultivation level is slightly higher."
 The shadow laughed."After all, I've lived for a long time. The longer I live, the less talented I am. I can't enter the realm of venerable sovereigns, but I still have some control. In the new martial era, the human King and the blood Emperor selflessly passed down some of the combination techniques of Zhan Tiandi in the past to strengthen the control of the human race. As time passed, we more or less gained something."
 The king of Dali was still shocked.
 The power of 12 meridians, the peak of the first level of the sun Moon realm.
 However ... The explosive battle prowess could even reach around stage three.
 This was a neo martial artist?
 "If your clone is so powerful ... Why don't you deal with Li Hao yourself?"
  The mysterious man chuckled."The Li Dynasty King is stronger than my clone, but I can't take him down. After all, this is only a clone. If I really fall into Li Hao's hands, it doesn't matter if my identity is exposed. However, if he absorbs some secrets of the Heavenly King level ... That will be big trouble!"
 "Heavenly King!"
 The Dali King was slightly moved, but he was not surprised. It was said that some of the top cultivators were at the peak of the Saint realm. It was understandable that he had become a Heavenly King after so many years.
 "You're the head of the Zheng family from one of the eight main cities?"
 "Is the king of Dali very curious?"
 "Is it really that important who it is?" the mysterious man chuckled.
 "You're so sneaky!" The Dali King sneered."You still don't dare to show your face ... I can't help but worry about working with you!"
 "There's no need to worry about anything. "
 The shadow didn't care much."To put it bluntly ... What I care about is the master of the great Dao, the venerable sovereign, and the will of heaven, not ... The Dali King!"
 The Dali King's expression changed slightly.
 He was looking down on him!
 "This world is no longer our era. Even if we win, we might need a ruler, right?"
 "So, there's still a basis for cooperation," the mysterious man said with a smile.
 Then, he said softly,"the king of Dali has wasted a lot of time. To Li Hao, time is everything. Three days later, we will meet in the vast wilderness. It is difficult to leave the vast wilderness, and Li Hao's side can not enter easily ... We will meet there and start a meeting of the five parties. I hope that there will be a good result."
 "Three days?"
 "So fast?" the king of Dali frowned.
 "Three days, that's not fast,"
 "Any slower, any more delay, and there might be some changes," the mysterious man said softly.
 The king of Dali was still frowning, but at this moment, he thought about it and nodded."Alright," he said.
 "I hope that the king of li ... Won't get too close to Li Hao."
 The mysterious man continued,"even if you've guessed something, Li Hao is well aware of it. That's why he didn't exterminate everyone. However, if you drag this out for too long, you'll be asking a Tiger for its skin if you cooperate with Li Hao. Without our restrictions, perhaps ... The Li Dynasty would have been destroyed long ago!"
 The king of Dali was silent for a moment, but he did not deny it.
 The Li Dynasty was no match for Li Hao.
  Li Hao's reason for not killing them all was indeed related to these people.  It was just that everyone was using each other.
 "This King knows!"
 "Then I'll wait for you in the great wilderness!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the shadow disappeared, and the black-robed avatars also disappeared.
 When they disappeared, the Dali King frowned. He looked in the direction they disappeared and then turned back to look at the place where Ying Hongyue disappeared. He was a little annoyed.
 Ying Hongyue was very strong. Putting aside the fact that she wasn't able to kill him with three punches, he might still have held back. When Hong Chen appeared, it was actually Ying Hongyue who discovered him first.
 The other party was also extremely powerful.
 It was just a clone that had not broken the limits of the world. It only had the power of 12 meridians, but it had easily killed Li Hao's clone right under his nose.
 Damn it!
 The situation was getting out of control!
 "Three days later ..."
 The Dali King frowned and instantly disappeared.
 ……
 At this moment, Ying Hongyue was fleeing in the distance, and her expression was changing.
 That guy was very strong!
 His aura was not too strong, and his energy was not too strong either, but ... Before he had even arrived, he felt a wave of pressure descend, making him feel a little suffocated.
 Was this the power of a top-notch expert?
 Terrifying!
 As for the king of Dali, although he was also powerful, he lacked the suffocating pressure.
 "Can you tell? You have good eyes ... It's good that you can see it. I'm a little safer now. "
 Ying Hongyue thought in her heart. She could tell that the other party wouldn't kill her so easily.
 That way, the two sides would have some Foundation for cooperation.
  "Looks like I'll have to wait for a while. Once this person displays the battle prowess of 15 meridians, or even 18 meridians ... Then there'll be almost no one in the present world who can defeat him!"
 Originally, he wanted to play some tricks, but he suddenly chose to give up.
 I can't do it!
 At the very least, he couldn't act rashly when no one was able to restrain this person. Otherwise, he would have wanted to make some noise in the forbidden Sea. However, this person's appearance made him feel an indescribable pressure.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com ……
 At the same time.
 Li Hao had taken down the seventh base station.
 At this moment, he frowned and looked to the North.
 His clone had been shattered.
 Although he wasn't too strong, there was no need for the Dali King to kill his own avatar. To kill his own avatar under the Dali King's eyes, it was either Ying Hongyue's doing, or ... Something else had happened.

 In this world, there were not many people who could match the king of Dali.
 He, the Queen, Empress Dowager Shui Yun ... Apart from these people, there was also Ying Hongyue. The rest ... Unless it was a clone of a top-tier expert or the Dali King had entered the ruins.
 However, it would not be easy for him to sense that his clone had been destroyed after entering the ruins.
 So ... Outside the ruins!
 The Queen and Empress Dowager Shui Yun won't make a move. They're at the end of the North.
 In that case, if it wasn't Ying Hongyue who did it, then there must be a clone of a true top-notch expert who appeared. Perhaps ... He was even stronger than Zhang an?
 ,m Even Zhang an's avatar might not be able to kill his own avatar under the eyes of the Dali King.  Li Hao took a deep breath and said with a grave expression,""Complete the full coverage of the nine base stations immediately ... The remaining two must be taken down today!"
 These people were probably going to make some noise.
 The greatest possibility was to join forces.
  They needed a short negotiation to distribute the forces and benefits. They needed some time. They had to complete the attack on the ancient city before that and gain the initiative.
 At that time ... Even if the four countries were to join forces, they would dare to take a gamble!
 "Any news from Qian Wuliang?"
 "Governor, there is news that Qian Wuliang has entered the ancient city of Liu family ... They are negotiating and will get some results soon."
 He had entered the Liu family's ancient city?
 Li Hao took a deep breath."I see ... From now on, we're in a hurry. Complete the communication as soon as possible!"
 "Alright," he said.
 No one dared to delay and quickly searched for the eighth base station.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had a hint of anxiety in the depths of his eyes. The death of his clone represented many things. He hoped that it was caused by Ying Hongyue's actions and not the clone of an expert. Who else could the clone of an expert that walked out now be the one who betrayed the ancient city?
 For the other party to step out...It meant that the five parties would likely quickly come to an agreement.
 As for the simple verbal Alliance between him, the king of Dali, and the Empress Dowager shuiyun, wouldn't that be easily broken?
 As long as the other party gave him enough benefits, it was no big deal to tear up such a simple verbal agreement.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Qian Wuliang and the others walked out of the Liu family's ancient city. Qian Wuliang looked back and frowned for a second.
 He glanced at Yuan Shuo, and the latter shook his head.
 It wasn 't!
 Qian Wuliang heaved a sigh of relief.
 Soon, his communication Jade buzzed. After a while, he looked at Yuan Shuo and said,""The ancient city of the Zheng family ... Has been found."
 Yuan Shuo's expression changed slightly!
 Out of the three great ancient cities, this was the one that was most likely to betray them. Going there ... Would be a true death!
 They hadn't found the Hong family yet, but the Zheng family had.
 He frowned slightly and nodded after a long time.""Let's go and take a look!"
 Qian Wuliang also took a deep breath and nodded.""Then let's go and take a look ... Professor Yuan ... Can you wait for us to enter first, then ..."
 "No need!"  Yuan Shuo sneered,"do you think I'll be afraid?" I've excavated countless ruins in the past, what kind of danger have I not experienced?"
 Qian Wuliang stopped talking.
 It would only be easy to talk after Yuan Shuo went in.
 If he didn't go, he would be in great danger.
 The group of people did not waste any time and quickly rushed in another direction.
 Not long after, Yuan Shuo checked his communication Jade. After reading it, he quickly shattered it and said,""If you still can't find the ancient city of the Hong family ... Choose one of the two!"
 Qian Wuliang was shocked!
 So impatient?
 Obviously, it was most likely Li Hao.
 He didn't say much and just nodded slightly. He turned around and said in a low voice,""This side ... Can be an alternative!"
 "Yes."
 Yuan Shuo didn't say anything. The Liu family didn't mention anything about signing an agreement. They only had a simple chat and said that they wouldn't get involved in the dispute. As for the exchange agreement, the Liu family didn't agree to it. They only said that the city Lord had left and the city Lord seal couldn't be used.
 They were still polite ... But ... This was not the result they wanted.
 If the Zheng family was in danger ... Then the Liu family would be the first choice!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The group stopped talking and quickly left.
 Li Hao had specially sent a message to ask about the situation. Clearly, he couldn't wait any longer. Yuan Shuo knew this disciple of his very well. If he could stall for time, he would do it to the end.
 However, since they were not willing to wait any longer ... It meant that something had happened.
 He was also cursing in his heart. 'Give us some time. Why did you have to do this?'
 The ancient city was not easy to deal with.
 He could even feel the Liu family's demonic plant recovering!
 He was definitely a Saint!
 In addition, there might not be only one in the city. In heaven battling city, general Huai and the old turtle were both Saints. This Liu clan, perhaps ... Also had two?
 If that was the case ... He would not be easy to deal with.
 It was not that he was difficult to deal with. If Zhang an did not participate in the battle, he had no idea how Li Hao would deal with him. Meanwhile, Li Hao did not seem to have any intention of letting Zhang an participate in the battle. After his previous attempt to test the waters, Li Hao did not say a word about it. It was clear that he had already decided to take down the ancient city by himself.
  "F * ck, rather than that ... Why don't we ... Destroy the four countries first and let the second recovery begin. If these old guys come out together ... They might kill each other for a while before they care about us."
 Yuan Shuo thought to himself, but he was also worried that Li Hao would become the target of public criticism.
 Otherwise ... They could have just recovered for the second time. Those people might not have cared about them.
 At this moment, he glanced at the sky. Li Hao probably couldn't deal with two saints. If he could enter the bright star field, devour some of the power of the five elements great DAOs, and then use the five elements to feed his 36 great DAOs, perhaps ... He could open 36 meridians by force!
 However ... The risk was also extremely high.
 He didn't show it on his face. He followed Qian Wuliang and the others to the Zheng family's ancient city. If the Zheng family was a traitor, then he had to put on a good show.
 ……
 At the same time, the various parties who were still feeling frustrated received a message.
 Three days later, they would gather in the great wilderness!
 A five-party meeting!

 (I'm too tired, so I took a late afternoon nap.)
 The ninth base station.
 A monster plant had once again refused to negotiate and cooperate.
 This time, he didn't wait for the others to make a move.
 Li Hao's sword glowed as he pierced through the void. He disappeared in an instant and reappeared, piercing through the heart of life and breaking the main trunk with a single punch.
 He turned around and swung his sword again, splitting the void and cutting off the great Dao.
 The great Dao was broken!
 The other party didn't even have the time to beg for mercy.
 But before that, Li Hao would try to persuade him.
 Of the nine base stations, apart from Redwood base, three other bases chose to cooperate. Some surrendered after the battle, and Li Hao accepted them.
  However, Li Hao didn't give this person, the ninth, any time to think.
 Everyone's expression changed slightly.
 They could vaguely sense that Li Hao was a little impatient, even more so than before. He didn't want to waste too much time.
 Therefore, he directly killed the ninth monster plant.
 Hong Mu also did not say anything.
 The other three Yao plants who had surrendered also had their avatars here. They had wanted to persuade their old friend, but now, seeing that their old friend was killed in an instant ... They did not know whether they were feeling sad or frightened, but they did not say a word.
 "All nine base stations have been taken down!"
 Li Hao didn't care about the others. He put away the monster plant's corpse and turned to look at director Qi."Senior, can you make some adjustments?"
 Director Qi stepped forward. Behind him, a tall tower had already dimmed.
 He stepped forward to check and nodded.""The base stations are complete and can still be used. Now, what we need to do is to liberate the base stations. The remains have blocked the base station's signal."
 Director Qi did not care about that and quickly said,"Destroy all the ruins where the nine base stations are located ... The ruins 'existence was caused by the self-sealing of the world back then. Now, as long as the seal is broken and the base stations reappear in the world, the seal will be completely undone."
 "Alright!"
 Li Hao nodded. It was good that it was intact.
 "Everyone!" He looked at everyone."Send a message out and ask the people who are guarding the other places to break the seal together. Unseal all the base stations!"
 "Yes!"
 Very quickly, someone sent out a message.
 The nine base stations were not all located in the central region. There were four in the central region, and there were bases in all the other continents.
 There was even a base station in the sea.
 At this moment, Li Hao's group had broken through the one in the northern continent.
 After they left.
 Li Hao looked at the base station and fell into deep thought. He unsealed the base station and once again established communication across the entire Silver Moon continent.
  Block all communication with the other organizations in the country.  It cut off the basic communication between all parties, making them unable to complete communication.
 "Director Qi, can I cut off the communication system of all the military armors?" Li Hao suddenly asked.
 Director Qi furrowed his brows slightly.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After a moment, he said,"we can cut off their communication channels with the outside world, but the internal one ... It's considered a local area network. Within a certain area, we can still contact them."
 "How big ... Is this area?"
 "Within a hundred miles."
 Li Hao nodded. The range was not large. Before, the base station had not been destroyed, and the armors of the Army were actually a local area network, but the range was much larger. Communication could be done within a thousand miles.
 When it came to golden armor, it could even be expanded to thousands of miles.
 Now, their signal amplification was completely blocked, and the military armor could only maintain communication within a hundred miles.
 In this way ... The next step for the experts to complete the communication could only be by shouting.
 The roars of experts could sometimes travel more than a hundred miles and could transmit messages over a long distance.
 After mastering the sky screen system, completing the base station transformation, and blocking all non-official communication systems of heavenstar, even if the four countries cooperated, they could only cooperate based on their feelings.
 Li Hao thought and suddenly said,""Director Qi, if the signal isn't blocked, can the content of the transmission be altered?"
 Director Qi was slightly stunned and looked at Li Hao.
 Tampering?
 "If I don't tamper with it," Li Hao said,"can I listen to the surveillance?"
 "Monitor all internal communications, including those in the military ..." He said with some anticipation.
 Director Qi frowned and shook his head,"no!" At the very least ... It was impossible for now. The nine base stations did not have such an ability. If they did, the defensive capabilities of the nine base stations would not be like this, but even stronger! To be able to eavesdrop on the military's communications and even tamper with the military's messages ... Each base station must be guarded by at least a Sage. Furthermore, there might be more than one Sage. "
 If he could even do such a thing, how could his defense be so weak that he was not afraid of the enemy's attack?
 Li Hao's heart moved, and he nodded.
  Although it was a pity, he was not too dissatisfied.
 It would be fine if it could block all signals temporarily.
 As he spoke, Li Hao walked up to the giant tower. After observing it for a while, he rose into the air and tore the void apart with his sword. The demon plant that had lost its guard in the dusty ruins was now torn apart by Li Hao's sword. Suddenly, the sky seemed to be split.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The earth trembled.
 The base station in the North emerged from the ground with a loud rumble. A tower appeared out of thin air. It was dim and lightless. After being silent for many years, it appeared once again in the northern continent.
 At the same time, it was the same in other places.
 Base stations emerged from the ground.
 They were all very dim.
 Director Qi's voice came through."Use the starry sky sword to obtain Control Authority over the base station. Input sufficient energy and set a specific frequency through the prompt. From now on, you can only use this frequency for communication."

