fileno%d
 can be considered to have stepped into the peak of this era. It's not difficult to advance at the same level ... But entering the mid-stage is equivalent to entering the undying realm. This ... Requires a very high physical body!"
 He sighed."I'll try my best to raise you guys to the third level of Sun Moon tier, or even the peak of the third level. The fourth level ... It's really not easy. Let's see how lucky you are!"
 It was the truth, but it was also a lie.
 The truth was, it was really very difficult. It was equivalent to the transformation from the peak to the undying. The price he had to pay was too high and not worth it.
 The lie was that he was actually considering ... If he were to raise them to the 4th tier, there might be some unexpected surprises.
 Of course, there was no need to say these words.
 He knew, he knew that Li Hao had evil intentions!
 He even knew that Li Hao might have known about the Crimson Moon's power, and that Li Hao might have asked him to strengthen his people in order to deal with him and weaken him. However, that was the only choice he had now.
 Otherwise, Li Hao would come again, and he wouldn't be able to run away.
 And by accepting this job, he had a chance.
  He was passive!
 Since he couldn't leave this place and his location had been discovered by Li Hao, he could only passively wait ... He had to create some opportunities himself. No matter how weak Li Hao was, it was always right to make more preparations.
 He looked at them from the corner of his eyes, and a smile appeared in his eyes again.
 "Let's start then ... Before we start, I need some spring of life to protect your bodies ..."
 Yuan Shuo didn't say anything. Instead, he took out a storage ring and said,""There are 8000 drops of the spring of life in here. I don't know if it's enough. If not, I'll go back and get more ..."
 "It's enough for now!"
 Seeing him take out thousands of drops of the spring of life without even blinking, Yao earth realized that Li Hao's teacher was indeed extraordinary. He had a high status in Li Hao's camp.
 Even someone as strong as Zhao Shuguang could not produce 800 drops, much less 8000.
 This was even better!
 On the other side, Qian Wuliang looked envious. He was a little jealous, envious, and full of desire.
 The smile on Earth Shine's face became even more brilliant!
 Interesting!
 This person was more interesting than Zhao Shuguang.
 That kind of pure desire ... Was even purer than Zhao Shuguang's wariness and Yuan Shuo's wariness. He could see and see it clearly. This was also what made him special.
 Therefore, they looked at Qian Wuliang with even more joy.
 Qian Wuliang was also smiling brightly.
 He was also looking at this person.
 That greed, that desire ... His heart throbbed, but he quickly hid it all. This "senior" really likes me, and his greed is almost overflowing!
 It was a good thing!  Due to his strength, he was only at the level of rising light when he was captured by Li Hao, much weaker than the others.
 Even now, he was still one level lower than the others.
 If he could seize the opportunity this time ... To reach the third level of the sun Moon tier, or even the fourth level, then there would be a huge change in the star sky martial Manor.
 Qian Wuliang knew that many people hated him.
 But Li Hao wasn't too annoying.
 He needed her.
 This was enough!
 If his strength could keep up, there might be many differences.
 Therefore, at this moment, Qian Wuliang showed his desire, his greed, and his ambition to the fullest. He felt that he might have the same idea as the other party!
 The key now was whether the governor ... Could solve the problem.
 Li Hao didn't say, and he didn't ask.
 Since he dared to allow Yuan Shuo to enter, he would dare to do so as well. This was clearly not a deal to court death. Otherwise, Yuan Shuo wouldn't have done so even if the others had already entered.
 Previously, he had gone to the ancient city with Yuan Shuo, and this time, he had gone with Yuan Shuo as well ... He was well aware of one thing: if he followed Yuan Shuo, he would definitely not suffer a great loss. Li Hao might cheat everyone, but he would never cheat Yuan Shuo.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com ? Di Yao did not say anything more."Let's start then. I don't know much about the new Dao. I can only follow your request and open my apertures, meridians, and body ... If the energy goes out of control, I can't do anything ... If there's a high requirement for the realm, I can't do anything either."
 He could improve, but if the new Dao's requirements were too high, he could not do anything.
 Yuan Shuo said in a deep voice,"senior, just do what you need to do. There's no problem with cultivation. At least, it doesn't matter to us. We are all pure martial masters. Our force is very strong, and force is our cultivation realm!"
 Di Yao nodded, he had an idea.
 This batch of powerful martial masters ... Might be the last.
  If the new Dao continued and attribute-less Dao meridians were promoted, in the future ... They might no longer be powerful. And powerful martial masters had a much higher innate Foundation than others.
 On the other hand, Qian Wuliang was a bit nervous. He didn't have any influence, so he didn't know if there would be any problems.
 And all of this was sensed by the other party.
 The few of them actually knew that in front of a strong person, it was best not to think about such things. Otherwise, it would be easy for others to sense it. However, they also knew that as long as they covered it up well, the other party would not be able to sense it.
 The earth brilliance stopped talking and waved his hand. Energy surged out from the ruins.
 "Sit down and circulate your cultivation technique!"
 The three of them quickly sat cross-legged and circulated their cultivation techniques. They were all using the same Qi breaking technique.
 Everyone had a different level of aperture opening.
 Director Zhao had opened the most apertures and meridians, reaching the 2nd stage of the sun Moon realm. This time, he wanted to enter the 4th stage.
 Yuan Shuo had barely stepped into the second level of the sun Moon realm. This was all thanks to him expelling the red shadow's power, absorbing some energy, and opening a few acupuncture points. Previously, he was only at the peak of the first level of the sun Moon realm.

 Qian Wuliang was even more miserable.
 He had barely managed to open 10 meridians. It looked like he was only a few Dao meridians away from the rest, but in reality, it was extremely difficult for him to improve.
 The current world was more lenient towards the local xiuzhe.
 Li Hao had opened more than 20 meridians. He was a local cultivator with a connate Tao body, so his limit was actually higher. It would not be a problem for these people to advance to the fourth level of the sun Moon tier. The key was that it would be very, very difficult.
 On the other hand, the neo martial cultivators were stricter, which led to the limit of neo martial. They were not as good as these people, but no one could reach that level.
 The light of earth didn't say much. It gathered a large amount of energy and seeped it into their bodies.
 This kind of promotion often required a person to be extremely trusted.
 Otherwise, he would have been able to see through his body's condition.
 At this time, diyao was also helping them to open their apertures while studying. The more he studied, the more surprised he was. These people had innate Dao meridians ... He knew about the superpower lock, but no one had thought that the superpower lock would be a Dao Meridian.
 He had to admit that he was amazed by the ability to turn the superpower lock into a Dao Meridian!
  What a good idea!
 Just as he was thinking about this, the rich energy entered Qian Wuliang's body and he quickly opened an aperture.
 In the blink of an eye, Qian Wuliang lit up an aperture.
 Following that, the other two also started to open their apertures.
 The light of earth continuously compressed the energy into their bodies. Not only that, it also used its strong mental power to stabilize their physical bodies. It even released some of its own life force into their bodies.
 With that, the powerful life force of a Saint could strengthen their physical bodies.
 The apertures opened one by one.
 Qian Wuliang was the weakest, but he improved the fastest.
 Not long after, he opened a Dao Meridian and entered the 11th Meridian.
 As for Yuan Shuo, he had yet to reach the stage of opening a Meridian.
 The brilliant Earth continuously merged with the spring of life. Life force and special energy were even mixed with a faint red color. It was extremely weak, but as the red energy merged, the three of them did not feel anything.
 However, he had a few more thoughts in his mind.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo's only thought was to absorb more, open more apertures, open more meridians, and strengthen himself infinitely.
 What director Zhao was thinking was that after merging with his clone, he might be able to step into the fifth stage of the sun Moon realm. To do so, he would need to open at least 22 meridians.
 As for Li Hao, how many meridians had he opened?
 Previously, Li Hao had said that he had opened 24 meridians, which meant that he was only at the peak of the fifth level of Sun Moon realm.
 All kinds of thoughts appeared in their minds. They were all real thoughts and not forced by others. However, these thoughts appeared involuntarily when they were cultivating, which seemed a little unusual.
 On the other hand, there was a smile in the eyes of the earth brilliance.
 ……
 At the same time.
 Outside, the other seven people arrived one after another.
 Sky sword, earth-covered sword, hou Xiaochen, Kong Jie, Huang Yu, Chen Zhongtian, and Lin Hongyu.
 These people were both strong and weak.
  At this moment, the weakest one was probably Kong Jie.  As one of the four silver Moon guardians, he was the weakest of the group. Furthermore, he was not the first to head to stellarsky city, and unlike Huang Yu, he could lead troops.
 Therefore, after a few times, the gap between him and the others had widened.
 The others were all around 12 meridians, at the peak of the first stage of the sun Moon realm.
 He, on the other hand, had barely reached the strength of 10 meridians.
 At this moment, he was a little nervous and excited.
 Hearing Li Hao say that he could help others improve themselves, he couldn't help but say,""Then ... Then ... How about I give my chance to someone else? BA Dao, Northern fist, they're all here ..."
 Although he said that, he was praying in his heart, don't do this!
 He wanted such an opportunity.
 If he missed this opportunity, it would be very difficult to have another one.
 Li Hao laughed."Director Kong has been in charge of Silver Moon for many years. Silver moon's Inspection Office has always played a role. Silver moon's prosperity and peace are all thanks to director Kong!" Moreover ... I was also a member of the inspection Division some time ago!"
 Kong Jie grinned and felt a little happy.
 This was the benefit!
 This could be considered Li Hao's reward.
 Past contributions!
 The credit he had for overseeing Silver Moon did not allow the organization to fall into chaos. Even though the inspector's office had many unsolvable cases back then, Silver Moon had at least maintained many years of peace, and the three major organizations did not dare to act recklessly.
 This time, all four guardians of Silver Moon were present. It was indeed a reward for Li Hao.
 Otherwise, Kong Jie wouldn't have been able to get one of the 10 spots. There were many others who were stronger than him and had better relationships with him.
 As for Chen Zhongtian, Qian Wuliang, and Lin Hongyu, they were also considered rewards.
 Return the favor!
 "Wait for a while. Wait for the person to come out and see the situation. If there's nothing else, you can go in."
 The few of them didn't say anything as they waited.
 Time slowly passed, and the sky darkened. The first day had passed, and a full day had passed since Li Hao's clone was destroyed.
  Although Li Hao didn't know about the three-day agreement, he knew that he didn't have enough time.
 A day had passed, and he was also slightly impatient.
 But he didn't show it.
 After about two to three hours, the three of them came out.
 At this moment, the three of them were also in a daze.
 Compared to before, the strength of the three of them had undergone a huge change.
 In the distance, in the dark, Zhang an frowned slightly.
 There was nothing special about the three of them, but ... He still felt a little disgusted.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As for Tian Jian and the others, they didn't sense anything.
 Li Hao had a weak perception. The power of the Crimson Moon seeped into their bodies, but they didn't change much. Even director Zhao, who was smiling brightly, said,""Governor, this time ... You've improved quite a bit!"

 It was better than he had expected. Furthermore, he was not completely infiltrated by the Crimson Moon's power as he had imagined.
 He even suspected that the earth glory might not have infiltrated him.
 Yuan Shuo, too, sent a voice transmission to Li Hao.""It doesn't seem to be affected, and I don't feel any interference ... Did he not use the Crimson Moon's power to interfere with us?"
 Li Hao sighed in his heart. What an obscure power!
 That's right, didn't I feel the same way before?
 After being invaded by venerable sovereigns, he felt that he was not affected. Whether he was affected or not, he would only know a thing or two after entering the bright star realm.
 The strength of the three of them had increased by quite a bit.
 At this moment, director Zhao had officially stepped into the fourth stage of the sun Moon tier. He had opened 19 meridians and was the one with the greatest improvement among them. Originally, he had only opened 14 meridians, but now he had opened 5 more!
 It was unbelievable!
 The power of a Saint was beyond imagination.
  Then, it was not Yuan Shuo, but Qian Wuliang. Qian Wuliang managed to step into the third stage of Sun Moon realm and opened 16 meridians. This meant that he had opened 6 meridians this time, which was more than director Zhao.
 The last one was Yuan Shuo, who had also stepped into the third stage of Sun Moon tier and opened 17 meridians.
 Yuan Shuo, on the other hand, had already opened 13 meridians previously, but he had only opened 4 now.
 It was less than the other two.
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. He vaguely knew why this was happening. He glanced at Qian Wuliang, who had a pair of burning eyes that seemed to be filled with excitement and ecstasy.
 "Good ... Very good!"
 Li Hao also sighed,"they've all reached the third level of the sun Moon realm, and director Zhao has even reached the fourth level. The fourth level of the sun Moon realm is comparable to the early stage of immortal realm!" Other than the few of us who are blessed by the heavens, perhaps ... Director Zhao will be the first to step into this realm!"
 And this was before he had fused with his clone.
 After the fusion, the other party ... Might really have a chance of stepping into the fifth level of Sun Moon.
 As for Li Hao, he had absorbed a lot of power of great DAOs, but he didn't use them to open his meridians. Instead, he opened the aperture acupoints in 360 meridians. He had opened a lot, so the number of meridians he opened didn't increase.
 Up until now, Li Hao still had 24 opened meridians and was at the peak of the fifth stage of the sun Moon realm. He had maintained the number of openings in his 36 meridians at 250.
 Of course, he had actually opened more than 300 apertures. He had opened many apertures in other Dao meridians, but he had not opened all of them.
 As soon as he said that, the others 'eyes turned red.
 They were at least at the third stage of the sun Moon realm?
 This ... His improvement was too fast!
 Li Hao made a judgment in his heart. Perhaps there was a limit to the earth glory. These people could only drive it to the third level of the sun Moon tier at most. Other than director Zhao, he wouldn't let anyone else drive it to the fourth level of the sun Moon tier.
 Even so ... It was enough!
 "The others, go in!" Li Hao laughed.  ? Then, he handed a storage ring to Hong Yitang.""Here are 20000 drops of the spring of life ... As for the benefits that I promised senior earth glory, I'll pay him after everyone is done upgrading so that senior doesn't have to worry that I'll go back on my word!"
 The few of them didn't say much. At this moment, they all impatiently walked in.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao just watched in silence.
 "Then I'll go in and introduce them," director Zhao said.
 "Alright," he said.
 Director Zhao followed him in.
 Li Hao didn't say a word. Zhang an's voice sounded in his ear again,""Ask your master and Qian Wuliang to go in as well ... I don't feel comfortable with them here, and I have something to tell you."
 "Teacher, Wuliang, you two go in and take a look ..." Li Hao raised his eyebrows and nodded.
 The two of them looked at each other and didn't say anything. They followed him into the ruins.
 As soon as they left, Zhang an appeared in an instant. He was a little solemn as he transmitted his voice,""When these people came out, they were very inappropriate! Li Hao, you're playing with fire, do you know that? These few people ... Might be possessed by that person in another way!"
 He was very solemn!
 Li Hao had crossed the line!
 If this went on, the people from the Crimson Moon world would invade the stellarsky governor's office. This was very dangerous.
 "Senior, don't worry. I know what I'm doing,"
 Zhang an frowned and did not continue.
 However, he knew that Li Hao insisted on this because he had gained a lot. The three of them had improved so much in the blink of an eye. If they had relied on themselves, it would have taken months or years!
 That diyao was also willing to pay a huge price.
  They were All Saints. Even if the other party had a physical body, Zhang an knew that the price to pay to improve them was definitely not small. It might even consume some of the essence of the saintly way.
 This time, due to the large number of people, the duration was longer.
 Outside, Li Hao, director Zhou, director Wang, and Zhang an were all waiting in silence.
 Director Wang didn't really care. He had opened many meridians and his speed was really fast. Now that he was about to step into the 4th stage of the sun Moon realm, he wasn't in a hurry. However, director Zhou felt a little regretful.
 He didn't have a new human body anymore. He used to be very strong. Back when everyone hadn't discovered the Dao Meridian, he could already match six or even seven Sacred Arts.
 However, up until now ... He was probably only at the ninth level of the mountain sea realm or the first level of the sun Moon realm.
 Even though he was not weak compared to the others.
 However, today, these 10 people would all surpass him.
 For a moment, he thought about giving up the Golden body and replacing it with his original physical body. However, he thought about how a powerful being, who could be considered his master, had even burned himself in order to obtain this golden body ... He didn't want to replace it.
 He sighed in his heart, but didn't show it.

 Perhaps ... There was no need to pursue unparalleled combat power.
 However, as a golden body powerhouse in the earlier years, his combat strength had always been at the peak. How could he really not care about it now?
 Back then, he had thought that Li Hao and the others were so weak.
 Other than old Zhao, none of the four silver Moon guardians could be compared to him.
 While he was thinking about this, Li Hao suddenly said,""Director Zhou, if we can take down the ancient city this time, you guys will be rich!"
 Director Zhou's heart moved.
 Li Hao smiled brightly and transmitted his voice."There are many experts in the ancient city. There are many monster plants and imperishable substances ... Once we take down the ancient city, director Zhou might be able to step into the undying realm instantly. He might become an existence at the fourth level of the sun Moon realm or even higher!"
 Director Zhou's heart moved. He looked at Li Hao. Li Hao was really good at reading people.
 He had only thought about it, but he had already guessed what he was thinking.
 "Then I'll wait for the governor's good news!"
  Li Hao chuckled, nodded, and didn't say anything else.
 ……
 This time, they waited for a few more hours. When the sky started to light up, everyone walked out one after another. They were all very excited and excited.
 At this moment, Kong Jie was the most excited. She couldn't suppress her excitement and was fanatical,""I ... I actually opened 6 Dao meridians in one go. I've opened 16 meridians. I'm ... At the third stage of the sun Moon realm!"
 Heavens!
 It was simply unbelievable!
 Of the 10 people, apart from director Zhao who had reached the 4th tier, the other nine were just as Li Hao had guessed. They were only at the 3rd tier of the sun Moon tier, ranging from 16 to 18 meridians.
 All of a sudden, there was one 4th tier and nine 3rd tier.
 The change in Kong Jie's state was obvious. At this moment, she was fanatical, excited, and even excited.
 These days, he was under a lot of pressure.
 But now, he was suddenly at ease and even in the mood to joke with Li Hao."Now, if that guy from Southern Fist dares to talk to me again, I'll kill him with one punch!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Third layer of the sun Moon realm!" He laughed a little arrogantly.
 Li Hao also smiled and glanced at the crowd. These people did not seem to be possessed or controlled. Instead, they each had their own performance. They did not seem much different from before, except that they were more active.
 He knew what was going on and smiled."Be careful. There might be some aftereffects ..."
 "Director Wang, please wait for me here ..."
 After a moment of hesitation, he transmitted his voice to director Wang,"No matter what happens, don't worry about it. If anything happens, just take director Zhou and leave."
 "Senior ... Let's go in and meet this person." He looked at Zhang an.
 Zhang an nodded, but before he could say anything, Li Hao said,""Senior, you just need to hold the line for me. You don't need to do anything."
 "What?"
 Zhang an was stunned!
 Hold the line?
 That was a Saint, a perfect saint. If one didn't have the battle prowess of the seventh or ninth level of the sun Moon tier, one would definitely die if they encountered the other party!
  And this was still in the beginning, while the other party was only at the initial stage of the Saint realm.  You're ... Really bold, really arrogant!
 Li Hao smiled."It's just a friendly match. Don't worry. I know what I'm doing."
 "Li Hao ..."
 "Senior, let's go together."
 Zhang an frowned and didn't say anything else.
 ……
 In the ruins of Yushan Town.
 When Li Hao stepped in, the current diyao's breathing was a little disordered. He smiled."Governor li is here!"
 After saying that, he looked at Zhang an. There was a faint fear in his eyes, but it quickly turned into a smile."Greetings, director Zhang!"
 "You're not from the eight main cities?"Zhang an looked at him and frowned slightly.
 "No, he's just a rogue cultivator," Di Yao chuckled.
 "The director is of a high position, so he probably doesn't know me. I was just a nobody in the past ..."
 "A minor character at the level of a Saint?"
 "Even in the origin world, Saints aren't small characters. You're too modest!" Zhang an coldly said.
 At this moment, Li Hao opened his mouth with a bright smile."Thank you for your help, senior. You've actually helped everyone activate so many Dao meridians. According to our previous agreement, I owe you hundreds of millions of divine power stones and tens of thousands of drops of spring of life."
 "There's no rush. If you're short on money, it doesn't matter if it's a little later ..."
 Earth glory seemed to be very easy to talk to.
 Li Hao laughed and said,"that won't do!" Since I owe you money, I'll definitely pay you back. I, Li Hao, never go back on my word, but ... I have a small request. I wonder if senior can agree to it?"
 "Governor, please speak."
 A sword appeared in Li Hao's hand. He smiled and said,""I like to challenge some powerhouses. If senior earth glory is willing to spar with me, I will naturally give you the divine power stones and the spring of life that I owe you after the battle."
 Di Yao looked at him in surprise. He then looked at Zhang an and saw that Zhang an acquiesced. For a moment, he was a little dazed and even wanted to laugh.
  Li Hao ... Does he think that he is invincible?
 Who was he?
 He was a Saint!
 Furthermore, he was a recovered Saint, not the incomplete version. Even if he had used up a lot of energy, he was still a Saint.
 According to the division of those people, he couldn't be bothered to deal with anyone who didn't have the battle prowess of the ninth level of the sun Moon tier.
 Although Li Hao was stronger than those people ... He was still trash in his eyes.
 He wants to spar with me?
 Earth Shine laughed!
 Of course, he knew that if he really wanted to kill Li Hao, Zhang an would definitely do it. But ... Why did he want to kill Li Hao?
 Li Hao had come to him personally. Moreover, he had thought that it would be troublesome to corrupt Li Hao because Zhang an was here. But ... If Li Hao were to spar with him, wouldn't he have a chance?

 "Governor ... You must be joking."
 Li Hao said seriously,"no, I'm serious!" I want to see the power of a Saint because I want to attack a main city. The other side must have a Saint. It's rare to see a good person like senior, so I want to spar with senior and see the power of a Saint!"
 Only then did diyao know that the other party was serious.
 "Sparring ... Is fine too!" He smiled.
 After he finished speaking, he looked at Zhang an and chuckled.""Director Zhang, if you accidentally hurt Governor li ... You won't mind, right?"
 Zhang an slightly frowned and looked at Li Hao.
 Li Hao took a deep breath."Of course I won't interfere. Senior Zhang is only responsible for one thing ... If I'm about to die, just pull me out of senior earth glory's hands ... Other than that, senior Zhang doesn't need to do anything!"
 Zhang an wanted to say something but stopped.
 This time, he really couldn't hold it in any longer. It didn't matter if other people were possessed, but Li Hao was the core of the entire military governor's office. He ...
 "Senior, please!"
  Li Hao flew out without waiting for Zhang an's reply.
 Zhang an took a deep breath and gave up on saying anything else. Li Hao wasn't a fool. He should understand. Maybe ... He had a way to deal with it.
 The next moment, Li Hao attacked!
 This strike was exactly the same as the one in the void!
 On his body, acupuncture points were faintly lit up.
 The divine runes gathered and the sword instantly slashed out. It was quite powerful!
 Diyao didn't care at first, but now he became serious."The sword venerable's inheritance ... Is not ordinary. Governor li is indeed talented!"
 After saying that, he disappeared without using any weapons.
 Li Hao thrust his sword forward, and the void shattered. However, the brilliance of the earth had already appeared behind him.
 Li Hao turned around and threw a punch, but the light of the earth disappeared again.
 He swung his sword back and shattered the void, but the glory of earth disappeared without a trace. A voice rang out,""The governor is very powerful. It shouldn't be difficult for him to deal with some of the late-stage immortal realm experts. But ... Peak immortal realm experts will probably be difficult for him."
 This was Li Hao's true battle strength.
 He didn't mention the Saint, there was still a huge gap.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao didn't speak. Suddenly, his blood surged, and the next moment, the character "Dao" flew out of Zhang an's body. Then, Li Hao growled and forcibly opened a few apertures. His combat strength instantly increased.
 The sword slashed out, and the void shattered.
 A fierce tiger seemed to be choosing people to devour!
 BOOM!
 At this moment, diyao also made his move. He threw a punch at Li Hao's back. Li Hao turned into an ape and tried to Dodge, but he couldn 't. With a bang, he was hit again.
 His back split open instantly, and blood spurted out.
 A wave of power seeped in from behind and disappeared in an instant.  In the distance, Zhang an's expression changed slightly.
 Li Hao staggered and spat out a mouthful of blood. He turned around and said in shock,""So fast!"
 Was this the speed of a Saint?
 At their level, their speed ... Had almost reached the limit, to the point where they could tear space apart.
 "It's not fast ... It's the speed of your reaction. Your Shi is very strong but also very weak. To a Sage ... It's equivalent to stagnating your mental energy. Your reaction can't keep up with me ..." Di Yao chuckled.
 He was like a teacher, affable and kind, and gave warm pointers.""If you want to deal with a Sage, you have to at least keep up with my reaction!"
 After he finished speaking, he disappeared in an instant and threw a punch.
 Li Hao also disappeared instantly. In an instant, sword radiance flickered and countless sword radiances were slashed out. The sword radiances were extremely powerful, but they didn't hit the other party even once.
 Bang! Bang!
 With another loud sound, a fist mark appeared on Li Hao's chest. A red light flashed, and Li Hao spat out blood. He said seriously,""I can't keep up ..."
 "It's alright. There's still hope for you to catch up after a few more times of adaptation."
 Di Yao laughed."Your attack power is actually not weak. With the disappearance of the great Dao of origin, the difference between Saints and undying is not that big. You can do it a few more times."
 After saying that, he attacked again.
 This time, there were countless fist prints.
 Li Hao didn't care about anything else. He focused on dealing with the attack. His eyes flickered, and he activated his special sword eye. He instantly disappeared, and with a bang, the fist brushed past his face, splitting it open.
 "Eh ... Sword eye ..."
 Di Yao's voice reverberated."Not bad, not bad. You managed to avoid it. You should fight with Saints more and train yourself. As a heaven's favorite, you should fight above your level."
 After saying that, he attacked again and again. Li Hao could only Dodge, and his counterattacks were all wasted and useless.
 BOOM!
  One punch after another, his opponent left fist marks on Li Hao's body.
 With a loud bang, Li Hao's chest was directly torn apart.
 He fell heavily to the ground.
 Blood was constantly spurting out of his mouth. He was panting heavily. The other party had been playing around, but ... His strength was still shocking. He was no match for him at all. Although the other party had a physical body, he had never lacked energy.
 But ... It was still stronger than he had expected.
 He had expected that even if he couldn't defeat his opponent, he would at least be able to injure him. In the end, he didn 't. Up until now, he hadn't even touched his opponent. This was somewhat unbelievable. He could catch his opponent's figure, but he couldn't keep up with him every time.
 What a terrifying guy, what a terrifying Saint!
 Li Hao took a deep breath and spat out a mouthful of blood. He panted and said,""Senior ... I'm going out to recuperate for a while. Later ... I hope senior can continue to give me some pointers ..."
 "I can heal my injuries here ..." Di Yao raised his eyebrows.
 "I'm devouring too much energy. There's not enough energy here. "

 Diyao didn't say much. He just smiled and nodded.
 Li Hao glanced at Zhang an."Senior Zhang, please wait here for a moment. I'll be right back."
 Zhang an frowned and nodded.
 ……
 Li Hao quickly walked out of the relic and disappeared.
 In the bright star sector.
 Sure enough, as soon as he entered, the bright star sector trembled. In an instant, the power of countless great DAOs swept over, and Thunderbolts washed over Li Hao. With a rumble, Li Hao's skin and flesh were split open!
 Waves of red power were instantly shot out.
 Li Hao endured the pain and didn't pay attention to it. Instead, he was thinking about how to keep up with the other party.
 Li Hao knew that the other party had been seeping the power of the Crimson Moon into his body, but he didn't care. This was a good thing.
  At this moment, he was more concerned about the fact that he had failed to do anything at the very least against a Sage. He could not react in time, so even if he had sufficient combat power, he would not be able to attack the other party.
 "There are thousands of great DAOs ... Is there nothing that can increase one's reaction speed? Or ... Can I only use force?"
 Force and spiritual power could both increase one's reaction speed.
 However, these two were also very difficult to improve.
 As he thought about it, he quickly devoured the remaining power of the great Dao. 360 Dao meridians appeared in his body, and each of his aperture acupoints was quickly ignited. He still had 24 Dao meridians. This way, he could restrict the great Dao of heaven and earth and his combat power.
 On the other Dao meridians, one aperture point after another was lit up instantly.
 According to Li Hao's plan, he had to light up at least one aperture point in each of the other 324 Dao meridians. In addition to his own 250 apertures, he needed to open 574 apertures in order to meet the basic requirements and complete the most basic big circulation!
 It formed a sword Dao divine ability.
 ,m At this moment, Li Hao had already opened more than 300 apertures, but there was still a long way to go before he could open 574.  "I have to continuously absorb the Crimson Moon's power ... I'm only afraid that the other party will react or think that it's enough and won't let me penetrate it ..."
 That would be a loss!
 Countless thoughts emerged in his mind. After opening about 340 apertures, Li Hao walked out of the bright star sector.
 ……
 The remains of Yushan Town.
 Li Hao appeared in high spirits. However, diyao frowned slightly, but his brows quickly relaxed."The governor ... Seems to have become stronger."
 "Thank you for your guidance, senior," Li Hao said with a smile."I've also just cultivated and opened a few more apertures ..."
 Earth glory nodded slightly."Do you want to continue?"
 "Of course!"
 With that, Li Hao attacked again. This time, he used all his strength and slashed out with his sword. This time, it was even more dazzling. The sword light flickered. He was no longer attacking, but mainly defending.
 Di Yao was a little surprised. He smiled and became more serious.
 The next moment, Li Hao was hit again. With a bang, his skin and flesh split open. On the other hand, dazzling Earth's expression became more serious. This guy ... His physical resistance had become stronger.
 Perhaps, he would need more of the Crimson Moon's power to penetrate it.
 In addition ... Why ... Do I feel like I've lost contact with the Crimson Moon?
 He was a little puzzled.
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly activated the power of his bloodline. A dazzling sword intent burst out and tore apart some of the power of the Crimson Moon. He instantly understood the earth illumination.
 The bloodline of the eight great families!  Li family bloodline!
 Sure enough, the bloodline power of the sword venerable, or the power of the sword way, had destroyed some of the power of the red moon. No wonder he couldn't sense it. This time, he thought of Ying Hongyue. This person had also destroyed a lot of the power of the red moon through the bloodline of the eight great families.
 He could only be more ruthless to Li Hao and inject more power into him to suppress the power of his bloodline.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Thinking of this, he increased his speed.
 Bang Bang Bang!
 At this moment, the two figures kept clashing in the air. Li Hao was constantly injured, but he became more and more courageous as the battle progressed. He was even a little crazy, as if he didn't care about his life.
 He didn't want to think about anything else. At this moment, his only goal was ... To hurt his opponent.
 Yes, only injure the other party.
 If one time didn't work, then ten times, a hundred times, a thousand times ...
 He didn't even care about the passage of time!
 BOOM!
 With a loud sound, Li Hao's head was smashed. After crazily vomiting blood for a while, he coughed and said,"senior ... Please wait for me for a while. I'll go ... Recuperate for a while!"
 "Governor, do you still want to continue?" Di Yao raised his eyebrows slightly.
 "Right!"
 Di Yao frowned. After a long time, he nodded."Alright," he said.
 Li Hao, on the other hand ... Felt like he was stuck to her like glue. He felt that the Crimson Moon Power he had absorbed should be enough.
 Therefore, it was meaningless to continue sparring.
 However, Li Hao insisted, and Zhang an was watching them from the side, so he didn't say anything.
 Li Hao disappeared again.
 ……
 In the bright star sector, lightning struck again.
 Li Hao trembled violently. Wisps of red energy were struck out, swept up by thousands of rays, and shattered. Li Hao took the opportunity to devour them.
 His aperture acupoints opened up again.
 360,370,390 ...
 The number of opened meridians remained at 24.
  However, the number of apertures was increasing.
 Li Hao didn't leave the bright star sector until he reached 400 and entered the relic again.
 ……
 Following that, this scene was maintained many times.
 Outside, the others were dumbfounded. Only Yuan Shuo knew what Li Hao was doing and was worried for him.
 After so many times, did the other party still not realize that the Crimson Moon Power he had infiltrated had disappeared?
 ……
 In fact, earth glory had vaguely discovered something.
 He frowned.
 He discovered that there wasn't much power of the Crimson Moon in Li Hao's body. Strangely, he had already seeped in a lot of it. In the past, this amount of power was enough to make even a Saint lose his composure.

 But Li Hao ... Didn 't!
 Why?
 Frowning, he punched Li Hao again, and another wave of energy seeped into his body. Li Hao knew that he might have aroused the suspicion of the other party. At this moment, the starry sky sword suddenly burst out with a brilliant force. With a boom, it destroyed the Crimson Moon's force.
 Li Hao was a little reluctant, while earthly shine was slightly stunned. Was it because of the starry sky sword?
 The starry sky sword had completely destroyed his Crimson Moon Power?
 If that was the case ... This ... Would be troublesome!
 He was having a headache. Affecting Li Hao had consumed too much of his power. The power of the Crimson Moon was actually similar to Origin Energy. Now that Origin Energy couldn't be penetrated, the same was true for the power of the Crimson Moon. Once it was used up, it would be very difficult to recover.
 He could recover a little, because ... There was still a venerable sovereign in this world.
 However, it might not be worth it to consume too much energy just to affect Li Hao.
 The strange thing was that Li Hao was getting stronger and stronger, and his physical defense was getting more and more terrifying.
  At this moment, with a crash, his sleeve was torn.
 Di Yao frowned slightly. From the beginning, he couldn't touch him. Now, he could touch him. And now, he even tore his sleeve. This was a terrifying improvement.
 He became much more serious. With a low growl, he turned his fist into a palm. This time, he directly split the starry sky sword with one palm and clawed at Li Hao's head. The power of the Crimson Moon directly penetrated Li Hao's head.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Li Hao!"
 Zhang an shouted in a low voice. Li Hao also gritted his teeth and said,""I'm fine!"
 With that, a powerful force erupted from his body, and he slashed his sword at his palm!
 Diyao stepped back again. Looking at the five bloody holes on Li Hao's head, he raised his eyebrows and smiled. "You're getting stronger and stronger. It's getting a little hard for me to stop. Do I need to recuperate?"
 "No need, continue!"
 Li Hao shook his head. This time, he had to absorb more. Otherwise, who knew if this guy would be willing to continue.
 He didn't dare to let it hang and immediately controlled himself completely. Zhang an was here, so he would definitely restrain himself.
 The battle continued. Li Hao didn't even go out to recuperate. Instead, he stayed where he was, crazily devouring the spring of life and opening his apertures. At this moment, diyao vaguely knew what this guy was doing. He was opening other apertures but not his meridians.
 What a strange guy, what a strange choice!
 Even if he opened 100 of these acupuncture points, it might not be as effective as opening a few blood vessels.
 Wasn't this a futile effort?
 Fortunately, he discovered that the Crimson Moon's power had already accumulated in Li Hao's body. Otherwise, he suspected that Li Hao would have completely expelled it.
 As for Li Hao, he had consumed countless springs of life, all of which were provided by the monster plants. He had consumed a large amount of them, and the number of apertures he had kept increasing.
 It was just that it didn't open faster than the power of a great Dao.
 450,500 ...
 In the end, the spring of life was used up and the earth glory was getting impatient.
 He was really impatient!
 This Li Hao ... He's endless!
 BOOM!
 After sending Li Hao flying with another punch, Li Hao's expression had changed. There was greed, coldness, and disgust in his eyes.
 Earth glory's heart moved, he couldn't penetrate any further.
 ,m Any more penetration ... And Li Hao would lose control.  The Crimson Moon's power had accumulated too much.
 In his body, more than half of this special energy had been consumed. He cursed in his heart. It was much more difficult to infiltrate this guy than to infiltrate a Saint. Was the Li family very impressive?
 At this moment, Li Hao also vaguely sensed the change in himself. He looked at the man greedily, loathed him, and wanted to kill him.
 Li Hao also knew that he had reached his limit.
 However ... Up until now, he had not been able to hurt his opponent.
 Injuring the other party was a true transformation.
 "Senior ... I've used up all the spring water of life. I'll go out for a while ... And then we'll have the last match ... What do you think?"
 Di Yao heaved a sigh of relief. Finally, it was the last match.
  "Sure!" He nodded.  It was finally over!
 He'd rather fight Zhang an than continue fighting with this guy. He was too annoying.
 ……
 Li Hao disappeared.
 This time, it directly entered the bright star sector, and an extremely thick bolt of lightning startled Li Hao.
 BOOM!
 Bang! Li Hao's flesh and blood were sent flying. It seemed that he had brought too much power of the Crimson Moon this time. The universe of the great path was a little angry. Bang! Bang! Bang! Countless different Thunderbolts hit Li Hao, causing him to emit a bloody power.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was devouring them crazily.
 510,520 ...
 As long as he opened 574 apertures, 360 of them would form a big circulation!
 Li Hao continued to absorb energy.
 After a long time, with a boom, the 574th acupuncture point was opened. At this moment, 360 attribute-less Dao meridians appeared. At the same time, the shape of a sword appeared in Li Hao's body!
 At that moment, a piece of divine text slowly appeared.
 It slowly condensed, a little slow.
 It formed an illusory 'sword' character.
 When this divine text was formed, the bright star sector suddenly trembled violently. A large sword suddenly flew out of the attribute-less region, repelling all attribute-less energy. Hong long long, the heaven and earth were overturned!
 A sword will appeared in the universe of the great path.
 At this moment, some experts who cultivated sword principle felt something different!
 An extremely powerful sword intent emerged from Li Hao's body!
 Beside him, the starry sky sword trembled violently!
 He seemed to be jumping for joy!
 As for Li Hao himself, his physical body began to transform. Waves of white energy swept over from the bright star sector and covered him, as if he was about to form a cocoon.
 Li Hao's eyes were filled with joy.
 This ... Was a sword Dao sacred art!
 It was only the first round of the sword Dao Divine Art. Logically speaking, there were still nine more rounds, and the last round should be the complete sword Dao Divine Art. However, this first round ... Actually had a feeling of transformation.
 This change was even greater than opening the physical body Dao.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Inside his body, there seemed to be an earth-shaking change.
 In the Dao universe, the sword Dao area instantly repelled the other areas and even surpassed the five elements area. The other divine runes in Li Hao's body, including the divine runes of the word "Dao," seemed to be avoiding him.
 Li Hao was ecstatic!
 This ... Was unbelievable!
 The next moment, he roared, and his 360 acupuncture points formed a sword. The divine text of the word "sword" appeared in an extremely illusory manner and instantly merged into the starry sky sword. BOOM!
  He slashed out with his sword!
 In the universe of the great path, there was a loud rumble. The sword even broke countless stars in front of it. Li Hao was so scared that he hurriedly pulled back his strength to avoid killing his comrade by mistake.
 At this moment, Li Hao was ecstatic.
 His strength had increased by a lot.
 He even felt that it wasn't any worse than when he opened 36 meridians. Perhaps it was an illusion ... But he was really much stronger.
 "Diyao ... I'll use you to test my sword!"
 Li Hao laughed and instantly disappeared from the bright star sector. A Saint ... He would test his sword on a Saint!
 He did not expect that he would meet a good person like diyao, even though he was ready to break his body and open his meridians by force. This was too delightful!
 In order to thank him ... He had to let him see what a sword Dao Divine Art was.
 [PS: I want to finish writing it. Forget it, tomorrow. It's almost 14000 words.]

 The remains of Yushan Town.
 Li Hao entered again.
 This time, when they entered, earthly light's expression changed. He glanced at Li Hao and frowned.
 The intense Crimson Moon Power from before seemed to have disappeared again.
 Why was it like this?
 Even the starry sky sword and the Li family bloodline could eliminate the effects, so it couldn't be destroyed in an instant.
 His expression changed.
 Looking at Li Hao and then at Zhang an, he felt that something was wrong.
 At this moment, Li Hao was smiling."Senior ... This is the last match. After the match, I'll give you all the benefits I promised you."
 He walked towards the earth glory.
  It had to be said that the brilliance of the earth ... Was really a good person. Without him, Li Hao could only take a great risk to open those Dao meridians.
 But now ... He might not need to take such a big risk.
 This was a Saint.
 Li Hao failed to hurt his opponent many times, which gave Li Hao great pressure and a great blow.
 At this moment, he wanted to try and see if he could hurt the other party.
 As for killing him ... Li Hao wasn't confident.
 A Saint, and a Saint with a physical body at that, wasn't easy to kill.
 The starry sky sword in his hand trembled slightly.
 Di Yao's expression changed. He said softly,"it seems like ... Governor li has become stronger again. This is unbelievable. After a battle, even if he had a breakthrough at the last minute ... He didn't improve as much as you did."
 "Many thanks for senior's help!"
 "Senior, come on!" Li Hao said with a smile.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After saying that, he tore the world apart with his sword!
 The sword light shot out in all directions!
 The surroundings instantly turned into chaos.
 Diyao's expression changed slightly and he disappeared again. However, this time, the speed of the sword light was too fast. With a crack, diyao swung his hand and his sleeve was instantly torn apart. He was a little surprised and threw a punch.
 The chaos was broken, but the sword light came again. Ten thousand sword lights covered his body.
 "Tie!" Diyao shouted.
 BOOM!
 A light shield seemed to have appeared in front of him and collided with the countless sword rays, shattering one after another.
 Li Hao suddenly closed his eyes.
 When he opened his eyes again, the sword light was shining in his eyes. At this moment, the brilliant Earth in his eyes was no longer a person, but countless energy clusters. There were strong areas and weak areas.
 The sword eye!
 He didn't play any more tricks. He only attacked at the weak points. At this moment, he knew why the sword venerable didn't leave any traces. It was because the sword venerable didn't use any specific sword moves.
 Instead ... They focused on their weaknesses!
 The sword was drawn!
 Silence!
 With a crack, the sword pierced through the light shield, and the other party disappeared in an instant. Li Hao saw it, but his reaction was still a bit slow. Li Hao instantly turned his head, and with a bang, he heard an explosion.
  The void exploded!  The spatial crack cut Li Hao's ears, but at this moment, Li Hao smiled.
 He sensed it!
 Yes, his reaction speed seemed to be a little slow, but now, he could sense the trajectory of the other party's movements.
 Bang! Bang!
 With another loud noise, Li Hao tilted his head again and dodged the punch.
 "Eh?"
 Diyao was a little surprised that he had been dodged. Although Li Hao's reaction speed was still a little slow, he seemed to have some signs of prediction.
 He instantly punched out countless times, turning the void into chaos.
 Li Hao didn't Dodge all the time. The starry sky sword revolved around him and he kept defending. One punch after another, Li Hao stopped attacking and defended himself!
 Yes, defense.
 At this moment, Li Hao was using a sword technique, earth overturning sword.
 They defended in all directions.
 He remained silent, his eyes scanning his surroundings. He knew that his reaction speed and mental strength were slightly inferior to his opponent 's, so ... He could only wait. Wait until he determined where his opponent would appear next, and then unleash his sword attack.
 At that time, he might be killed!
 Bang Bang Bang!
 The starry sky sword kept shaking from a saint's attack. Li Hao's mouth was also bleeding, but it wasn't as serious as before. The dazzling sword light kept circling in all directions, blocking the saint's fist.
 Its defensive power was much stronger than before.
 At this moment, diyao could only feel that Li Hao was stronger than before. However, Li Hao was still delusional to think that he could deal with a Saint like him. The other party couldn't hit him at all.
 Even if he could, he would only brush past.
 He was just amazed at how tough this guy was, and ... The Crimson Moon's power seemed to have really dissipated. What was going on?
 One punch after another.
 Li Hao had been beaten up from the beginning to the end. Even though he was defending, he was getting more and more injured.
 ……
 Not far away.
 Zhang an looked on silently, frowning slightly.
 Li Hao was actually much stronger than before.
  Although he still felt like he was at the fifth level of the sun Moon tier and the number of opened meridians had not changed, Li Hao's combat power had been at best at the middle-late stage of the immortal realm at the beginning. However, Li Hao was now able to continuously defend against a saint's killing moves.
 Such progress ... Was beyond his imagination.
 At this moment, unless Li Hao encountered a Saint or an undying, no one could easily deal with him.
 It would be very soon!
 He couldn't help but think back to the first time he had met Li Hao. It had been difficult for these people to deal with even a seven-elemental god art expert. Back then, even a powerful six-elemental god art expert at the sixth layer of the mountain sea realm could take Li Hao down, let alone a seven-elemental god art.
 How long has it been?
 He had gone from the sixth level of the mountain sea realm to the fifth level of the sun Moon realm. However, his battle prowess had already surpassed the sixth level of the sun Moon realm, and had even surpassed the seventh level.
 It was unbelievable!
 Of course, Zhang an knew that Saints were more powerful than Li Hao had imagined. The glory of earth in front of him had not gone all out. It had been holding back to defend itself.
 The earth glory should be in the early stage of the Saint realm.

 However, with the existence of a physical body, he had not experienced a period of weakness. Such Saints were not like the sun god or the Prophet, who were all very weak.
 He was not like Zhang an, who only had spiritual power and no physical body.
 Zhang an was confident that he could kill the other party ... However, it would take some time, and he might even have to pay a small price. If he had a physical body, it would not be difficult to kill such a Saint.
 With a physical body, he was a quasi-Heavenly King. Without a physical body, he didn't have much energy and was only at the early to early stages of the Saint realm.
 In addition, with the disappearance of the origin, some of the abilities of the great Dao of origin could not be used, which further narrowed the gap between them.
 "It's already very good. "
 Zhang an thought to himself,"if Li Hao were to encounter an unconscious Saint in his current state, he might not be able to win, but at least he wouldn't be in so much danger. He might be able to save his life."
 Of course, killing a Saint ... Was as difficult as ascending to the heavens!
 He watched as Li Hao focused on defense, as if he wanted to exhaust his opponent to death.
 However, Zhang an felt that it was not appropriate.
  In a battle of attrition between the strong and the weak ... The weak would definitely not be able to outlast the strong.
 However, Zhang an also thought that this was already not bad. Did he really expect Li Hao to defeat his opponent?
 He laughed at the thought.
 To fight above one's level, at this level, who wasn't a genius?
 Between geniuses, jumping realms to battle ... Was as difficult as ascending to the heavens.
 Moreover, Li Hao was only at the fifth level of the sun Moon tier. Saints were no longer considered Sun Moon tier. After reaching the sun Moon tier, Li Hao would have all 36 meridians opened, and perhaps he could truly fight against a Saint.
 ……
 Bang Bang Bang!
 One punch after another, so fast that he couldn't see clearly.
 Li Hao could only defend.
 There was no anxiety in his eyes, only solemness. Divine light flickered as he observed the trajectory of his opponent's attacks again and again.
 Everyone had their own set of logic when they made a move.
 Fixed logic.
 Perhaps it might seem like a bold and imaginative move, but in the end, the other party would repeat this logic.
 Li Hao had read many files during his year at the inspection Office.
 He had seen many cases and many murderers. Whether it was an impulsive murder, a murder out of passion, a premeditated murder ... In the end, there was actually a fixed logic. It might take a long time to cycle, but in the end, almost all of them would turn from an irregular cycle into an orderly one.
 Countless thoughts appeared in Li Hao's mind.
 At this moment, he had already exchanged blows with his opponent many times. He thought to himself and recalled all of his opponent's moves. The next moment, his gaze fell on the left side and he silently said in his heart,""Here!"
 BOOM!
 Sure enough, at this moment, a punch broke through the void. Li Hao didn't Dodge, but drew his sword to defend.
 He turned his gaze to another place."Here!"
 Bang! Bang!  The void exploded again.
 Li Hao staggered. He had been hit, but he smiled. As long as he didn't change the logic of his attack, the other party would follow the previous logic and continue.
 Each repetition would take a long time before the other party could complete a repetition.
 Saints were impossible to figure out.
 But ... Who said it was impossible to figure out?
 He was used to that kind of fighting style. It was not easy to change it after countless years.
 At this moment, Li Hao stopped looking. Instead, he continued to defend according to his own logic.
 One move, ten moves, a hundred moves ...
 He had been beaten black and blue!
 As for dazzling earth, he didn't dare to kill Li Hao rashly. He only felt that Li Hao's defensive ability was much stronger than before. He became a little serious. This guy ... No wonder he was one of the leaders of this era.
 He still had some skills.
 Although he didn't use his full strength, Li Hao shouldn't have been able to hold on much longer.
 He was a little impatient.
 In fact, Li Hao couldn't hurt him. The biggest difference between him and his opponent was that Li Hao couldn't catch him. Even if he was strong, it was useless. When the weak fought against the strong, the most important thing was still reaction speed.
 This was Li Hao's natural flaw.
 At this moment, Li Hao began to restrain his power and accumulate it. The acupuncture points on his body were ignited one by one, and they became more and more brilliant.
 Di Yao's tone was still gentle."Governor, you are indeed a prodigy of this generation. It's just that ... You've used up a lot of energy. Why don't you stop here?"
 He still maintained the image of a master beyond the world.
 He had a carefree appearance.
 You can't beat me, you can't hit me, even if you're storing your power ... What's the use of hitting air?
 Explosive power was not everything.
  At this level, it was useless to have strong explosive power.
 "Unless it's really possible to kill me with just the aftershock, otherwise ... No matter how strong the explosive force is, it's useless if it can't hit the enemy.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao didn't say anything. He quickly ignited his acupuncture points.
 The aura on his body was getting stronger and stronger.
 At this moment, even earthly light's expression turned grave. He was even considering whether he should ... Think of a way to kill Li Hao instantly. This man was a great threat. Judging from his appearance, he was definitely not weak.
 At this moment, Li Hao lit up all the acupuncture points on his body.
 A sword-shaped Dao Meridian cycle formed in his body.
 In an instant, the starry sky sword exuded an extremely powerful aura.
 Not far away, even Zhang an's expression changed. He quickly looked over and prepared to attack. Li Hao was about to unleash his power. There was a high chance that he would not hit the enemy, but he would definitely be weakened. Be careful not to be killed by the light of earth.
 When he thought that, dazzling earth was also slightly moved. Following his usual train of thought, he took a step back and disappeared. Was Li Hao going to explode?

 Just avoid it!
 At this moment, Li Hao suddenly roared. His aura exploded, and his sword intent soared to the extreme. He slashed at the empty space!
 He had been waiting for this sword for a long time!
 If the light of the earth dodged or did not appear here according to the established logic ... He would have exhausted all his power in this sword attack. Then, there was no doubt that he would have lost this battle in a mess!
 Li Hao's eyes were cold. If it had to be here, it had to be here. The brilliance of the earth would definitely appear here!
 Definitely!
 Heaven and earth seemed to have been cut open by this sword!
 At this moment, Li Hao seemed to have become a Sword Saint. His sword was silent, but extremely fierce. The sword fell from the sky, and Zhang an was stunned. He had hit the wrong person!
 He had killed in the wrong direction!
 In the next second, his face revealed a shocked expression.
  It wasn't just him. At this moment, Brilliant Earth had just appeared from the void when his expression suddenly changed. He was in disbelief. He didn't even know where he would appear in the next second, and he wouldn't deliberately follow a fixed move.
 How did Li Hao know?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Foretelling the future?
 How was that possible?
 The Prophet God among the gods?
 This thought appeared in his mind. At this moment, there was only one sword in front of him, an extremely powerful sword that was slashing toward him. It was too late to change his location.
 He couldn't care less. Li Hao's sword suddenly hit the place where he had appeared. He was shocked.
 The next moment, he roared and punched out!
 BOOM!
 The sword fell!
 Everything happened in an instant. The sword radiance exploded and destroyed everything in front of it. Li Hao's energy was used up, and he fell down. With a bang, the long sword directly shattered the opponent's fist.
 Diyao's expression changed drastically, and an even more powerful force erupted from his body. However, he was caught by Li Hao's full-strength sword attack. Even if he was a Saint with a strong body and strength, he still couldn't react in time.
 Bang Bang Bang!
 The sound of explosions rang out continuously as the two fists were crushed and energy exploded.
 At this moment, it was as if a great universe was pressing down. Bang Bang Bang, his arms spread out and the sword light shattered everything along his arms. Diyao roared,"Break!"
 BOOM!
 A powerful red blood Moon Power erupted from his body. Hong long long, it collided with the sword light. Crack ... It was as if the void was shattered.
 At this moment, the earth glory was also extremely shocked.
 It wasn't li Hao's strength. No matter how strong Li Hao was, he was at most a Saint. What shocked him was ... Did Li Hao hit him by accident or by some other means?
 Why didn't he show it before?
 There was a loud boom!  Half of his body was blown up. Di Yao was covered in blood and his face was pale. He roared again and his power gushed out. Boom, boom, all the sword lights were destroyed!
 At this moment, his aura was extremely weak.
 There was still some shock in his eyes, but he sneered. The next moment, his half-crippled body disappeared and charged at Li Hao.
 He knew ... He had always known that Li Hao's sparring with Zhang an was just to confuse him.
 He wanted to kill him!
 However, he didn't expect that ... At the last moment, he would be hit by Li Hao's sword. This was much worse than he had expected, but if Li Hao wanted to kill a Saint at his peak with this sword ... It was impossible!
 At this moment, Zhang an also appeared in an instant, and his eyes were also filled with shock.
 Li Hao didn't manage to kill Yao earth, but he managed to cut a saint's body into pieces. This ... Was unbelievable. If Li Hao could make another attack, he might really be able to kill a Saint.
 This was too unbelievable!
 "Suppress!"
 "Die!" Zhang an shouted in anger. The broken book of Dao reappeared as if it was going to suppress the heaven and earth. The void was frozen, and the brilliance of the earth was fixed in place.
 Not far away, Li Hao landed heavily on the ground with a loud bang, causing the ground to shake.
 At this moment, he was not nervous at all.
 He just stared at the earth glory and slashed with all his might. Intentionally or unintentionally, the power of this sword slashed at the other party's body. However ... It couldn't kill a Saint.
 He had only seriously injured the other party.
 This could only mean one thing ... The difference in strength and vitality was not a problem with Li Hao in any other aspect. It was not a problem with his reaction speed. It was just that his real attack power was not enough.
 His all-out sword attack and his sword Dao Divine Art had just been formed, but it had only shattered half of his opponent's body.
 Although Li Hao had expected this, he was still disappointed.
 Saints ... Were truly too powerful.
 Even if he used the second strike, he might not be able to kill the other party. He would need three strikes.
  Yes, at least three.
 Two swords destroyed the opponent's physical body and one sword destroyed the opponent's mind power. As for the great Dao of origins, even if it did exist, the opponent's mind power and physical body would be destroyed, and the origin would be isolated. It would not be broken and would not have the power to fight back.
 "Three strikes ..."
 Li Hao thought to himself. If he used all his strength, he could slash out once. For the second slash, he could break his Dao Meridian by force and pour in energy instantly. Before his body was shattered, he could still slash out a second time.
 But what about the third sword?
 It would take at least three strikes to kill a Saint.
 He quickly thought that perhaps the Saints of the ancient city were not as strong as the glory of the earth. The Guardian monster plant might have just been revived and might not be as strong as the glory of the earth. It could kill the other party with two or even one sword.
 However ... To be on the safe side, he had to strike three times to ensure that he could kill a Saint.
 He didn't even go to watch the battle between Zhang an and earth glory.
 If Zhang an couldn't even take down a broken Saint ... Then Zhang an's future Heavenly King would be too weak.

