fileno%d
s overjoyed. This way, the problem was solved.
 "From what you're saying ... You want to make martial arts universal and spread it across the world?" hei Teng asked.
 Li Hao nodded,"that's right!" No matter how strong or weak, it would strengthen the body! Extend life and reduce diseases! "If you know martial arts, you'll have more strength to work, you won't get sick, and you won't bring down a family ... If everyone knows martial arts, then martial arts and transcendents are no longer special cases. Only then can everyone be equal!"
 "There are strong and weak martial artists ... However, everyone knows martial arts. There are strong and weak ones, but there is no hierarchy! Once the boundary between mortals and transcendents is broken, everyone can become an expert, and everyone has the hope of becoming an expert ... Only then will the future be bright, and the monopoly can be broken!"
 Li Hao said seriously,"I've been studying neo martial arts recently. Why hasn't there been a huge difference in class in the late stage of neo martial arts? Because ... Everyone had a chance! Be it commoners or venerable sovereigns, young people from every family had hope ... Hope to become strong. Martial science universities were spread all over the world. If one had good grades, they could enter, cultivate, and become strong! "This is the key core of neo martial arts. I admire this very much. On the side of neo martial arts, the existence of martial science universities actually gives everyone an equal opportunity. The person who created martial science universities is the true human King!"
 “……”
 Black armor was dazed for a moment. He looked at Li Hao with a complicated expression.
 Director Wang couldn't hold it in anymore."That ... Martial science universities ... It was uncle-master's grandfather, Supreme martial artist Zhang, who promoted the world. At first, martial science universities didn't exist. Later, Supreme martial artist Zhang became the Minister of Education and promoted the world. Thus, there was a Foundation for the rise of civilians ..."
 "Be it the human King, the venerable sovereign of heaven battling city, or the venerable blood Emperor, they were all commoners who graduated from martial arts universities ..."
 Li Hao's face was solemn, Supreme martial artist Zhang? Amazing! I also hope that in this era, someone can help me, help this era, help this world to establish the Dao of literature! Establish the Dao of the heavens and earth, establish the Dao of all ages!"
  "Seniors, who can help me, the world, and the common people to establish this great Dao?"
 “……”
 Silence.
 Everyone's expression changed. It was as if neo martial arts had promoted martial arts to the world, spread martial arts universities all over the world, passed down education to the world, and broken the hierarchy ...
 In the crowd, Hong Yitang's expression changed again and again.
 Li Hao's ambition was too great!
 He could set up an educational institution, set up a school, and promote education. He was doing all of these, and he was doing all of them.
 But Li Hao wanted more than that.
 He wanted to be Supreme martial artist Zhang of this era!
 Who could compare?
 To open the path of peace for all generations!
 To lay the foundation for Silver Moon, to create a new era, to pave the way for the future ...
 On the side, hei Teng's expression changed.
 That was his grandfather!
 The human King respected him!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com And today, the guy with the most potential in the new era was also saying that he wanted such a Supreme Being. He also wanted such a person to create a new Dao with him and create a new era!
 Who could?
 He was very satisfied that a person like this, who had never seen his grandfather before, held him in such high regard, but ... At this moment, he was also thinking, who could be on par with his grandfather?
 At this moment, Hong Yitang raised his head and said softly,""I can't stand shoulder to shoulder with the new martial artist, Supreme Zhang. I'm willing to take on the heavy responsibility of preaching to the world, weakening the influence of the classes, and for the new era ... Cut off some thorns!"
 On the side, Yuan Shuo's expression changed. He suddenly sighed and said,""I'm also willing to take on this important task. I'll compile martial arts teaching materials, promote new martial arts, and set up a martial Arts Research Institute. From now on ... I'll no longer be in the martial world!"
 A sigh, a sigh, and a sigh.
 The martial world ... Was gone.
 However, this was his disciple.  This was their era, their heaven and earth, their world.
 Li Hao laughed."No, teacher. The martial world is in your heart. It's in this world. I've said it before. As long as you can see it, there's no place where you can't see it!" What we see and what we do are all martial artists, martial artists! Everyone ... This era is too ignorant, too foolish, too backward ... Isn't it good for us to turn it into the martial world?"
 In the next moment, everyone's spirits were lifted as they shouted,""May martial arts prosper, may the pugilistic world live on, and may the times ... Be bright!"
 We are creating an era!
 Let's take on this heavy responsibility together!
 At this moment, everyone seemed to have transformed. They were people of the martial world. The world was the martial world. As far as their strength could reach, they promoted education, martial arts, technology, and the leap in the level of life.
 Yes, martial arts, not just martial arts.
 If everyone was a transcendent, then the world would undergo earth-shaking changes. Power would no longer be monopolized. Everyone would be transcendent, and the hierarchy would be completely broken!
 ……
 At this moment, the monster plants, Black Panthers, director Wang, and even hei Teng were all in a daze.
 The light is always there!
 The new era might only begin to shine at this moment.
 And these people were the ones who led the new era to bloom.
 Demonic sword Li Hao, King of five birds Yuan Shuo, earth-crushing sword Hong Yitang, Heavenly Sword, tyrannical blade, Northern fist, light sword, sickly ghost, man-eating devil ...
 Hei Teng looked on silently. His heart that had been extinguished and his blood that had been cooled down gradually began to heat up.
 I've never dared to say that I want to be the second grandfather.
 Today, here, and now, a group of weak and ignorant people said that they might not dare to stand shoulder to shoulder with him, but they would do it. They would preach to the world and ride horses in the pugilistic world.
 Grandpa ... Is this ... The heart of the strong that you always talk about?
 Strength did not necessarily lie in strength.
 A strong heart was also strong!
 At this moment, black armor's mind was filled with thoughts. He suddenly said in a low voice,""I used to teach at a martial arts university. If there's anything you don't understand or don't know, you can come and ask me! "My students also know some. There's no neo martial art, but the Dao and the heart are still there!"
 Li Hao was stunned and turned to look at him. Zhang an, however, smiled and disappeared."I'm going to practice!"
  He had disappeared.
 Director Wang was also struggling. Suddenly, he said,""I couldn't catch up with the era of new martial arts and the rise of the human King ... Li Hao, I want to change my body. I want to ... Participate in this era!"
 Li Hao looked at him, and director Wang said seriously,""I'm a neo martial artist and that can't be changed, but ... Neo martial artists are not evil people. I want to participate in this era. Neo martial artists, in any era, will fight for a chance!"
 Martial Dao must fight!
 The opportunity is right in front of me, and I want to fight for it.
 Li Hao smiled! After a long time, he nodded! But ... I need to think about it. A new body might need to be reborn, and its strength will be greatly weakened ..."
 "It doesn't matter!"
 Director Wang grinned. His smile was as bright as a chrysanthemum!
 "I, a neo martial artist, want to join this era and embrace the new era!
 [PS: it's been four months since the release of the book. It's exactly 300 chapters and 2.9 million words. A new era ... The Eagle is here!]

 (There will be an update today on Saturday, mainly because I have something to do tonight.)
 For the time being, he had determined the current cultivation system, the basic cultivation method, the air breaking technique, the path he should take, and the goal he should do.
 At this moment, Li Hao's group finally had a backbone, a goal, and a belief to pursue.
 Silver Moon was their underworld.
 To make the pugilistic world more energetic, brighter, and prosperous.
 And this Silver Moon ... Was the Silver Moon world.
 The pugilistic world's dream should be realized in this world and not in Silver moon's territory.
 Perfecting the other systems was not something that could be done in a day.
 It was only now that everyone came back to their senses. A long time had passed.
 "Have we entered 1731?" Hong Yitang suddenly asked."Has the martial arts Academy started?"
  At this moment, the entire place suddenly fell silent.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com From the passion just now to the awkwardness at this moment.
 It seemed ... Like it.
 Not only that, but everyone had important matters to attend to. As a result, they had stayed here for many days and had forgotten that they had duties outside.
 "Is city Lord Lin here?"
 "Maybe?"
 “……”
 Everyone looked at each other, feeling a little awkward.
 He had forgotten all this.
 Li Hao also laughed."Then let's go out. There's no rush. The perfection of the cultivation system can't be done overnight. We've only just begun to master it. We can slowly figure it out when we're strong."
 "Also," he added,"everyone, including me, must cultivate this system!"
 Li Hao's voice became a little more serious."Everything is just an inference at the moment. It's feasible in theory, and the model is also possible. However ... There may still be some errors and some adjustments need to be made. As pioneers, we still have to make thorough improvements, including the construction of the other small cycles as teacher said ... It's only beautiful when all flowers bloom! "In my opinion, all secret techniques actually have the hope of completing their own circulation system. There's no need to copy it, as everyone's situation is different ... I hope that in the future, many martial arts academies will appear in Silver Moon. I hope that everyone can become the creators of a certain faction ..."
 Assimilation would make one stronger.
 It was a mechanical way of getting stronger.  However, if he did that, he would lose the "Hundred Flowers bloom" of Silver Moon martial forest.
 36 meridians did not necessarily have to be the same.
 It could be changed, maybe the function would be different.
 Li Hao continued,"also, you can try to combine elemental and non-elemental Dao meridians, or one with an element with 35 non-elemental Dao meridians ... There are thousands of paths. We are only promoting the simplest, most direct, and easiest one to cultivate ... But you are all Ronin of this era. You can still do whatever you want."
 "As long as you don't court death, then court death!"
 “……”
 As soon as he said that, everyone burst into laughter.
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at Black Panther and suddenly laughed,""Humans have human connections, and demons have demon veins. The great Dao does not distinguish between humans and demons. When the heavens and earth First gave birth to consciousness, I think ... Heaven's will is not human either, and will not favor humans! You're also a Martial Master dog, so it's hard to communicate with you. However, you can also find it yourself. The theory is universal, understand?"
 Black Panther nodded urgently.
 The Martial Master dog was probably the first monster in the Silvermoon world to have learned the knowledge of the human race and was proficient in martial arts.
 Li Hao then looked at the monster plants around him.""Seniors, there's no need to learn from us. You're the powerhouses of the neo martial era. I don't think neo martial ... Will be destroyed so easily. Right now, we're limited to the Silvermoon world. You may find it difficult to sense the great Dao of the origin, but a great Dao universe won't be destroyed so easily. "
 "The newborn bright star sector probably squeezed out the original universe ... Or they co-exist, but are isolated."
 "Seniors, you can continue to walk the new martial path to strengthen your physical body and mind. Now that your origin has been extinguished, it doesn't mean that you have no way out. If you continue, when the Stargate opens, perhaps all of you will instantly come into contact with the origin and break through again! It's very difficult for monster plants to improve. If they change to a new body now, it'll be more of a loss than gain. "
  As soon as he said this, the monster plants that had been tempted before were all slightly stunned.
 "Governor li, do you mean that ... Monster plants can't cultivate by opening their Dao meridians like you?" the Emperor Guard's voice came.
 Li Hao shook his head,"maybe, but ... It's not worth it!" "The Stargate will open sooner or later. Of course, I might die early. I can't guarantee that the Stargate will open if I'm alive! It doesn't matter if it's to send the seniors back to their hometowns or to their fallen leaves returning to their roots ... I will do it. "
 "Perhaps ... It won't take many years. At that time, if we were to return to the new martial arts, then the Dao of the bright star field and the origin Dao might not be too different. In such a short time, seniors can change their Dao, but for the monster plants, it's extremely not worth it to cultivate once every hundred or thousand years!"
 The few monster plants thought about it and agreed with this logic.
 Once the Stargate could be opened again, the origin Dao could enter the Silver Moon again or leave the Silver Moon ... If he were to lower his strength and reforge his body like director Wang, it would not be as good as it was now.
 Li Hao's words were true.
 Of course, the monster plants were also thinking, are you worried that we are weak and no one will provide you with the spring of life?
 These guys have been drinking the spring of life like water recently.
 Although the existence of the bright star field meant that the spring of life would no longer be a condition for the strong to advance if they cultivated according to the new method, having it could speed up their cultivation. It was not a necessary condition, and it did not mean that the spring of life was useless.

 However, at this moment, the monster plants did not mention this.
 Li Hao might have a point.
 If he continued to cultivate and strengthen his body and mind, once they came into contact with the origin again, they might be able to accumulate and advance greatly on the origin Dao in an instant.
 At this moment, director Wang couldn't help but say,""As a neo martial artist, I'm not sure if neo martial really exists ... You ... Are so sure?"
 Li Hao felt that he was even more confident than the neo martial artists themselves!
 He said that there was a high chance that neo martial was still there.
 Why?
 Li Hao laughed,"because ... I feel that those who have walked through the thorns will not be easily knocked down!" No matter what era, no matter what era, as long as they did not forget their original intentions, they would not be destroyed. Even if they lost their physical body, their spirit would still be there! As long as there are humans, neo martial will still exist. "
 Director Wang was stunned.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, deep in the mine vein, Zhang an was also stunned.
  The person who walked through the thorns ...
 Yeah.
 Which of the people like the human King didn't walk through thorns?
 One step at a time, one step at a time, how many difficulties had he broken through, how many dangers had he encountered, from nothing to something, he had created a new era, and continued the glory of thousands of years!
 Would they ... Really die?
 And these new martial artists actually didn't have more confidence in them than Li Hao.
 Li Hao didn't say anything.
 He only felt that he had survived so many hardships. From what the new martial artists said, even in the later stages, the human King and the Supreme martial artist had not changed. They had remained the same.
 How could such a group of people be defeated so easily?
 Destroyed just like that?
 How was that possible?
 Perhaps there was a strong enemy, or perhaps there were other reasons, but as long as they were alive, such a group of people would not be easily defeated.
 He felt the same way.
 He felt that his experience was far less than that group of people, but even now, he could feel that he was a thousand times stronger and tougher than when he was in the Silver City.
 His heart was getting stronger!
 Difficulties, enemies, the unknown, fear, none of them could defeat me!
 If even I'm like this, then how could those people ... Be defeated?
 If they were really defeated, then it could only be said that the enemy was too powerful, so powerful that they didn't even have a chance and were instantly annihilated. But if that was the case ... Then there was no need to say anything.
 But was that possible?
 Li Hao felt that the Silver Moon world had been separated from the main world for a long time. If it hadn't been separated before, it meant that it was still within the range of neo martial, which meant that neo martial still existed.
 He had managed to survive for so many years, so it would not be over so easily.
 At this moment, director Wang was thinking about all of this. He did not feel that his choice was wrong. He was still a neo martial artist, but he chose to embrace this new era. Even if he became stronger, he was still a neo martial artist.
 Just because their paths were different didn't mean that they had to cut off their feelings and identities.  ……
 Li Hao consoled the existences of the new martial era for a while.
 These days of cultivation had made him more tolerant and understanding of the existence of the neo martial era. In other words, he had some recognition.
 Different eras, different races.
 However, he could seek common ground while reserving his differences.
 It was impossible to destroy all the worlds in the vast universe.
 Furthermore, neo martial and silver Moon were essentially inheritances. Even if silver Moon became independent, they could still be allies or develop in two unrelated civilizations.
 It was also because of this that Li Hao chose to comfort these monster plants.
 If it was before this ... It would be good if he didn't guard against it.
 If these monster plants chose to give up on the main body, he might even be secretly happy, and there would be more monster plants.
 Li Hao, who was in an extremely good mood, packed his things, stood up, and said with a smile,""Then let's all go out and take a breath of fresh air. It's not good to just cultivate. Let's go out and meet city Lord Lin. We can also discuss how to quickly promote the spread of martial arts!"
 "Alright!"
 Everyone was pleased and didn't stay any longer. They all walked out.
 Zhang an's voice came from behind,""The Dao has appeared, and the great Dao has become much more stable. The heaven and earth are also beginning to stabilize. We have to be fast and quickly extract the energy. "In addition, this technique can't be delayed forever. It can only be delayed. With more people cultivating it, when the cycle is balanced, the world will become more and more stable. In the early stages, it will absorb the power of the world, and in the later stages, it will give back to the world ..."
 It was a cycle.
 A powerful existence could actually temper the world with its breathing.
 This was because he was drawing even more energy from the bright star sector.
 It was the energy of the Dao law universe.
 The world would grow stronger as a result.
 It was just that in the early stages, the main thing was to draw energy from the world to cultivate, which would lead to a lack of energy.
 "I understand. Thank you for your reminder, senior," Li Hao said.
 The start of the second recovery was imperative.
  Li Hao couldn't delay for too long.
 Once it was awakened, there might be Immortals, Saints, or even Heavenly Kings. That would be Li Hao's real crisis.
 Li Hao and everyone else knew this.
 Therefore, the nine divisions, the royal family, and the three major organizations had been waiting for the arrival of the second recovery.
 This was because Li Hao and this group of Silver Moon people did not seem to want to use neo martial to fight against neo martial.
 Instead, he hoped that he could fight against it on his own!
 Since they were unwilling to compromise, it was likely that a huge conflict would occur.
 ……
 Li Hao walked out of the remains and chuckled.
 This time, Zhang an had changed a little. This person in the early stage of neo martial arts, the grandson of the Supreme, did not seem to be as disheartened as before.

 Everyone walked out of the ruins.
 The moment they came out, everyone had a different feeling.
 Hong Yitang suddenly said,"the heaven and earth are indeed more stable. Not only that, after we returned, we seem to have more contact with the heaven and earth. The force ... Is boiling!"
 Yuan Shuo nodded in agreement,"the energy is more active now." Momentum,"or rather," momentum,"has become clearer! The great momentum of the world is now closer to us, and we can feel it better when we merge it with the world. "
 Li Hao also tried it. In an instant, the divine text melted into the void.
 The power of heaven and earth gathered!
 As soon as the divine character "Dao" appeared, the surrounding energy even surged into Li Hao's body like a hungry and thirsty monster plant. Everyone's scalps turned numb. This guy's swallowing and spitting power seemed to be more terrifying than that of a monster plant.
 Li Hao raised his head and looked at the sky. Vaguely, he seemed to have sensed something and suddenly laughed."Interesting! The Heaven's Will seems to be seething with anger. Did I provoke it?"
 Yuan Shuo snorted coldly."The heavens 'will is not what I want. So what if I'm unhappy?"
 Li Hao laughed."Teacher, you can't say that. Heaven's will has isolated the origin world and given Silver Moon the opportunity to develop on his own. To us, he's a good person ... No, he's a good person!" Later, let's be more polite ... We'll follow heaven's will, and maybe we'll get some benefits. "
  “……”
 Everyone was stunned for a moment, then they all burst out laughing.
 You really dare to think!
 Li Hao said seriously,"even heaven's will can be bullied. When heaven's will is born, it can't sense anything. It's not like it's really alive. However, it can sense some general trend. The general trend has merged with the world and become one with the world ... It can really be bullied!"
 With that, the word "Dao" suddenly merged into the void, and a sense of darkness appeared. Everyone sensed something.
 "The will of heaven is eternal. Believe in the will of heaven and help the will of heaven grow. Help the Silver Moon grow. In this life, I dedicate my remaining life to the heavens and earth ..."
 It was Li Hao's meditation.
 At this moment, he deliberately revealed it for everyone to perceive.
 The next moment, everyone seemed to notice something different. At this moment, a majestic force emerged from the void and instantly poured into Li Hao's body. Li Hao smiled and swallowed it.
 Looking at the dumbfounded crowd, he chuckled and said,""Why are you looking at me? The current heaven's will was not even as smart as a child. It was just a subconscious mind. Once the general trend was integrated into it, the benefits would naturally come! Previously, I was wrong and thought that heaven's will was controlling people's hearts, but that's not the case. Heaven's will is still very weak, or else it would have controlled heaven and earth long ago, and we wouldn't have had the chance to discover the bright star sector. "
 "But ... The benefits are limited!"
 Li Hao continued,"of course, some energy doesn't mean anything. The most important thing is that when fighting against a strong enemy, everyone's power can merge with the world. We can borrow more power from the world. Teacher has said this long ago! "Power must merge with the heavens and earth and follow the will of the heavens. When you meet an enemy, you must learn to borrow the power of the heavens and earth to suppress them and transmit a thought to the heavens ... Our enemies are all destroying the development of the heavens and earth! The will of the heavens will actually protect the world. "
 Everyone was dumbfounded!
 Was it like this?
 Merging with heaven and earth and borrowing more power of heaven and earth?
 This works too?
 Li Hao nodded seriously.
  At this moment, the others couldn't wait any longer. One by one, they merged with the world and mumbled,""Heaven, you are my parents. We must protect the world, develop peacefully, strengthen the world, expel the strong enemies, destroy the enemies ..."  Waves of power were merging into the world.
 The moment Lin Hongyu stepped in, she thought that she had entered a cult, a group of lunatics worshipping an evil god!
 She was dumbfounded!
 Even the heavenly Sword, who she had always thought was upright and unyielding, was now chanting incantations and worshiping heaven and earth with utmost sincerity.
 What the hell?
 She was not in a good mood and suddenly felt a little afraid. These lunatics ... Could they have believed in some evil god?
 There were gods in this world.
 At the end of the West, there was a Kingdom of gods. It was said that there were some local gods who were destroyed in the neo martial era. Countless people worshipped them in the West. As the master of the city of supers, she knew about it.
 Furthermore, she also knew that the Western divine Kingdom might have a deity who had recovered.
 Li Hao and his group ... Wouldn't be the same, would they?
 While he was thinking, Li Hao floated over and said with a smile,""City Lord Lin is here. I'm sorry. I was busy with some things and forgot the time. I didn't have time to welcome you ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Lin Hongyu quickly suppressed the thought and smiled.""It's my duty to be a Governor. Oh, right ..."
 She looked at Tian Jian and the others and pretended to be curious,"Seniors, what are you ..."
 "They're trying to deceive heaven and earth and borrow more of their power,"Li Hao said with a smile.
 Lin Hongyu almost burst out laughing.
 This is crazy!
  p This group of old men, were they so childish?  To even lie to heaven and earth and borrow more power, are you all kidding me?
 Everyone said that the Silver Moon Martial Master was strong and ruthless, but no one had ever said that he was so childish.
 He was just about to say a few words to brush her off.
 In the next moment, Tian Jian suddenly let out a low roar as his sword broke through the void. His sword intent covered the heavens and earth as he muttered,"The devil is in the human world. My sword will slay the evil!"
 BOOM!
 An extremely powerful sword aura that struck fear into everyone's hearts appeared. From all directions, countless energies gathered and slashed down at the heavens!
 The majestic sword will split the sky.
 BOOM!
 In the sky, the clouds were shattered by the sword. In an instant, the sword will covered the entire area. A gust of wind whistled past, blowing Lin Hongyu's hair.

 Lin Hongyu looked on in a daze. She was completely dumbfounded.
 Sky sword, the peak Power of Six elements.
 It was probably the same as her.
 In terms of strength, she didn't think she was weaker than Tian Jian. But at this moment, Tian Jian's power was like a hot knife through butter. It was so powerful that it could split the sky. This sword had even reached the power of seven elements!
 She was already in a daze to the point of disbelief.
 So ... Li Hao was telling the truth.
 Deceiving the heavens and earth to gain power ... It wasn't a joke?
 She was completely stunned!
 This ... Really worked?
 After being in a daze for a long time, she looked at the others who were still trying with some difficulty. She swallowed her saliva and, without caring about her image, said somewhat crazily,""Governor ... Why is this happening?"
  How was that possible?
 "It's probably ... A sincere heart!"Li Hao laughed.
 Lin Hongyu mumbled to herself. 'A sincere heart works?
 The next moment, her power merged with the heavens and earth. She used the curved blade and grasped the blade intent. At this moment, she couldn't help but want to try. She muttered,"When I slay evil spirits, heaven and earth are my Masters, and heaven is my parents ..."
 As soon as he finished speaking, he slashed out with his saber!
 Silence.
 She looked at Li Hao in a daze.""Governor ... Do we need any other methods to cooperate?"
 Why was there no reaction?
 Li Hao sighed. This person ... Looked smart, but why was he so stupid now?
 Li Hao smiled and patted her shoulder. Only then did he realize that she was a woman. He retracted his hand and said with a smile,""Don't try. It's useless even if you try. You need the blessing of a new Dao!"
 Lin Hongyu was stunned and quickly understood,'new Dao? What about the Dao of characters?"
 "Yes and no,"
 Li Hao smiled."I'll tell you later. Let these old people test it. We'll talk at the city Lord's mansion ... I've arranged for the city Lord's mansion to be in the palace, but many people have died in the palace. I can't be bothered to go there. If you don't like it, you can find another place."
 "No need,"
 Lin Hongyu could not help but look at the crowd and asked,""Governor, this ... Why is it somewhat similar to the legendary blessing of the origin?"
 "It's different. "
 Li Hao shook his head."It's just a small trick. It's only useful in the Silver Moon. Outside of the Silver Moon, it's useless. The origin is supported by the universe of great DAOs, and it can be used in the chaosverse. It's only because the Silver Moon is completely in seclusion that it can't be used. As for them ... It's not really supported!"
  It could only be said that it was in accordance with heaven's will, and the native heaven and earth gave some preferential treatment.  The two were completely different.
 Hearing Li Hao's nonchalant reply, Lin Hongyu couldn't help but ...
 Do you know that your so-called little trick has made these people invincible and superior to anyone at the same level?
 This ... Was this a little trick?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Then what was not considered a small trick?
 "The governor is really ..."
 Lin Hongyu did not even know how to describe the young man in front of her. After a while, she said,""Governor, let's go to the city Lord's mansion. I've never been there before. It's my first time to the Imperial Palace of the star dynasty."
 Li Hao chuckled and nodded.
 As he followed Lin Hongyu towards the palace, Hong Yitang quickly caught up to him. The next moment, Yuan Shuo saw this and quickly followed. He glanced at Hong Yitang. 'Why do you keep following my disciple?'
 Hong Yitang was speechless!
 I'm talking about serious business!
 This old man, Yuan Shuo, was acting as if he wanted to snatch his wife away.
 He could not be bothered with Yuan Shuo and quickly said,""Governor, city Lord Lin is here. I think we need to carefully study and deduce what we talked about before ..."
 "I think so too!" Yuan Shuo quickly added.
 “……”
 Lin Hongyu was a little confused. She glanced at Li Hao, who smiled and said,""We want to imitate the martial arts universities of the new martial era, establish a perfect education system, and promote things like martial arts. It's not just martial arts. Strength is actually secondary. The key is some ideological transformation!"
  Li Hao asked as he walked,"why do you practice martial arts?" "After everyone has strength, I feel that there are a few main points to be introduced. First, practice martial arts to strengthen the body! Second, practice martial arts to improve your life. Third, power was used to maintain peace, not to destroy it. Fourth, let the nation and civilization rise. Silver Moon would not be a drop in the ocean in the vast universe, so what was the point of being tyrannical? "Neo martial arts is the best template. At this stage, we're still far from neo martial arts ... But we can follow in the footsteps of neo martial arts and inherit some of its spirit. Everyone is a Dragon, everyone is a Dragon, not ... Looking up at the mountain and not learning!"
 Lin Hongyu was slightly stunned, but she nodded silently.
 Promote martial arts and change people's thinking.
 This was no small matter!
 "Governor," she said in a deep voice,"the strong enemy has not been eliminated. The chaos in the world may only be the beginning. At this stage, isn't it a little ... Too early to promote these?"
 "No, it's not early!"
 Li Hao shook his head."Even if I fail, even if everyone else fails, if we start promoting it at this stage, even if Ying Hongyue or people from new martial arts win, it won't work if they still want to obliterate the People's wisdom when they awaken!" When you see a new world, you won't want to continue living in darkness. Those who have seen the light will no longer find darkness beautiful ..."
 "This is a seed, the seed of civilization!"
 Li Hao was touched,'I've seen some people and things in neo martial arts. At that time, I felt that my heart ... Had changed! You've seen even further, and you're hoping to get even more. "
 "You don't have this kind of pursuit because you've never seen it before ... But as long as you've seen it, you won't think that this is good and that you can just muddle along ..."

 "That's why I don't have to care about the chaos in the world or who will eventually rule Silver Moon when I promote these things ... Of course, I'll win!"
 Li Hao grinned,"those people are just clowns!" "A real neo martial artist with the neo martial spirit will not go against me. Those who go against me are actually people of the neo martial era. Don't call them neo martial artists!"
 "A bunch of clowns who can't cause any waves!"
 Li Hao continued,'therefore, at this stage, we have to start promoting it! The reason why I want to wipe out the literacy in Tian Xing city is so that everyone will have the conditions and opportunities to come into contact with more things. At least ... You can understand!"
 "Even if you don't understand it, it's fine. When the sky screen system is established, I'll think of a way to make some new martial arts era films ... Is that what they say?"
 "Yes, that's what they said!" Yuan Shuo nodded.
 Li Hao laughed."Use these things to promote and play on a loop to stimulate everyone and let them know what a real civilization is ... If your inner desires are not strong enough, that won't do. We have to yearn for beauty!"
 Lin Hongyu was a little shaken. After a while, she said,""Governor, this ... Requires countless manpower and resources, and time ..."
 "I know!"
 Li Hao nodded."But it's not for nothing. It's to create a shield for peace. A place where everyone longs for peace, for strength, and for a beautiful back garden! This way, our soldiers will fight and will fight!"
  "This way, our people will support us to be the king! Because they know who will bring them a better life. "
 Lin Hongyu listened in silence and glanced at Li Hao. Li Hao was like a spring breeze at this moment.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was a little different from the previous few times they met.
 She didn't know why Li Hao had such a change, but she felt ... Very comfortable with him.
 He was a man with dreams, goals, goals, and thoughts.
 Li Hao continued,"of course, there's a premise to everything ... You don't have to worry about food and drink!" "Also, a good life isn't just about eating and waiting for death. It's a process of fighting together. Only the first generation of fighters would have such a spirit ... It's not like you'll be happy if I give you food and drink for free."
 He said solemnly,"it's the same for the dissemination of martial arts!" People may not cherish things that they get easily and take for granted ... No, we have to let them understand that these things are not easily obtained, but earned by their own efforts!"
 Hong Yitang kept nodding.
 "That's how it should be," Yuan Shuo chimed in."Even you have suffered for years when you first started learning martial arts. You haven't even touched the edge of martial arts. You can't let people gain huge benefits so easily. Otherwise ... You won't be transforming and improving humans, but cultivating parasites."
 Lin Hongyu continued to listen in silence.
 She had originally thought that she would hear a bunch of lofty aspirations after coming to stellarsky city, such as subduing the four continents, solving the four countries, unifying Silver Moon, defeating new martial, and becoming powerful in martial arts ...
 No!
 She didn't hear these things when she came here.
 Li Hao, Hong Yitang, and Yuan Shuo, the core forces of the star military governor's office, were not talking about that. They were talking about how to awaken the people and how to plant the seeds of civilization in their hearts.
 Lin Hongyu was a little distracted.  There was no great ambition, no heroic words, only ... Domestic affairs.
 Were these people really not worried?
 Lin Hongyu thought to herself. She didn't want to say it at first, but since she had joined them, she said it anyway,""Viceroy, at this stage, I feel that the key is to strengthen a group of powerhouses ..."
 Li Hao nodded."I know. That's why we've been training all this time. Even now."
 "Now?"
 "Yes,"
 Li Hao nodded and said,"now, it's time to train!" In fact, you still don't understand. The world doesn't belong to one person, but a group of people! Even an ant has its own thoughts and power. "
 Li Hao had been enlightened many times recently, and he was touched. He said,""Just now, senior Tian Jian's force merged with the world and exploded in an instant. It's actually the power of the Dao of the heart! When you do what you have to do and let the people know that you are their pillar of support and their Enlightener, they will repay you. "
 "What do you want me to give back?"
 "Human King?" Lin Hongyu mumbled.
 Li Hao laughed,"I guess so!" It's actually a type of force, the power of faith, and the birth of some deities. It's actually the same principle. After experiencing the bright star sector, I know that the faith of the people is also a type of Dao. "
 "The bright star sector?"
 "It's the Dao universe. "
 Lin Hongyu didn't fully understand. She felt that Li Hao was extremely mysterious and different from the rest.
  Although it wasn't very clear, he understood it in general. He asked,""So, as long as the people live well, we will also become strong?"
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"No."
 “……”
 Lin Hongyu wanted to curse!
 He wouldn 't?
 Then what power of faith did you say?
 "It will make your heart stronger!" Li Hao laughed.
 "Governor, this ..."
 Li Hao chuckled."I'm not joking. I used to say that martial masters cultivate their hearts. Now, I'm going to say that powerhouses cultivate their hearts!" Only when your heart is strong enough can you become strong. Otherwise, you'll never be able to get rid of some things. "
 "We've derived a new training method recently," Li Hao said."Do you want to try it?"

 "Ah?"
 "It's very interesting. Cultivation is a very interesting way to relieve stress ..."
 "Divine text Dao?"
 "Yes, and no."
 Lin Hongyu was dumbfounded. What did he mean?
 While they were chatting, they entered the palace, which was now under the control of the Demon Hunter Army. As they entered the main hall, Li Hao casually said,""Sit anywhere you like. You're the city Lord, so you can sit on the top."
 "The governor should be the high seat!"
 Li Hao smiled."This is a stereotype. Of course, you have to follow the rules, but you don't have to be too rigid. We are very tolerant of talents."
 Lin Hongyu chose to obey in order to blend in with the group of confused people.
 At this moment, Li Hao started to talk about the big issue that Lin Hongyu was concerned about."Now, the four continents are in turmoil. Some bad guys, the bad guys from the neo martial era, can't hold back anymore and want to come out. The world is much more stable now ... The three major organizations have even moved away. I heard they went to the northern continent."
  "The surrounding four countries are also getting restless ... However, War and Peace are not personal matters! Use the power of the people to defeat the other party!"
 "Martial arts must be spread quickly. Even if there are some disadvantages, it must be spread quickly!"
 Li Hao continued,"previously, I killed five monster plants from 12 aristocratic families. Other than the Redwood tree, there were six who survived. I originally wanted to kill them and end things ... But now I realize that it's too much of a waste. Let's work together!"
 Li Hao quickly said,'it's not just them who are cultivating crops. The 11 monster plants in Heavenly Star Town also need to do this! In addition, the five monster plants from heaven battling city that are moving here should also do the same ..."
 Li Hao did some calculations."That's 21 monster plants. Each of them can nurture enough food for 100 million people for a year, so that's only enough for 2.1 billion people ... Of course, at this stage, there's still some food reserves, but it's not enough. I still want to subdue some monster plants from the central region!"
 "There are definitely more monster plants in the central region, there should be more ... And I want to move them together, and Star Town is very suitable ..."
 "Therefore, we have to do all kinds of things. Let the three major organizations grow. Even if they grow fast, they will not be faster than us!"
 "Once the world's military deployment is completed ... The second recovery will be delayed again. If the people behind this want to recover in advance, they will need to release a large amount of energy, which is a method to weaken them!"
 "During this process, everyone can also hone their neo martial arts!"
 "As for Governor Lin, I have a few things to do. First, collect information on the central ruins." Second, the People's welfare. Third, to unearth political talents. "Fourth, you'll be in charge of advertising ... Of course, this is just my idea. As for how to operate it, city Lord Lin will decide for himself."
 Lin Hongyu nodded.
 "Alright," Li Hao said with a smile."We're done here. Let's talk about something else."
 “……”
 Lin Hongyu was completely speechless. Finished?
 What did you talk about?
 "I'll show Governor Lin the cultivation method of the neo martial Dao. At the same time, I'll see if the problem is serious ..."
 Lin Hongyu's interest was piqued.  Yuan Shuo and Hong Yitang also quickly looked at Li Hao.
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't say much. 36 superpower locks appeared on his body and directly appeared in front of everyone."Most people can't do this. We have to develop it slowly. Of course, I'll skip this step first, or it'll be a waste of time!"
 Lin Hongyu swallowed her saliva. What was this?
 A superpower lock?
 So many!
 Oh my God!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, began to operate the cultivation technique according to the previous deduction and the air-breaking technique.
 Soon, the 36 super locks started to glow.
 In an instant, a light appeared on one of the Super locks. Lin Hongyu was fascinated by it. A hole seemed to have been opened on the Super Lock, and a faint energy was being extracted by Li Hao.
 Then, like a flute, holes appeared on the Super Lock. However, Li Hao used his cultivation technique to slowly grind away at one of them. Soon, the hole was worn out.
 A wave of energy spread out as Li Hao said,""I've succeeded in opening the aperture. This is the first aperture, the first aperture of the first Dao Meridian ... Next, I'll open the other Dao meridians and aperture acupoints!"
 Very quickly, he copied the moves and opened nine more. Li Hao said,""He killed the peak of the early tenth realm!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Soon, the apertures on the superpower lock were unlocked one by one.
 In the blink of an eye, he had activated 36 of them.
 Li Hao laughed."I've killed the peak of the 10th state. Now, as long as I complete the connection and the cycle, I'll be able to kill more than 100 people. I'll be able to use my inner strength!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, his 36 apertures glowed and he quickly completed a cycle of cultivation.
  BOOM!
 With a soft sound, an inner force burst out. Lin Hongyu was dumbfounded. What ... What kind of martial arts cultivation method is this?
 Traditional martial arts were not cultivated in this way.
 However, this performance was no different from traditional martial arts.
 And Li Hao was still continuing.
 The second cycle began. Just like the first time, another 36 apertures were opened in the blink of an eye, completing the second cycle. Li Hao smiled and said,""I've completed the cultivation of 72 apertures and have broken through the peak of 100! The second cycle is complete!"
 After saying that, he continued to open it.
 In the blink of an eye, the third cycle was completed.
 BOOM!
 "I've opened 108 apertures!" Li Hao continued."I've entered the middle stage of the Qian warrior realm!"

 He went to cultivate again, and his speed became faster and faster.
 Not long after, 144 apertures were opened." 144 apertures, this is the later stage of the Qian warrior realm ..."
 Immediately after, another cycle started.
 "I have 180 apertures now. I have unlocked half of the Super locks. Now, I am at the pinnacle of the thousand warrior realm."
 Li Hao continued to train, and his aura grew stronger and stronger.
 After a while, there was a loud boom. On a Dao Meridian, the remaining five apertures were all opened by him. The difficulty was not lower than the previous 36 apertures. It was somewhat difficult.
 Li Hao's aura grew once more."This is the first layer of the mountain sea realm. I've completed the complete opening of a Dao Meridian. The point of opening the acupoints is to better open the Dao Meridian and maintain the cycle from being broken!"
 Then, he continued to open it.
 In the blink of an eye, the second Dao Meridian was opened, then the third, and the fourth ...
 In the blink of an eye, Li Hao had opened seven Dao meridians. At this moment, he was frowning. A large amount of energy had been devoured, and he had also absorbed a lot of spring water of life."The further you go, the more difficult it will be! At this moment, all seven Dao meridians are fully opened ... With the other Dao meridians half opened, it's no weaker than the previous seven divine powers. It might be possible to open more, but it's too difficult ... I'll take my time!"
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As he said this, he looked at Lin Hongyu."I won't use any other sacred art Dao meridians. I'll just use the power of these seven meridians. I'm at the seventh level of the mountain sea realm. I'll give you a punch. What do you think?"
 Lin Hongyu was stunned. After a while, she nodded."Sure!"
 Bang! Bang!
 The fist broke through the void!
 Lin Hongyu did not even have time to react before she saw the void crack. In an instant, Li Hao's fist appeared and sent her flying!
 Lin Hongyu leaned against the wall and looked at Li Hao in a daze.
 Yuan Shuo and Hong Yitang both sighed in their hearts ... They really didn't know how to be tender and protective of women.
 Not a human!
 Li Hao smiled and said,'city Lord Lin's defense isn't weak! I'm at the seventh level of the mountain and sea realm, and I have the power of seven meridians. In fact, I'm even comparable to those at the peak of the mountain and sea realm who don't have any essences. And yet, with a single punch, I only sent you flying, and not through you ..."
 "This is the neo martial Dao. Is it simple?" he added.
 Blood trickled down Lin Hongyu's lips. After a while, she was a little shaken."This ... Is the neo martial Dao?"
 Li Hao's speed was astonishing, and he activated all seven of his meridians within an hour. He had become what he called the seventh layer of the mountain sea realm, and he had defeated him with a single punch!
 This ... Is the neo martial Dao?
 "A total of 36 ... Can all of them be activated?" she mumbled.
 "Of course!"
 Li Hao nodded."It's just that this is pure attribute-less power. It can also be called physical power. Without divine abilities, it's slightly less lethal, but it's still alright!" Of course, just because I'm cultivating so quickly doesn't mean that everyone else is the same ... I already have 36 superpower locks. Everyone has to cultivate and open their apertures bit by bit, so the speed will definitely be very slow!"  Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"under normal circumstances, it would take at least a year to complete the first round of 36 apertures. Of course, that's under the condition that we don't use any external objects. At this stage, the energy is rich ... Maybe half a year will be enough."
 "At that time, you will be at the peak of the tenth realm."
 Lin Hongyu was completely shocked. After a while, she got up from the ground and looked at Li Hao."Governor, have you been busy with this these days?"
 "Right!"
 "This ... This will turn the entire supernatural realm upside down!" Lin Hongyu was shocked.
 It was her first time seeing it, but she already felt that it was very simple and easy. Although Li Hao was special ... This meant that other people didn't need to have a deep understanding of it.
 This feeling was even simpler than superpowers!
 Governor ... Then ... How many types of god art power are we considered to have now?"
 Li Hao knew other abilities.
 Li Hao laughed."The only useful ones are the five elements, the wind and lightning elements, and the seven meridians. That's only fourteen meridians. Strictly speaking, the other seven elements haven't formed a big cycle with these seven elements. They can't compare to fourteen meridians in a cycle!" "The 9th Meridian is the mountains and seas, and above that is the sun and moon. The 14th Meridian is the 2nd meridian of the sun and moon realm!"
 After saying this, he continued,'but in reality, it's slightly weaker. Of course, as a magical power Meridian, it's about the same ... The second stage of the sun Moon realm can only be considered an ordinary figure among the peak. A true peak-level cultivator should have the power of the ninth level of the sun Moon realm ..."
 Li Hao said regretfully,"the current me should have no problem dealing with some extremely weak paragons by myself!" However, if it's those undying, the difficulty is still very high, even if their strength hasn't recovered to its peak. "
 However, Lin Hongyu could not hear any of this.
 The second level of Sun Moon?
 A new realm!
  Of course, this wasn't important. The important thing was that Li Hao could now deal with those paragons by himself.
 This ... Was unbelievable.
 Before this, although Li Hao had fought against those weak undyings ... It wasn't done by himself.
 Lin Hongyu took a deep breath and said,"Governor, you want to spread this news to the world?"
 "Right!"
 "This ... This is not appropriate!"
 "This way, the enemy will know as well," Lin Hongyu said hurriedly.
 Li Hao laughed,"then let them fix it!" That's even better, I can use up more energy ... That's good!"
 Lin Hongyu was at a loss for words.
 After a moment of silence, he took a deep breath.""Governor, if that's the case, I suggest ... That we slow down for a while and use the new cultivation technique to exchange for some benefits. Then, we'll make it public and make them suffer in silence."

 "In exchange for benefits?"
 "Yes!" Lin Hongyu nodded. Not only him, but all the other border officials were the same! First, he would secretly send someone to get in touch with them. For example, he could sell them the cultivation method for ten million or one million divine energy stones ... If he was fast enough, he could arrange for more people to teach them on the spot, just like what the military governor did ... It would definitely shock the people! Not to mention tens of millions ... Even more would do! Of course, we'll do it by quantity!"
 Her eyes flickered as she said,"when each family has bought it, we will instantly make it public. We will make money, buy people's hearts, weaken the enemy, and strengthen ourselves ... The difficulty lies in whether they believe that we will sell powerful cultivation techniques to them ... Of course, there is a way to dispel their doubts. A live exercise is the best way!"
 "The square continent is full of local tyrants. There are also relics and divine power stones ... There are 99 provinces in the world. Besides the central region and the North, there are dozens of them. Even if each of them charges three million, it's not a lot for a force. The divine energy stones can break a hundred million!"
 "If the governor had arranged for someone to go to SuperPower City and Exchange with me ... I would not have believed it at first. However, when the governor sent people to practice, I saw it with my own eyes. Even if I am skeptical, I am willing to spend a few million divine stones to buy it. I will study it first."
 At the side, Yuan Shuo and the other man looked at her.
 Then, he secretly exclaimed in his heart,'this woman ... Is indeed black-hearted.'
 Li Hao also laughed,"this ... Makes sense!" "Although I don't lack divine power stones now, it's not a bad idea to weaken others and strengthen myself. And the divine power Stone will be used in many ways ... It makes sense!"
 Lin Hongyu was happy that her suggestion was accepted. She said,""It's okay if there are those who don't have money. We can exchange all kinds of materials for divine power stones. Cultivation resources are more important to them. "
  "Commander, if there's anything you want, like paper mills, local specialties, machines, super cannons ... You can trade with them! There were even armors that they had dug up that couldn't be used, and they could change as many as they wanted! I remember that the governor said ... You can change, right?"
 Li Hao's eyes flickered, and he hurriedly nodded.
 I didn't think of this before.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He was only thinking about whether he could forge it himself or get it from heaven battling city.
 Lin Hongyu was pleased to hear Li Hao's approval. She continued,""Or exchange it for some special abilities. The other party won't mind because special abilities aren't too powerful. Didn't the governor Hope to obtain more special abilities?"
 "We can even get these people to capture the supers in our territory ... And send them to the central region to work or to maintain peace ... It's a good thing. We can complete some of the governor's plans with the help of others!"
 Li Hao took a deep breath and looked at her. After a long while, he said,""You can continue!"
 Lin Hongyu saw that he did not object and continued,""The benefits exchanged for this set of cultivation techniques are definitely not limited to this. The military governor can even use other methods to promote martial arts, such as letting them build a hundred Academies themselves ... Just say that once they've built them, they'll give out cultivation techniques for free! "Let's not talk about the martial arts college first. These people won't care about the Civil arts college. Who wouldn't be willing to build a mere hundred colleges in exchange for cultivation techniques?"
 "This way, I can save a lot of time!"  "Once we conquer the four continents, we can immediately recruit new students. We can even have them capture some of the scholars and technicians in our territory and Exchange them for cultivation techniques!"
 Lin Hongyu became more and more excited,"this way, we won't be lacking in teachers!" Even their family and friends were sent to the central continent. Who would care about ordinary people? After all, there are only 22 provinces in the central region. The population of the four continents is more concentrated in the central region ... The central region can complete the promotion faster and more smoothly!"
 Li Hao swallowed his saliva and nodded. It made sense.
 A cultivation technique had been played by this woman to the point where it was no joke!
 Lin Hongyu was happy to see Li Hao nod. She said,""Also, doesn't the governor need the monster plants to help cultivate food? The governor can also exchange with them for the specific location of some ruins ... They know some ruins, but the kind that they can't develop ... They can all be converted into money!"
 Li Hao took a deep breath."That's reasonable. I'll get the whole world's help to complete the promotion. It'll be faster!"
 "Right!"
  Lin Hongyu laughed and continued,"we can even use this cultivation method in exchange for the Duke of the South and the Duke of the West to lead their troops across the sea to the western and southern continents. There are both threats and promises. If they are wise, they will leave after obtaining the cultivation method."
 Lin Hongyu explained everything, and Li Hao listened to her. To think that so many things could be done with a cultivation technique that he was going to make public ... Li Hao felt that it was worth a try!
 According to Lin Hongyu, it wouldn't take too long, only about ten days.
 That was including the time spent on the road.
 Once he went, negotiations and transactions would be completed quickly. If the various Chiefs were smart, they would all change. It was not easy to find a fool to do this.
 The smarter one was, the easier it was to take the bait.
 Even the three major organizations could give it a try.
 It was fine as long as he didn't look for Red Moon. He would look for Yama and flying heavens. Li Hao's enmity with Red Moon was too deep, but these two families might also switch.
 In the end, Li Hao also nodded his head and chuckled.""Good! Then we'll do it your way ... Just as well, I was thinking of letting the Silver Moon Martial Master quickly complete the conversion and show it off at the same time. Oh right, during the conversion process, we can get the other party to provide us with divine energy stones. It's not a bad idea to trick them!"

 Lin Hongyu could not help but laugh. It was not a small sum, but if the other party wanted to take a look, it was normal for them to provide some divine power stones. There was a high chance that they would not refuse.
 Li Hao was also happy. This way, he could save a lot of money.
 ……
 On this day, a large number of Silver Moon martial masters started to travel.
 The Silver Moon martial masters would be busy since the beginning of the new year, but no one felt bad about it. On the contrary, they were all very excited. People from all four continents, including the North, were heading there.
 A few days later, some of the overlords of the various continents, some of whom even had enmity with Li Hao, welcomed the emissaries from the central continent, the emissaries of the Heavenly Star military governor's office.
 This scene shocked many people.
 Li Hao had actually sent an envoy.
 But that wasn't the point ... The point was that the Silver Moon Martial Master wanted to trade the new cultivation technique, the 'air breaking technique', which was created by the fusion of countless Silver Moon martial masters and the secret technique of five birds.
  Even though everyone found it unbelievable and doubted Li Hao's purpose, the Silver Moon martial masters were willing to show it on the spot at the cost of some divine power stones and spring of life. Although it was not a small number ... In order to see and understand their purpose, these local overlords were willing to pay a small price.
 They didn't think that Li Hao had sent an emissary just for the divine power stones and the spring of life.
 With one look, countless overlords were instantly terrified.
 It was shocking!
 This ... Was an invincible cultivation technique that could directly reach the 36 types of magical powers!
 It was simply unbelievable, unbelievable, and even a little crazy. On Li Hao's side ... Could it be that someone had cultivated 36 types of techniques? otherwise ... Why would he spread the cultivation technique?
 This meant that they might have an even more advanced cultivation technique.
 But even so, this technique was still enough to move and shock countless people. This was the most suitable technique for the people of the Silver Moon continent.  For a moment, the overlords were both shocked and afraid.
 What they were afraid of was that Li Hao's side didn't have many experts with 36 types of magical powers. According to the other party, they were at the ninth level of the sun Moon realm.
 However, in their eyes, this was an expert of all 36 elements.
 What they were shocked about was that such a peerless cultivation technique was actually willing to be imparted to them at such a low price ... It was as if they were giving it away for free.
 Li Hao's requests were also varied.
 Building a school, capturing superpowers, buying scholars, technicians, changing the location of the remains ...
  To the overlords, these were nothing. The cultivation methods, the invincible cultivation methods, were the key. If they could save some divine power stones, they were willing to exchange them, even though they knew that these were needed to calm the world down in the future.
 But now, the world was about to be pacified by others, so why would he care about this?
 For a time, a large number of resources and people began to be sent to the central region. Many of the scholars and technicians who were sent had sorrowful expressions, feeling that they would probably never return from this trip. They would probably end up as slaves, or even meat. For a time, the four Seas were filled with endless sobs.
 Those who didn't know better would think that Li Hao had eaten someone.
 Under such circumstances, a large number of Academies began to appear in the central region. Even the sky screen began to spread rapidly across the central region.
 Without the sky screen, it would be very difficult to complete this battle.
 For this, Li Hao had already decided to open the Lu Zhen Research Institute and speed up the promotion of the sky screen.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In the first month of star origin calendar year 1731, there was not much movement from the high-end combat forces in the central region, but the bottom was already in an uproar.
 A new era ... Was about to begin.

