fileno%d
uckled."I'm a modern weakling. Senior, why didn't you hide in the relic? if you reveal your origin rashly, your origin might be destroyed!"
 The expert's origin that was possessed by the big fish was also somewhat helpless.
 This man ... Was really ... Lawless and unafraid of authority.
 "Alright, I'll get straight to the point. A few days ago, I seemed to have sensed the aura of the demon subduing envoy. Although it dissipated very quickly, I still sensed it. I have some information on my side. It says that there is a dog with a powerful ancient demon bloodline by Governor Li's side ..."
 "And then?"
 “……”
 The powerhouse who possessed the big fish choked and said,""A few days ago, I sensed that general Huai might have recovered ..." He said.
 "Yes, and then?"
 “……”
 The big fish wanted to open his mouth and curse!
  And then your Grandpa!
 "What I mean is that after new martial's rule in Silver Moon ends, we may all be able to meet after the second recovery. At this moment, it's difficult for us to contact each other. Can we contact each other through the governor ... And discuss how to deal with the next situation ..."
 Li Hao understood, but he was a little confused.""Is there a need?"
 “……”
 Why was it not necessary?
 At this moment, in the depths of the North Sea, in a historical site, a huge demonic beast's head was almost raised. Why was it not necessary?
 The descendants of the demon subduing envoy had appeared, and the locust tree had been revived. They were all from the strong branch of the neo martial system in the past.
 They were all colleagues!
 We have something to discuss, but it's not convenient now. Just pass the message. What's the point of you nagging?
 Also, this was the first time he had sensed the fluctuation of the origin. Although he didn't know the specifics, he felt that it was from the Orthodox lineage.
 You, Li Hao, can contact all parties ... That's why I came to find you. Otherwise, do you think I'd be happy to find you?
 "I have something to discuss with them. It's of great importance."
 "What is it?"
 "You ..."
 The big fish opened its mouth and was about to get angry.
 Li Hao smiled."Alright, I'll pass on the message. By the way, what's your name, senior?" I don't want them to not know if I tell them. "
 "Power over the sea."
 Li Hao noted it down. What kind of name was that? the name of a demon sounded really weird.
 On this trip back, he met some strange guys on the way.
 First, it was Lin Hongyu, and then another expert from the sea calming envoy's residence.
 When did I become so popular?
 However, Li Hao did remember that there were great demons in the sea. A real great demon could actually leak its source from a long distance away. This was very terrifying. It should be known that those demon plants could only make a wave about a hundred meters away from the relic.
 Where is this fellow's mansion?
 It was probably more than ten thousand meters away from here, right?
 Perhaps even further!
 This meant that this great demon was very powerful and might even be at the level of a Saint.
 To discuss something with general Huai and the others, something of great importance?
 Li Hao had just asked a probing question, but since the other party was about to get angry, he stopped asking. Instead, he asked,""Senior, are there many demon clans in the sea? I'm talking about the ancient Fey. "
 "Quite a few,"
 Li Fuhai saw that he didn't ask about anything else but this, so he didn't feel that it was a taboo. He warned big fish,""Don't enter the sea rashly. There seems to be a problem with the four Seas. Some of the tributaries of the forbidden Sea that were drawn here in the past seem to be rioting ... They run through the land of the Silver Moon and become underground rivers. I don't know why such a change occurred, but it's not a good thing ... What I'm discussing with them is actually related to this matter ..."
 Li Hao's eyes flickered.
 The forbidden Sea!
 He knew about this. There was a mission in the military camp that said the forbidden Sea was flooding back. That day, he met a few great demons in the Cang mountains. Hong Yitang snatched half a Sky Gold lotus, which was said to be a special product of the forbidden Sea.
 The small lake in the middle of the mountain might be an outlet of the forbidden Sea.
  An underground river?  Through the land of the Silver Moon?
 Was it the Silver Moon province or this world? it was probably this world. The Silver Moon that these ancient civilization powerhouses were talking about was usually the entire world.
 Was there a problem with that?
 Li Hao didn't know much about the inside story, but he could remember it. He said,""Alright, I'll pass on the message! Is there anything else, senior?"
 "Also, I need some energy to recover ..."
 "Cough, cough. Senior, you should go find someone else. I've been broke recently and used all of it to revive general Huai!"
 The big fish was speechless.
 It was thinking, with my status, I can find a weak person to cooperate with and give him some benefits. Wouldn't he be eager to do it?
 This time ... He didn't even get to finish his sentence before he was rejected.
 Li Hao didn't bother to say anything more. How could he have so much energy to help them recover?
 They weren't too familiar with each other!
 With this energy, how many people would be waiting?
 There were a bunch of them in heaven battling city, and director Zhao apparently had a main city. There was also the hidden Li family ancient city, little tree, and all the other random people who might appear.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Go and line up!
 Ancient Fey beasts were a little useless.
 It couldn't produce the spring of life, so even if he gave some blood essence, what was the use of it? was it for the Black Panther to eat?
 Besides, who knows if you're good or bad.
 He was too lazy to say more, and Li Fuhai was also embarrassed, so he quickly said,""Then remember, you must pass on the news, especially to heaven battling city!"
 With that, the origin faded.
 As for the big fish, it was a little confused, as if it didn't know what was going on. Li Hao casually threw it into the sea. After all, it had been possessed by an expert before. Li Hao gave it some face and decided not to kill it and eat the fish soup.
 "It's so strange!"
 Li Hao disappeared in an instant. He didn't say anything about this person blocking his way. He just wanted to leave as soon as possible.
 An expert who could seep out his origin was really not weak!
 ……
 At the same time.
 Deep in the ocean.
 In a mansion, a huge demonic beast was a little weak and speechless after retrieving its essence. After a long while, it muttered to itself,""He was actually rejected ... This is really ... Unprecedented!"
 It made him speechless!
 This wasn't important. The important thing was that a tributary of the forbidden Sea had broken away from the control of the four Seas and ran through the land of Silver Moon. There seemed to be something wrong with it, which made it a little uneasy.
 Of course, it had been many years.
 But, didn't she just recover?
 "The second recovery is starting. There might be a big change!"
 The big demon muttered, not having a good sign.
  The four Seas had already left the control of the sea Conqueror mansion.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao was also thinking the same thing. He had to dig out the star Mine!
 It was necessary for the resurrection of powerhouses, the secondary resurrection, the birth of the spring of life, the cultivation of powerhouses ...
 Without a large number of energy stones, he would not be able to survive.
 "I can't let it explode and undergo a second revival. Otherwise, it'll be absorbed by the powerhouses of the ancient civilization. What should I do?
 "We have to settle the matter in Tianxing ancient town as soon as possible. Why are there so many things to do?"
 Li Hao also had a headache!
 He had to speed up!
 He had to settle the situation outside as soon as possible, and then quickly attack the Heavenly Star Town to seize the giant Mine.

 It was already night time when Li Hao returned to stellarsky city.
 The governor's office.
 Everyone was very busy. At this moment, there was not much people in the governor's office. The experts had all gone to do their own things.
 Ordinary people still needed to sleep to replenish their energy. Powerhouses like Li Hao were better off. They were always full of energy, but sometimes they needed sleep to adjust.
 He had just returned and someone had come looking for him.
 Before Li Hao could rest, Hong Yitang entered the main hall of the government office.
 "I've been back for quite a long time this time. "
 It had been a week.
 Although Li Hao was fast, it took him almost a day to get back.
 Li Hao was a little tired after traveling for 20000 miles, but he knew that Hong Yitang probably had something important to talk to him about. He smiled and said,""Is there anything, martial uncle?"
  "Yes."
 Hong Yitang didn't stand on ceremony and said directly,""I'm preparing for the opening of the martial arts Academy in half a month. The first batch of students will probably exceed the previous number, about 5000 people. I'd like to ask, what subjects do you think we should set up?"
 Martial arts, this was a must for martial arts academies.
 However, he still had to ask for Li Hao's opinion on other matters.
 It didn't sound like a big deal, but it was related to the future of all the major Academies in Heavenly Star.
 Li Hao rubbed his temples. After a moment, he said,""I won't make any specific arrangements. We'll focus on technology, people's livelihood, and research and development. In addition, some ideological changes are also necessary."
 Hong Yitang nodded slightly, and after some consideration, he said,""Then, once these people graduate, what are the arrangements?"
 Li Hao was slightly dazed.
 What were the arrangements after graduation?
 "That's right. No matter how much you learn in the Academy, you won't be able to use anything after you leave. You don't have the supporting equipment. You've researched a bunch of advanced technology, but you might not be able to use anything after you leave.
 Li Hao pondered for a moment."There's no rush for now. After we get out ... Let's focus on education and spread this knowledge. We also need time to modify the entire Silver Moon bit by bit!"
 "What we lack the most now is time. Is there any news from Fengyun Pavilion?" he added.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "There it is!"
 "According to the information provided by Chen hai," Hong Yitang said,"we found traces of people from Fengyun Pavilion in a mountain between Nanyue and nandou. But we didn't dare to investigate too deeply, in case we alert them."
 Li Hao's spirit rose!
 There was finally some news.
 With the information from the city of supers, Li Hao quickly said,""Gather everyone in the city for a meeting. Oh right ... You can also call Chen Zhongtian!"
 Hong Yitang saw that he was anxious and nodded.
 Li Hao was extremely busy.
 Although it was already late at night, Hong Yitang didn't say anything. They were all experts. It was fine to not sleep for a day or two.
 ……  They came very quickly.
 Half an hour later, almost everyone had arrived.
 Hou Xiaochen, Yao si, and the others had also been busy these past few days. They had temporarily completed some changes to the Heavenly Star city's night patrols and clarified the rule of the Heavenly Star military governor's office.
 The moment he entered, Yao si took advantage of the fact that there were still people who had not arrived and opened his mouth to say,""Governor, there's a small matter I have to tell you first."
 "Speak," he said.
 "Money,"
 Yao si quickly replied,"most of the night watchers are supers. However, there are also a portion of ordinary people. Supers can be paid with divine energy stones and mystical energy. Ordinary people can 't. Besides, supers also need money." The Nightwatchers do not have money as their main source of income and lack a source of income. In the past, we could still take advantage of the side door, but now we can't ... The financial division has long cut off financial support to the Nightwatchers ..."
 "We do have divine energy stones and mysterious energy now, but we can't keep up with some basic supplies. Even the daily meals, accommodation, clothes, training equipment ... Are hard to provide now." Yao si quickly said.
 Li Hao was stunned.
 He did not expect that the star military governor's office's first problem would be money.
 At this moment, he seemed to have thought of something and quickly said,""Where's the Demon Hunter Army?"
 "It's the same!"
 Below, Liu Long, as the Vice commander of the Demon Hunter Army, had also arrived. At this moment, he also nodded his head, We don't lack cultivation resources, but as the number of demon hunters increases, we're also in short supply of the things Minister Yao needs."
 Of course, he didn't usually say it.
 Li Hao frowned slightly. He had been too focused on the problem of cultivation resources.
 He had set aside a portion of the divine energy stones as his salary for both the night watchers and the Demon Hunters.
 At this time, director Zhou opened his mouth."A penny is hard for a hero. In fact, the star dynasty has 99 provinces and their finances are still considered rich. Although some provinces have cut off tax, the financial division is still very rich. Most of the provinces continue to pay."
 "Where's the money?"
 "The other eight divisions and the royal family have split it up."
 "The criminal Division could have a part of it before," director Zhou said."Since the criminal Division was gone, the financial division has completely cut off financial support."
  Li Hao frowned slightly.
 Sometimes, it's useless to be strong unless you Rob someone!
 However, if they wanted to Rob, it would not be the star military governor's office. Who would they Rob?
 Commoner?
 Or the eighth division?
 This was what the city of superpower did. If they had no money, they would go out and Rob.
 The star military governor wanted to learn from them?
 That wasn't a problem. There were so many powerhouses, and even if they snatched it, they wouldn't dare to make a sound.
 "The Financial Secretary Liu family, How dare you?"
 Chen Zhongtian said softly,"it's not that the Liu family is so bold. It's just that the Liu family doesn't dare to provide you with these now. Otherwise, the other divisions will not agree. With the financial constraint, the star military governor's office won't suffer much loss. However, if this continues, the star military governor's office can forget about expanding."

 With the cultivation resources, it would not be a problem for a while.
 But if you want to continue expanding, that will be difficult.
 It was not impossible to exchange divine power stones for money. However, if such cultivation resources were to flow out in large quantities, it would quickly cause the collapse of the ordinary economic system.
 It won't be a big problem if you change less.
 If they exchanged too much, there would be an economic collapse.
 Director Zhou understood this and quickly said,"If the governor wants to use the divine power stones to exchange for money and supplies ... The problem now is that the star coins of the dynasty are too different from the mysterious energy and divine power stones. If any of the divine power stones were to be sold, it would cause a small-scale turmoil. There might be a situation where you do not have enough money, so you can only continue to print. Once you print too many ... Inflation will occur, and the total amount of materials will be there. If you have too much money, it will be worthless!"
 "Once such a situation occurs ... The rich and transcendents are fine, but to the poor, it's a huge disaster!"
 Director Zhou said in a deep voice,"when the time comes, one Jin of rice will be 100 star dollars. Even with inflation, the salary will still be high. 1000 star dollars a month. The money that could originally buy 200 Jin of rice will only be able to buy 10 Jin ... In the end, a group of civilians will probably starve to death."
 Li Hao didn't know much about the economy, but after hearing director Zhou's words, he immediately realized the severity of the situation.
  "So, once a large number of cultivation resources appear, there will be huge trouble?"
 "Right!"
 Director Zhou said,"this thing is very difficult to get!" "If you were to lower the price of cultivation resources, there will be a situation where the supply of cultivation resources can not meet the demand. Ordinary people would not sell them. However, if you raise the price, you can easily sell them for hundreds of millions or even billions ... Under normal circumstances, transcendents sell these things to stock up on some essential resources, which will cause the price of goods to rise again."
 He looked at Li Hao."This has not happened all these years, but it has something to do with the monster plants. Because the monster plants require a large amount of cultivation resources, the major forces don't sell them to the public. Ordinary cultivators don't even have enough for their own cultivation, so how can they sell resources?"
 "Although the governor's office has it and is short of money, we can't open this door. Once we open the door to large-scale sales ... It will be a huge problem!"
 Li Hao had a headache.
 He looked at director Zhou. How should this matter be resolved?
 According to his previous thoughts, he shouldn't be worried about the lack of money.
 I can sell any one of my divine power stones for a lot of money.
 Director Zhou saw him look over and said,"For now, we can still hold on for a while. But financial reform is also necessary, the key point is the right to issue the star currency, we have to do our best to grasp it in our hands, to avoid big trouble, like the financial division madly printing star currency, sometimes, if you don't think there's a big problem, it may destroy the entire dynasty!"
 "Once there is trouble in the financial system and the unlimited distribution of star dollars, everyone's money will be worthless. At that time, the world will be in chaos! I wanted to talk to you about this, but there have been too many things going on recently ..."
 "At present, the biggest threat to us is not the Division of Administration or the military law Division, but the financial division!"  He looked at Li Hao and quickly said,"once the other party is completely out of ideas, they'll take control of the coin factory and print star coins without limit. They'll attack the entire dynasty. The collapse of the dynasty will be in an instant."
 Even Li Hao was stunned!
 He was really stunned.
 He had never taken the Financial Secretary seriously.
 But now, after hearing director Zhou say this, he realized the problem. When everyone's money turned into toilet paper and they found it hard to wipe their butts, was it really that troublesome?
 A huge trouble!
 The financial system had completely collapsed. The money in the hands of the poor was worthless. The rich could at least survive and have some reserves. But to the poor, this was the end of it!
 "You mean ... The financial division wants to deal with them?" Li Hao took a deep breath.
 He had a headache!
 If that was the case, he would have to fall out with Jiusi now.
 Director Zhou shook his head,"no, on the other hand, we can't force them too much. Unless we have the confidence to take down all nine divisions, we have to keep a low profile. Otherwise, they might think that we have no way out. That would be troublesome."
  "Because the financial division did not suffer much losses before, they are now restraining themselves ... But I suspect that the financial division may have hoarded a lot of money. If something happens, the money will instantly flow into the market. Also, the financial division is now in charge of the banks, and countless people have savings. If the banks go bankrupt ..."
 In short, this was a huge problem.
 Li Hao was stunned.
 This time, it was another unexpected attack that gave him a splitting headache.
 Chen Zhongtian opened his mouth and said: "Governor li, there is no need to be so nervous. For now ... The military law Division, the Division of Administration, and the royal family do not think that they will lose. They will not let the financial division do this. Letting the dynasty be completely in chaos is the last choice ..."
 Li Hao furrowed his brows slightly. If I remember correctly, all of you want the dynasty to fall into complete chaos and become the new king in the chaos, gaining the worship of the people and becoming the so-called human King. Now is just the right time, are you sure they don't have this idea?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Chen Zhongtian was silent.
 This was hard to guarantee.
 Li Hao suppressed the frustration in his heart. He didn't know much about these things, and it was useless to say anything more. He quickly suppressed the frustration. "Let's not talk about this for now. As long as we are fast enough, everything will not be a problem!"

 "I have two things to say!" He looked at the crowd.
 "First, we have to deal with Fengyun Pavilion! Second, we have to deal with the city of superpower!"
 Li Hao quickly explained the situation in the city of superpowers. Everyone was dumbfounded. After a fight, Lin Hongyu surrendered?
 You even took the initiative to hold a meeting between the 12 families to give you a chance?
 "A trap?"
 "It's very likely. Lin Hongyu managed to rule the superpower City at the age of 30. It shows that she has no lack of means, ambition, and power. Would she surrender after one defeat?"
 “……”
 The crowd was in a heated discussion.
 Below, hou Xiaochen coughed lightly and slowly said,"Regardless of whether it is a trap or not, do you want to deal with Fengyun Pavilion first before dealing with SuperPower City?"
 Li Hao nodded.
  "Not good!" Hou Xiaochen shook his head. This is inappropriate! The city of superpower is at least on the surface while the wind cloud Pavilion is in the dark. The wind cloud Pavilion's power is not certain and it is hard to judge, but the city of superpower can at least judge. "
 "Furthermore, time is too tight. The city of superpowers will launch its attack in three days. Are you sure you can take down Fengyun Pavilion in three days? By then, we will be in trouble if we are caught and we will lose the opportunity to enter the city of superpower. "
 "On the other hand, the city of superpowers is clear. Once we capture it, we should quickly incorporate it into our forces. If Lin Hongyu and the others are incorporated, we can increase our combat power and deal with the unknown Fengyun Pavilion!"
 Hou Xiaochen replied in a deep voice,"let's be clear first!" The order could not be reversed. Once it was reversed, it would be a big problem! Also, it's best not to deal with the city of superpower's normal apostles first. Keep it a secret!"
 He looked at Li Hao and said,'we'll capture all the higher-ups in one fell swoop. With Lin Hongyu's cooperation, we can completely change the leader without anyone noticing! Don't be in a hurry to publicize it. That's when we'll establish a foothold in the past. What we need to do now is to fight steadily and not continue to create a sense of crisis for the nine divisions and other forces!"
 "So, we can't send too many people this time. We have to send as few people as possible. We have to leave as many people behind as possible. Over there, we have to be as fast and as quiet as possible."
 This was completely different from Li Hao's previous plans.
 But at this moment, Li Hao fell into deep thought and nodded.""I originally wanted to gather everyone and attack together. No matter how many schemes there are, I'm not afraid, but the Marquis wants us to...Keep a low profile?"
 "Right!"
 Hou Xiaochen sighed."It's enough to take down the upper echelons. As for the million-strong Army, we'll have to take it one step at a time. You haven't even completed your transformation into a night patroller. The night patrollers in the central region and the other provinces have not fully joined you yet. We need some time!"
 Was the dream of farming with millions of supers shattered just like that?
 Li Hao was a little depressed, but what hou Xiaochen said made sense.
 "Yes!" Chen Zhongtian also said,"to accept so many forces and so many supers at once, it is indeed very easy to be completely chaotic! Furthermore, the inspector's office has yet to complete the reorganization, and they're already in such a rush to reorganize the city ... I'm afraid it's too much for me. "
 “……”
 Everyone looked at him in a daze.  What did that mean?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com When did he say he was going to integrate the inspection Office?
 Chen Zhongtian was surprised,"didn't my son come last time?" I already said that if we take down the monster plant of the HU clan, my Inspection Division will join the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Why ... You ... Don't think my son is joking, right?"
 He cursed in his heart!
 The city of supers!
 He really knew how to steal business.
 He did not expect the city of superpower to join him so easily. Li Hao's problem now was that the city of superpower had expanded and absorbed too many forces, not a lack of manpower.
 Just as Chen Zhongtian had said, Li Hao would need some time to digest every restaurant he ate.
 If Li Hao made the superpower City his main target ... Then the inspector's participation would be of little value and troublesome.
 This won't do!
 What was Lin Hongyu thinking?
 Chen Zhongtian didn't expect such an outcome. At this moment, he had no choice but to bring up this matter. If this dragged on, the participation of the inspection Office would be meaningless.
 Chen Zhongtian saw everyone looking at him and smiled,""Currently, the star dynasty has 3216 cities, tens of thousands of villages and towns, and the inspection Office has branches all over the country. The total number of people is as high as 3.2 million! Although not all of them are supers, the existence of the inspection Division is the most basic force of law enforcement. It is a manifestation of social stability and is even more important than the military ... It is extremely necessary to gather the power of the inspection Division!"
 An inspection fee of 3.2 million was not considered a lot.
  The star dynasty had a population of ten billion.
 Silver City had a population of a million. Li Hao had worked in the inspection Office before, so he knew that even if it was to maintain basic public security, it was definitely not enough without 300 people.
 A population of one million, at the very least, required 300 Chief Inspectors. After all, there were towns and villages that needed to be managed. In fact, with such a small number of people, it was a little stretched.
 By this calculation, 10 billion would be 3 million.
 This was only to satisfy his basic needs.
 Hearing Chen Zhongtian's words, everyone looked at each other. Hou Xiaochen nodded his head,"The inspection Division is indeed an indispensable force. We can forgo the millions of supers in the superpower City, but without the three million Inspection Division, the world will be in chaos!"
 He didn't know when it started, but these people started to think about the world.
 Before that, he was only thinking about Silver Moon.
 Even hou Xiaochen himself had never thought that he would one day be in stellarsky city discussing the most important matters of the world.
 Seeing that hou Xiaochen agreed, Chen Zhongtian laughed, "That's right, so we have to take care of the inspector's office first. As for the city of superpower ... To put it bluntly, it doesn't matter if they die!"

 "A bunch of people who only know how to cultivate and do nothing. They don't need to maintain social order and will only cause destruction ... It doesn't really matter if we deal with them one day earlier or later."
 "Don't think that they're stronger, but ... It's useless!"
 He looked at Li Hao."Governor li, sometimes, usefulness doesn't depend on strength. It depends on The Division of Labor in Society!" You've been an inspector before, so you should know that once the inspection Office is in chaos, the entire city will be in chaos. "
 This question was in Li Hao's field of expertise. Li Hao nodded.""Then it'll definitely be chaotic! "Stealing, smashing, and robbing will happen in an instant. Without the law enforcement agency, it will be complete chaos. The night patrol is a transcendent law enforcement agency, and the inspection Office is the only law enforcement agency for ordinary people ... Not everyone is a bad person, but not everyone is a good person. Once one person stands out, it will lead to the people following suit!"
 He was quite familiar with this and instantly understood that the inspection Office was indeed extremely important.
 As for Chen Zhong Tian rushing to his door, he didn't say anything.
 Now, it seemed that the division of the nine divisions was indeed very reasonable, even if he thought that the financial division only knew how to collect money, in fact, it was of great importance.
 As for the criminal law Division, some of its functions had been replaced by the inspection Division and the night patrols. Therefore, after it disappeared, there were not many changes. Otherwise, it would have been a big problem.
 "Now, I will deal with the higher-ups of SuperPower City and take them down discreetly...Then, I don't need too many people ..."
 "If too many people go, it will attract attention."
  Li Hao took a deep breath and said,"how about this? if director Zhou and I go, who else will go?" Less than 10 people!"
 "I'll go," Chen Zhongtian said softly."I'm a free person, no one will care where I go."
 At this moment, he was also very helpless.
 Since when did the inspection Office become a problem when it joined a clan? Li Hao didn't even have time to digest it.
 Of course, this was also a good thing.
 This meant that he had made the right choice this time. Lin Hongyu clearly also felt that Li Hao was a King ... Well, the key was strength and backing. Li Hao had both, and with them and silver moon's support, Li Hao's chances of winning were very high.
 With the support of the inspector, Chen Zhongtian felt that Li Hao's chances of winning had increased by many times after taking down the city of superpowers.
 It was worth the investment!
 Yao si looked at hou Xiaochen,"night watchman, one of us will go. Do you want to go or should I go?"
 "I'll go, the Yao division is the core,"hou Xiaochen laughed.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yao si didn't say anything.
 "Then count me in," Hong Yitang said.
 Nan Quan also wanted to say something, but hou Xiaochen spoke up, "Don't go. You're too weak. "
 “……”
 Nan Quan wanted to curse, but hou Xiaochen continued, "You're still entangled with the royal family. The royal family is also paying attention to you. They won't think too much about it if we leave with Li Hao. As for the Fengyun Pavilion, we've been investigating it. It's not a big deal if a few people go, but if you go, it'll look like a war. "
 Wasn't the southern style used for fighting?
 If Li Hao and the others went, they could say that they were looking for him.
 Li Hao did some calculations. With him, Hong Yitang, hou Xiaochen, director Zhou, and Chen Zhongtian, the weakest hou Xiaochen would have five or six elements.  Yes, Minister hou was probably the weakest.
 However, he should have entered the six-elemental level, right?
 Li Hao wasn't sure, either. After obtaining the divine text, he couldn't see things too clearly. Besides, they were all on the same side, and he rarely looked at them with his eyes.
 If the Marquis troop also entered the six elements, then all of them would have the strength of six to seven elements.
 With such strength, he could even defeat a true Paragon.
 Should he take the little tree's clone with him?
 After all, if he really went there, he still had to be careful of those monster plants.
 What he was afraid of was that once the little tree's clone left and other monster plants came to investigate the Heavenly Star Town ruins, things would easily go wrong without the little tree to fool people.
 These Fey plants had known in advance that the coconut tree had died.
 There was one less monster plant clone!
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 It's a pity that general Huai didn't give me a clone.
 What a pity!
 At that moment, Tian Jian, who had been silent all this time, suddenly spoke, "I'll go with you. Also ... I'll go back to the heavenly Sword villa on the way. Li Hao, do you want to go?"
 "Me?"
 "Yes, to see a monster plant."
 Li Hao was stunned.
  "The heavenly Sword villa has been established and has become one of the seven great divine mountains. How could there not be any remains?" Tian Jian's face was calm.
 Li Hao was stunned.
 That's true!
 Tian Jian continued,"it's just that I usually don't like to ask for help when I have something on my side. I always settle it myself. I only exchange some spring water from the other party." The other party is not part of Heavenly Star town's system. This time, let's go and have a talk with him. After all, we have worked together for some years. If he is willing, then let's work together. If he is not willing ... Then let's just get rid of him!"
 Li Hao opened his mouth, but didn't say anything.
 The heavenly Sword Manor also had monster plants. This was something that he had not thought about before.
 This was because Tian Jian kept a low profile. He was usually the one who made a move.
 He had almost never brought a monster plant clone out, and he seemed to have very little spring of life. Li Hao even suspected that the heavenly Sword villa didn't have any ruins, and now he knew that there really were!
 "Sometimes it's troublesome not to bring a monster plant clone with you."
 Tian Jian said calmly,"but it's best if the guard of the Imperial Palace remains here!" Call Black Panther along. If we can congeal some illusionary figures like last time, we might be able to take down the monster plant if we go to the remains alone!"

 Black Panther!
 That guy has been searching Fengyun Pavilion recently. I don't know if he has returned.
 Li Hao thought for a while and nodded. Then it'll just be us, the others don't need to go over. "
 "Let's go to the heavenly Sword villa first ... Tell the public that we're going to the heavenly Sword villa to meet all the swordsmen in the world. Then ... We'll go to the city of superpower secretly!"
 Li Hao quickly made a decision.
 The other people present felt a little regretful, and so did the martial masters of the older generation.
 Not being able to fight was a huge loss to them.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. Everyone decided to leave early the next morning, so there was no need to hide anything.
 He was also waiting for Black Panther.
 ……
  After the meeting was over, Li Hao went to find Liu Long.
 He handed over the storage rings to Liu Long, who was even more miserable than Li Hao. At this moment, his eyes were about to pop out of their sockets!
 There were sky-covering shields, air-sealing chains, earth-drilling shuttles, aerial spaceships, and naval patrol ships ...
 He was stunned!
 Li Hao had actually found so many treasures in heaven battling city!
 It was too unbelievable!
 Li Hao didn't say much and handed him a set of silver armor.""Now that you've been promoted to a regimental commander, silver armor can effectively contact the thousands of Black Phoenix. With silver armor, it'll be easier to communicate, and your defense will be stronger."
 Liu Long was somewhat happy. One must know that he was only a Black Phoenix before.
 At present, Li Hao only had two bronze punishers, one Hong Yitang, and the other Southern Fist.
 The silver armor's defense was much stronger, and more importantly, he could contact the black armor and copper armor at will. This way, he wouldn't miss the opportunity to fight.
 "We are now the new 12th Division. You will be the leader of the 1st Division!"
 Li Hao laughed."You can use this formation in private. On the surface, it's still the original formation. In addition, I'll give you 20 sets of copper armor. You can distribute them according to your needs!"
 Liu Long hurriedly nodded!
 At this moment, he was extremely happy.
 "Boss," Li Hao said again,"you still have to work hard on your cultivation. Otherwise ... Although your Army is powerful, you'll be left alone one day."
 With the Army formation, in addition to the many good things they had gotten this time, the fighting strength of the Demon Hunter Army would have a great increase. However, as the captain, his individual strength was still too weak.
 Liu Long nodded his head solemnly. He also knew that his strength was too weak.
 If he hadn't followed Li Hao from the silver Blizzard city, he wouldn't even be in the top ranks.
 ……
 After Liu Long left, Li Hao pondered how to distribute the remaining nine sets of silver armor.
 The defensive power of the silver armor was useful to those below the absolute peak.
 This was the first reason.
 ? Secondly, having the identity of a Silver Phoenix would be of great help at times. He could also contact the other Black Phoenix at any time. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to do this.
 Moreover, when entering the ruins, as long as it was a proper city that recognized neo martial artists, the silver armor would be useful.
 As these thoughts flashed through his mind, Li Hao wasn't in a hurry.
 As for the superpower City, he had to make more preparations in case it was a trap.
 Even though the people going this time were all very strong, if a Paragon or undying...Would be a huge problem.
 'If I can't take the small tree with me ... Then ... What about the other things?
 For example ... A puppet?
  Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. The puppets of Yuanping martial arts university were not weak.  Other than hei Teng, the other puppets were all quite powerful.
 The puppet had lost its source, and its body was made of metal. Would it tear the void apart?
 Even if they did ... It was no big deal.
 His five elemental domain could also help them stabilize the nearby space.
 As soon as this thought flashed through his mind, Li Hao couldn't control himself.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Safety was more important!
 Just in case!
 ……
 Yuanping martial arts university.
 Black armor was furious!
 Here it comes again!
 Li Hao hadn't come for a week. He thought that Li Hao had stopped, but he came again.
 As soon as Li Hao appeared, BOOM!
 The void seemed to split open and a robot cat suddenly struck at him with its paw.
 Li Hao was startled and hurriedly fled.
 He instantly disappeared.
 The robot cat also disappeared in an instant. With a boom, it seemed to break the void. Li Hao flashed and disappeared again.
 In the blink of an eye, he appeared behind hei Teng.
 Hei Teng was a little surprised. He glanced at Li Hao.
 "Alright, I'm done!"
 He shouted, and the robot cat stopped. It was a little unwilling."He touched me!"
 “……”
 Behind him, Li Hao was somewhat speechless. He remembered that before he left last time, he had touched this robot cat. It was just that it had a cute appearance, with a cartoon cat head.
 Whoever knew that he still remembered.
 Moreover, he was not weak.
 There was no such thing as martial arts or battle techniques, it was just pure strength.
 The power of a puppet!
 Hei Teng was also speechless. After a while, he said, "I'm just touching a lump of metal. It's not like that's your body,"
  “……”
 The robot cat shut itself up. These words were too hurtful. It instantly returned to the school gate and stopped moving. Together with the other cat puppets, it became the doorposts.
 Li Hao wiped away his non-existent sweat, feeling a little scared. He glanced at hei Teng and said telepathically,"Senior, could this be the female martial artist from back then?"
 “……”
 You also know that!
 Hei Teng was also speechless,"what do you think?" Don't touch it for no reason!"
 When he died, he wasn't that old.
 She had been silent and in a deep sleep for so many years, and her personality was no different from before. How could she not hit him when he touched a young lady in her twenties?
 "Is there something?"
 "Yes, the 9th Division commander of heaven battling city's reserve forces asked me to tell you that heaven battling city is still working hard to activate it and leave the land of Silver Moon to return to the origin world,"

 "He's still here?"
 Hei Teng was a little dazed.
 Li Hao nodded."Yes, I am. Senior, do you know me?"
 Nonsense!
 "He didn't kill you?" hei Teng asked after some thought.
 "What?"
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment. Hei Teng said indifferently,""I say, why didn't he kill you?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless. Why?
 I didn't even provoke them, why would they kill me?
  Of course, I was beaten up twice, but it wasn't to the extent of being killed.
 Seeing his expression, hei Teng knew that this guy probably didn't know, so he didn't say anything more. He nodded slightly. "He's thinking too much. If I was alone, I might really be in despair, but I know ... I still have a responsibility!"
 He didn't care about it, but these puppets were all his students, the descendants of venerable sovereigns, and the human King's most loyal supporters. He had to bring them back.
 Li Hao might not have mentioned these students, or they would have known that he would not give up.
 Even if he was desperate and unwilling, he would not give up.
 Because ... They were still there.
 "Is there anything else? Did you revive the locust tree before?"
 "Senior also knows?"
 "I can sense a little."
 "Reviving the locust tree isn't a good choice," hei Teng said calmly. "This fellow's family ... Forget it, let's not talk about right and wrong." The eight great protector clans are all the core forces of the new martial arts. They should be trustworthy. "
 As for whether or not there was a betrayal, he didn't want to say it, and he didn't want to guess.
 Perhaps there was, but ... Without any evidence and making wild guesses, it would cause the other main cities to be at odds with each other.
 Li Hao also vaguely understood some of it. Director Zhao had said the same thing before.
 He didn't mention much, just keeping it in mind.
 "Senior, I want to go out and do something, but it's not safe. I need a senior or a few seniors to help me. I want to take them out." He directly explained his intention.
 "Don't even think about it!"
 Li Hao frowned slightly and thought, is he afraid that the space will be shattered? I've mastered a domain, and I can isolate the power of space shattering. "
 "No, they're just puppets," hei Teng replied calmly."Without their Dao of origin, they're just made of sturdy materials. They won't cause space to shatter unless they attack. Even if they do, space may not be able to cut them apart!"
 "Then ..."
 "But you're not qualified!"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 "They're all reserve fiend guards,"hei Teng said calmly." Other than the principal and the human King, no one has the right to command them. "
 Li Hao was speechless. After a long while, he said,"you misunderstood. I'm not commanding. I'm inviting you to go on a walk with me!"
 “……”
 Black Phoenix was speechless.
 Li Hao shouted again,"seniors, is anyone willing to go for a walk?" The outside world is wonderful. It's too boring here!"  In an instant, hundreds of puppets appeared.
 No one made a sound.
 However, the giant heads all looked over.
 Even the robot cats at the door were no exception.
 The one who had beaten Li Hao up also stuck out his big cartoon head.
 Hei Teng glanced at Li Hao and said calmly,""They are puppets. I've said it before. Also, even if they go out, the puppets 'energy will be exhausted. Don't think that they can naturally fight and need a large number of energy stones. "For example, the one who just beat you up. If he goes all out in a battle for five minutes, he'll consume at least 500000 energy stones."
 Li Hao was stunned. 500000. The ancient civilization's 500000 would be 5 million divine energy stones!
 This ... Such a huge consumption?
 Moreover, it could only be maintained for five minutes, which meant that one minute would cost one million divine energy stones!
 Li Hao's head almost exploded. Did he consume so much energy?
 It seemed that everything in the ancient civilization needed energy to start.
 That's right, without energy, how could he explode?
 "Then ... How strong are they?"
 "I'm stronger than you!"Hei Teng replied.
 “……”
 He was speechless. Of course, he could feel it.
 "Will it be consumed during normal times?"
 "Very few,"
 "Also, I'm just saying this," hei Teng said indifferently."Li Hao, you have many ideas, but let me remind you that if you really want to take someone away, and if someone goes missing or something happens to someone ... I'll take revenge on you. I'll even send an order to the entire land of Silver Moon to have all the existences of the new martial era to annihilate you! Don't you play with fire!"
 He felt that Li Hao was overthinking.
 The puppets here were not real puppets. They were all students of the school and had great backgrounds. Li Hao could not bear the responsibility if they were taken out by Li Hao and lost or the puppets were broken.
 Li Hao was instantly speechless!
 So brutal?
 This person might really not be joking!
 Previously, little tree had also said that this person might be able to command the eight major cities.
  He was only here to look for help, not a nanny. Li Hao said,""Then forget it ..."
 At this moment, the hundreds of puppets all looked at Li Hao.
 It seemed to be malicious!
 You called us out to take us on a walk, and you're letting it go?
 Are you playing with us?
 In the blink of an eye, hundreds of puppets appeared around Li Hao. None of them spoke. They either clenched their fists or held weapons, as if they were going to kill Li Hao.
 "You're the one who caused this,"hei Teng said indifferently."I've already told you not to mess around."
 Li Hao was helpless."It's not that I don't want to take you out. It's the Dean who doesn't want me to. I can't do anything about it!"
 Why are you staring at me?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com In the next moment, the puppets all turned to hei Teng. Hei Teng said indifferently,""Why are you going out? You can't eat or drink. If you go out and lose it, you can't come back, and it's broken ... What should we do?"

 "Teacher ..."
 "Don't plead, it's useless!"
 "Don't go crazy with this guy," hei Teng said coldly."He has his own goals. What do you have?"
 "But ... If junior becomes stronger, he can open the Stargate!"
 “……”
 Hei Teng was speechless. A junior just like that?
 Learn, my ass!
 After a long time, hei Yao looked at Li Hao."Are you really going to take them away?"
 Li Hao swallowed his saliva. I wanted to say, no need, can I?
 I was just saying it.
  However, he felt that if he said no now, he would be beaten to death by the puppet.
 Also, didn't black Phoenix reject him directly?
 Why ... Are you asking me again?
 Continue to be tough and don't allow them to go out!
 Seeing that he was silent, hei Teng said indifferently,"If you insist on provoking them, then how about this? I'll take the two of you out to have a look. I'll be back after a round. Don't run around."
 He then looked around."You two, no more. Besides, I won't allow any more!"
 Just as Li Hao was thinking this, the next moment, BOOM!
 An explosion sounded!
 In an instant, hundreds of puppets fought with each other. Some of them were sent flying, and some crashed heavily at Li Hao's feet. With despair and unwillingness, they said,""I can't get out!"
 Li Hao was dumbfounded.
 What was this?
 "Choose the person," hei Teng said calmly.
 Is this how you choose people?
 These puppets did as they were told!
 He didn't hesitate at all!
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 The loud sounds continued, and in the blink of an eye, over a hundred puppets were shot out, smashing into the ground one by one, causing the earth to crack.
 Li Hao was dumbfounded!
 After a long time, there were only about ten puppets left in the field.
 To Li Hao's surprise, he saw that out of the dozen puppets, four of them were robot cats.
 Was the robot cat more powerful?
 "These cat armors are made of better materials," hei Teng said indifferently. "Back when the puppets were being made, the other puppets were casually made. The principal made the cat armors himself."
 So that was how it was!
 BOOM!
 Under Li Hao's surprised gaze, the four cat puppets joined forces and sent the other seven or eight puppets flying. In the blink of an eye, there were only four cat puppets left on the field.
 Li Hao thought that a great battle was about to break out.
  In the next moment, the cats all made their moves ... Rock, Paper, Scissors!  Li Hao was stunned.
 The four Paladins kept throwing punches, scissors, paper ... Under Li Hao's dazed gaze.
 In less than 10 seconds, the two Paladins left in frustration.
 The remaining two appeared in front of Li Hao in an instant, looking very excited.
 Li Hao looked at the puppets on the ground, then at these two ... Was one of them the one who beat him up?
 He didn't recognize them, because they were all similar.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com They had just fought for a while, and it was a little chaotic, so he wasn't sure.
 "Are you two sure you want to go out?"
 "Get out!"
 The two Paladins were extremely determined. Definitely!
 He was about to die of grievance here.
 Hei Teng sighed and glanced at Li Hao.""Do as you see fit. If something goes wrong ... You'll be in trouble! Why must you seek trouble for yourself?"
 Li Hao was helpless. He wanted to refuse.
 "But things have already come to this. If I refuse, can I still leave?
 Hei Teng didn't say anything more and calmly said,"After we get out, follow him and don't run around! Although you're all puppets, and the space cutter might not cut you into pieces, it's hard to say. If you're captured and torn apart, I won't be able to save you. "
 "Also, when you go out, don't talk nonsense. Be careful. The human heart is unpredictable!"
 "Finally, don't make a move. Don't make a move just because this guy told you to. Ask him about the situation. He is a person of the new era, and you are neo martial artists. Do you understand?"
 "Understood!"
 Li Hao was speechless, but since the other party had said it so openly, he could accept it.
 The next moment, before he could finish his thought, two feline robots grabbed his arms and supported him. One of the feline robots said anxiously,""Let's go. Why are you so inefficient?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was completely speechless. I'm not efficient?
 You must be joking!
 Also, why does your voice sound like the one who hit me just now? could it be you?
 Dragged by the two robot cats, Li Hao quickly disappeared into the ruins.
  After they had left, hei Teng sighed."Please don't cause me any trouble ... Seriously ... He doesn't know what's good for him. Li Hao, do you know that the people at Yuanping martial arts university are all troublemakers ... They're not easy to deal with."
 I'm not letting you take them away for your own good.
 "They're all a bunch of troublemakers. That's why they're here. Otherwise, do you think that there are no top martial arts universities in the main world?
 Were mcmau and ccmau just for show?
 Why did he come here?
 Out of sight, out of mind!
 You, on the other hand, are in such a hurry to take your people away. Even if you die, even if you're only left with a puppet, you'll still be difficult to deal with.
 "It's good that you've suffered a little. It's best if you don't dare to come here next time!"Hei Teng suddenly laughed.
 This fellow always came here for no reason. It was very annoying.
 It would be for the best if he suffered some losses and did not come again next time.

 Outside the ruins.
 The two feline robots, one on the left and the other on the right, were looking around curiously.
 Soon, he felt a little uncomfortable.
 "The energy is really thin," one of the feline robots said uncomfortably.
 "Yeah, it's really uncomfortable."
 "You're already dead, why are you so upset?"
 "Didn't you die too?"
 “……”
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The two robot cats were talking back and forth, and Li Hao almost couldn't tell who was who. In fact, he couldn't tell them apart anyway.
 "Cough cough ... You two!"
  "Call her Senior Sister!"
 Pa pa!
 One claw from each of them hit Li Hao's head. Li Hao dodged instantly, but he was still hit. This was somewhat unexpected.
 "Um ... How should I address you?" Li Hao was also speechless.
 There had to be a name.
 "I'm Jiang Yingli!"
 "I'm Li shengzhang!"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned. What kind of stupid name was that?
 "You two ... This ..."
 "What is this?"
 Li Hao couldn't tell who was who. He saw a robot cat say disapprovingly,""My family name is Jiang. I'm Jiang Yingli. My father's name is Jiang Yueli ... My family is from Star Town. My ancestor was one of the Kings of Star Town. This li has nothing to do with your family. I'm talking about another li."
 Li Hao was dumbfounded.
 This name ... Was really given so casually.
 On the side, Li Sheng Zhang said,""My family's Li is not from the same family as your family's Li. I'm the Li that the Jiang family wants to win over. However, my family doesn't want to compete with them. My ancestor was one of the great figures of Saturn. Another elder in my family is also one of the venerable sovereigns!"
 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless.
 "My ancestor wanted to compete with another venerable sovereign, the one from the Zhang family ..." Li shengzhang continued.
 Li Hao had a headache.
 Did the parents of these people name their children so casually?
 Both of them had venerable sovereigns at home?
 Li Hao, who had seen how powerful venerable sovereigns were, was also terrified. Back in the day, these people were typical second-generation descendants, the kind that no one dared to provoke.
 As for who he had touched before, he could not tell.
 Almost!
 Their backgrounds were all very big, but it was no longer neo martial, so it was useless to have a big background.
 Li ... Li Hao's heart skipped a beat."Li? isn't my family's ancestor the strongest?"
 Why don't you say that you're better than my ancestors?
 One of the feline robots looked at him and said,"What are you saying? Li, of course, my Li family will be the first. Your family will be more or less the second. It's my family's second venerable sovereign who won't participate ..."
 Good fellow!  Two venerable sovereigns?
 What about the Jiang family?
 Li Hao looked at the other robot cat.""Is what she said true? The Saturn li is number one?"
 "...Almost!"
 Jiang Yingli seemed to be a little unconvinced, but li shengzhang continued,""What do you mean by almost the same? Besides, your family's ancestor was my family's ancestor's adopted son!"
 "How many years has it been?"
 "No matter how many years it takes!"
 The two feline robots exchanged words. Li Hao was speechless. Wasn't it very quiet before?
 I asked for a name, and you two started fighting. What a headache.
 Before he could interject, Jiang Yingli suddenly said,""Oh right, I almost forgot. Who said that your family's surname is li? Do you even care about the venerable sovereign of ccmau?"
 "That's still not as strong as my family's patriarch!"Li Sheng Zhang said indignantly.
 "That was in the past, but it's hard to say what will happen in the future!"
 The two began to argue again. Li Hao sighed inwardly. My ancestor was so miserable. Li didn't seem to be ranked first. He was barely ranked second, so he could only be ranked third?
 How tragic!
 No wonder general Huai and the others looked at the sky speechlessly when I asked them if they could be in the top ten.
 "Let's go back first," he interrupted."By the way, Star Town ... Is it the sacred land of the ancient civilization?"
 "Of course!"
 "The 13 families of Saturn ... And then the 12 families, all very powerful! "There's more than one venerable sovereign. There are many venerable sovereigns. The start of the new martial era was started by the Chen and Chen families of Saturn. The Li family has always been in the center, while the Jiang family has been a bystander. "
 "Pfft, your family is the one who's just a bystander. The Jiang family has contributed a lot!"
 Li Hao was confused.
 "Wasn't neo martial started by the human King?"
 "No, it was started by the Shen and Chen families. Later, outside of star suppression city, the Supreme martial artist of the Zhang family supported the martial arts for many years. It was only later that the human King took over."
 Li Hao understood.
 So that was how it was!
 It turned out that the human King was not the first to activate neo martial arts. He had seen some in books, but it was not so clear.
 This time, it was clear.
 Star Town City was a Holy Land with 12 powerhouses. It was similar to SuperPower City. No wonder it was said to be a replica of Star Town City.
 Then, two of them started the new martial era.
  After that, the Supreme martial artist surnamed Zhang revived neo martial. After that, it was the ancient king who completely led the rise of neo martial.
 "Supreme martial artist Zhang ..." He said.
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat."Supreme ... Venerable sovereign. Are they the same?"
 These people seemed to address the others as venerable sovereigns, so why did they address this Supreme venerable?
 "Their strength might be the same, but their status might be different."
 One of the feline robots didn't bother hiding anything."The Supreme martial artist has a high status. The human King is the human King, and the Supreme martial artist was once the human Emperor. Even the human King said that he was the king of new martial arts, and the Emperor of new martial arts is Supreme martial artist Zhang. It's just that the Supreme martial artist doesn't care too much about these things."
 "That's why my family has to win against the Zhang family. It's because my family's other venerable sovereign was ranked higher than Supreme venerable Zhang in the past ..."
 “……”
 Li Hao was speechless and had a headache.
 However, he did know that these two had great origins. They were often human Kings and venerable sovereigns.

 In front of these people, his own ancestor didn't seem to be ranked. It was a little pitiful.
 He didn't care about this. He quickly said,"the two senior sisters have come out. You must be obedient. Otherwise, it will be very troublesome!"
 Black Phoenix would definitely find fault with him.
 Of course, since he had already come out, he naturally would not send him back. After all, he would still be a part of his combat power.
 Moreover, the key point was that if these two didn't make a move, they wouldn't cause any changes. They didn't have an origin either. If they were left there, they would be no different from iron blocks. This was good enough.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He quickly took out two long cloaks and said,"senior sisters, put these on!" It's more convenient. "
 The two robot cats were not small, they were like big round buckets.
 He put on the cloak and almost covered his big head.
 However, at this moment, he didn't look funny anymore. He just looked a little chubby.
 They were like two fat men!
  Li Hao coughed and said,"in order to keep your identities a secret, please don't talk nonsense. I won't call you Senior Sister anymore. I don't want others to find out your identities and do bad things."
 "The two of you ... Why don't we call you the black White twin demons?"
 "One of them is called the black demon general, and the other is called the White Demon general?" Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 This!
 The two feline robots were not happy!
 What kind of stupid name was that?
 "Don 't!"
 "I don't like that name," Jiang Yingli said immediately."We used to have group names in school!"
 "Right!"
 Li Sheng Zhang interjected.
 "What?"
 Li Hao was curious. There was a group name?
 "The double beauties of the chaotic world!"
 “……”
 Li Hao rolled his eyes.
 Was the name of this group something to be proud of?
 "Let's call them the black White twin demons!"
 Li Hao made the final decision,"otherwise, I'll immediately send you back!" Jiang Yingli is a black demon general, and Li shengzhang is a white demon general!"
 The two of them were a little unhappy.
 However, Li Hao threatened to send them back, so they became obedient.
 He didn't want to go back immediately.
 The remains were too small.
 It had not been easy for them to recover a little, and they were no longer trapped in the darkness. Who would be willing to stay there all the time?
 Li Hao didn't care too much. As he walked back, he asked,""The two of you ... Can only use your physical bodies to hit the enemy? Can we still use secret Arts and martial skills?"
 "I can 'T. I can use martial skills, but I can't use secret skills. Many of them require the cooperation of Qi, blood, spirit, and origin. Without these, I can only rely on martial skills to fight."
 Li Hao nodded slightly. In that case, he didn't have much strength left.
 "Then ... What was your strength like in the past?"
 "Undying."
 Jiang Yingli said directly,"among us students, a portion are undying, while the rest are paragons. Naturally, we are both undying!."
 "You guys weren't that old back then, were you?" Li Hao gasped.  Judging from their childish behavior, they might be very young.
 "Of course!"
 "We are geniuses!"
 "I am, you are not. You relied on your ancestors and grandfather to get to this point ..."
 "Aren't you the same?"
 “……”
 The two of them exchanged words and dug out the other party's old secrets.
 The second and third generations were indeed different. These people used imperishable substances to temper their bodies when they were young and bathed in life essence. They were born as rank-8 back then and could easily comprehend the origin. They would be able to step into the apex soon.
 Li Hao also sighed."It's a pity that I was born too late. I didn't have such a good time."
 "You can't be born at that time," Jiang Yingli whispered."Your Li family ... Is very poor!"
 “……”
 These words ... It can't be, right?
 "My ancestor was a Sword Saint."
 "Venerable the sword is very powerful ... But he's probably the poorest venerable sovereign."
 Jiang Yingli whispered,"in every battle, venerable the sword consumes ten times or even a hundred times more than others. If it wasn't for the human King's constant subsidy ... Venerable the sword would have sold his sword to make a living."
 “……”
 Li Hao knew a little about this, so when he saw it, the blood Emperor also said that it would consume too much energy if he persuaded his ancestor to absorb the world.
 But ... He was so poor that he had to sell his sword?
 Was there a need to?
 Li Shengfang also whispered,"the principal also secretly subsidized a lot. Otherwise, it is said that the sword venerable can't afford to eat."
 It was getting more and more mysterious!
 You're saying it as if the Li family ancient city is about to starve to death?
 However, did the king and his sister receive a lot of allowance?
 In that case, their relationship was not bad.
 "Each clan must have given a lot of subsidies, right?"
 "After all, the venerable sword protected everyone back then ..." Jiang Yingli whispered.
 Li Hao pricked up his ears. Although it was gossip from tens of thousands of years ago, it was not bad to hear about it. Did that mean that his ancestor had a good network?
 Seeing that Li Hao was eavesdropping, Jiang Yingli didn't mind. She said casually,""When the sky war broke out in new martial arts, the human King said that he wanted to leave some people as seeds of revenge and the inheritance of civilization. Venerable the sword did not participate in that war. He led the elites of each family and retreated to a place. There, they also encountered many dangers and protected everyone. Therefore, everyone is very respectful to venerable the sword ..."
 "Retreat?" Li Hao was startled.
  "Yes."
 Li Hao frowned slightly. They retreated?
 As a swordsman, how could he not participate in the war?
 "It was the human king who asked venerable sword to retreat. The human King trusted venerable sword the most back then ..."
 So it was like this.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. It was just gossip. He couldn't be bothered to get to the bottom of what had happened in the past. It was too long ago.
 Li Hao returned to the star military governor's office with the two chatterboxes.
 Everyone was surprised. Who ... Were these two?
 Everyone was waiting for Li Hao's return. When they saw the two caped fatties, they were all confused.
 However, he soon realized something.

