fileno%d
ned rose thorns, bastard, trying to monopolize the giant Mine ... And those bastards, stupid guys. If the nine of us don't cooperate, we'll only end up benefiting that guy. Is that rose that easy to mess with?"
 "Foolish!"
 It was a monster plant that could not participate in the battle. It was very angry. The nine monster plants had reached an agreement in the past to join forces to fight against rose thorns, but today, a few of them had betrayed their previous Alliance agreement.
 He was simply hateful!
 After scolding rose thorns for a while, he started to scold others."That hateful Chen Zhongtian, he's a piece of trash. Why did rose thorns come to an agreement with these guys and not you? it must be that you, a piece of trash, fell out with the other nine divisions ... Bastard!"
 Recently, Chen Zhongtian didn't come here anymore and didn't provide it with divine power stones. Other than the bargaining that was previously discussed and after he didn't agree to it, this bastard didn't appear anymore.
 Damn it!
 Without my support, would you have been able to reach where you are today?
 You're still bargaining!
 After cursing for a while, he seemed to have sensed something. He looked at the other side of the black fog in confusion. Just now ... He felt a little scared. What happened?
  ……
 At another location.
 Director Wang's figure appeared. He looked at the black mist and exclaimed,""I hope he hasn't recovered too much. Otherwise ... It'll be hard to kill him!"
 If all of them were to awaken, the other party would also be an undying, and it would not be so easy to kill him.
 Of course, just because it wasn't easy didn't mean that it couldn't be killed.
 As a powerful human in the main city, he would not be afraid of these wild demons.
 Even though it was The Guardian plant of the Heavenly Star Town back then, its inheritance was a mess. For undyings like this, he could easily take on three of them.
 ……
 At the same time.
 The red fir tree warned the date tree beside him,""You better behave yourself. Let's cooperate properly, understand? "As you can see, even that Lord has come to seek refuge with Governor li. If we succeed this time, both of us will benefit. If we fail ... You know the consequences!"
 The little date tree was not afraid of it. Its mind fluctuated, and it sneered,""I don't need you to warn me. Besides, you've been targeting me all this time. If you have the guts, go target the Emperor guards."
 Targeting you?
 Hong Shan cursed in his heart. Don't you know what your avatar did back then?
 I haven't even said that I don't want to do it, and you're already giving me false information. You want Li Hao to bring you out to kill the monster plants, which makes me seem very evil.
 As for the Emperor guards ... Go to hell!
 Putting aside the fact that he was the leader of the monster plants supported by Li Hao, the key point was that he had the projection of the Imperial Palace, which he knew. Moreover, the status of the guards of the Imperial Palace was too high. Who wouldn't give him some face?
 Didn't they see director Wang ignore them, but was much more polite to the Emperor guard?
  Even if neo martial was gone, everyone was a remnant of neo martial, so they still had to talk about status.  It was normal that the Imperial Guards had a higher status than it, and it was the guard of the communication tower, so its status was higher than the date tree.
 Of course, Fengyun tower's status was good in the past, but not now. The other party was now a captive, and their status was lower than that of the date tree. This was the reality.
 The Redwood thought to itself, and the more it looked at the date tree, the more displeased it was.
 This time, it had joined forces with the other party to take care of a monster plant.
 ,m As for the Emperor guard, he had brought two puppets and eight weak monster plants to deal with the last one. From the looks of it, his side was the weakest, and he could not guarantee that they could take him down.  If he failed ... Then he would be in real trouble.
 As it was thinking, a figure appeared. The Redwood was shocked. Li Hao had come in person.
 Yes, at this moment, Li Hao had come in person.
 He was also worried about this side. At least there was still a corner of the Imperial Palace on the little tree's side. In addition, there were many monster plants fighting with their lives, so there was still hope in dealing with one person. But here, this redwood tree was clever and cunning, afraid of death. The little date tree was not considered strong and was a little weak.
 With such strength, it was hard to say if he could take down one.
 Once something went wrong, it would reveal the strength and purpose of their side.
 At this time, everything outside had temporarily settled down.
 Li Hao had come in person with Black Panther, hoping that the plan would go smoothly.
 The Black Panther's bloodline power was not weak either.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "This is ... The territory of the Department of Internal Affairs."
 According to the information provided by Chen Zhongtian, Li Hao quickly determined his destination. This place used to be the energy management Department of Heavenly Star Town, one of the core institutions.
  And this place, The Guardian plant was a sunflower. It seemed to have been at the early immortal realm in the past.
 The Department of Internal Affairs had provided the other party with divine power stones, but it was not easy to confirm. It was also not easy to determine how much the other party had recovered. Also, it was not certain whether the Department of Internal Affairs had arranged a large number of powerful figures in the relic.
 However, the MU family's father and son were at the top of the Internal Affairs Department. It was impossible to determine if there were any experts below.
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Li Hao took a deep breath, looked at the black mist, and then at the Black Panther.""Later on, you'll eat this black mist ... Swallow it. Then, we'll attack together and end the battle quickly. We won't leave anyone alive!"
 The two monster plants quickly responded.
 Li Hao waited for a while. Some broken armors appeared and quickly sent a message. Director Wang and black Phoenix were fine. Li Hao also gave Black Phoenix to little tree as a communication Jade, so he should be able to receive the message.
 In the next moment, a message was sent from Li Hao's armor."Attack!"
 BOOM!
 As soon as the news was out, a loud boom was heard in the distance. A barrier was shattered. It was the area where hei Teng was.

 On the other side, Li Hao's group also attacked.
 The Black Panther instantly transformed, and a large golden dog appeared, swallowing the black mist in one gulp.
 "Who is it?"
 In an instant, on the other side of the black fog, a sunflower was swaying in the wind, somewhat vigilant. Who was destroying the chaos source?
 In the next moment, the chaos Origin Energy dispersed with a loud rumble.
 A few figures appeared.
 "Who are you?"
 Sunflower was shocked!
 It wasn't rose thorns, it wasn't any monster plant that he was familiar with, but two unfamiliar monster plants, a dog, and a person. Where did these people come from?
 Near the sunflowers, a few figures also appeared. They were all shocked. The next second, they were all shocked."Li Hao ..."
  BOOM!
 A beam of sword light shot into the heavens and earth. With a boom, the figures were shattered.
 At this moment, Li Hao would not show any mercy.
 If his plan was ruined by these people, it would be a great loss.
 "Kill!"
 "Break!" With a loud roar, the Redwood tree also risked its life and instantly produced a large number of branches that pierced through the sky and earth, sealing off the sky and earth in all directions. The little date tree also shot out tens of thousands of dates, directly piercing through the void!
 Not only that, the two monster plants did not hesitate at all. Their great Dao of origins appeared directly and suppressed the surroundings.
 Earlier on, because the Redwood tree was reluctant to use its origin, it was scolded by Li Hao once. This time, it learned its lesson and used its full strength. The great Dao of origin emerged instantly and suppressed the void!
 The Black Panther drew out its blood and turned into a single Golden Horn. The power of lightning gathered on the horn and exploded rapidly, striking towards the sunflower!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Demon subduing envoy ..."
 The sunflower turned pale with fright. It had not expected the other party to fight to the death as soon as he appeared. Using the great Dao of origins was not very useful in this era, but once it was used, it meant one thing ... He was going to cut off your great Dao and not even let your origin go. This was a sign of a battle to the death.
 It turned pale with fright and instantly went all out.
 Even though he was extremely surprised and shocked, at this moment, he couldn't care about anything else in order to survive.
 "Wind, come!"
 With a low shout, a hurricane started to blow in the world, and Thunder instantly exploded.
 The five elements prison appeared and instantly enveloped the other party.
 The sunflowers shot out countless sunflower seeds, which struck the five elements domain. However, the domain's ripples did not shatter. The sunflowers felt as if they had lost their connection with heaven and earth.
 BOOM!
 Li Hao's starry sky sword appeared and slashed down. At the same time, a mirror also appeared. The sunflower suddenly became absent-minded and could only see sword shadows in all directions.
 In a battle between experts, this momentary daze was enough to kill.  The Redwood tree was extremely anxious. Countless branches pierced in all directions. Not only that, but it even transformed into its human form and punched at the other party. It couldn't let Li Hao look down on it.
 In the past, it felt that Li Hao needed it, but after director Wang appeared, it felt that its status had dropped.
 When hei Teng appeared, it felt that it was no longer important. At this moment, it could only hug onto hei Teng's thigh tightly. Otherwise, it would be eliminated.
 BOOM!
 With all the experts working together, the Black Panther's lightning was the first to strike. With a crack, the Golden leaves were instantly shattered, and the sunflower screamed as it was struck by a sword. A sword mark appeared, and a bloody wound appeared on the main stem, from which blood dripped down.
 The Redwood punched out, its branches locking onto the other party. With a crack, a heart-like thing appeared on the branch.
 Hong Mu was overjoyed!
 This time, the great merit is mine.
 This was the heart of life. It was just taking a gamble, and as expected, it was here.
 Just as it was about to break through, a date tree suddenly appeared. The power of the origin surged wildly, and the imperishable substance exploded directly. A sword intent burst out from the date tree!
 Kachaa!
 With a crisp sound, the heart of life shattered.
 Hong Mu was furious!
 Bastard!
 This little thing actually stole the credit!
 However, it couldn't care about this anymore. The great Dao of origin fluctuated wildly. In the void, the great Dao of origin that faced the sunflower also appeared instantly. With some despair and unwillingness, it roared,""Why did you kill me ..."
 In the first exchange, its true body had been shattered, and its heart of life had been broken. At this moment, it was incomparably angry and also incomparably desperate.
 It thought rose thorns was looking for it.
 It wanted to roar a few times to tell the few monster plants nearby that someone might come to save it.
  But the next moment, it was stunned.
 In the distance, an afterimage appeared, and the great path of origin trembled violently. A fist silently smashed down, and with a muffled bang, the great path was instantly shattered.
 He was dead!
 He died even faster than sunflower. Sunflower was stunned.
 In the distance, hei Teng broke his opponent's great Dao of origin with a punch and turned to look at Li Hao. Although he was far away, he seemed to have seen what was happening. Seeing that the sunflower was only a Phantom of the great Dao, he couldn't be bothered with it and instantly disappeared.
 He had another mission. As the most powerful person in the area, after killing the monster plant, he had to kill all the humans in the area where the monster plant was.
 The military law Department and the Division of Administration might have people working there.
 Although Li Hao's men had isolated the area above, making it difficult for these people to get out, Li Hao still decided to kill them.
 As for Li Hao, he didn't care about what was happening on the other side.
 It was normal for hei Teng to kill his opponent at the first opportunity.

 Li Hao growled again, and a powerful sword intent emerged. He slashed at the void origin, and the opponent's great Dao of origin trembled violently. But at this time, the two monster plants also exerted all their strength. Their origin burst forth, and they fixed their great Dao of origin in the void.
 The starry sky sword was much stronger than before. With a slash, the great Dao was broken with a crack!
 The sunflower was in complete despair, and its illusory form collapsed. It was somewhat unwilling to accept this."You ... Won't have a good ending. We were able to live back then because the other party intentionally allowed us to. The powerhouses in the city might have all recovered long ago ... Do you think you can win?"
 Li Hao's heart moved.
 Just as he was about to ask a question, the other party laughed bitterly, and with a crack ... The illusory figure completely collapsed.
 Li Hao frowned slightly, but didn't think about it.
 If he died, then he died!
 As for which city this was, and why they had left these monster plants here, they would find out sooner or later.
 "Go and help the others!"
 "Go and help the Emperor guards!" Li Hao quickly said.
  The two monster plants immediately flew toward the Imperial Guards without a word.
 In the distance, the shadow of an Imperial Palace appeared and suppressed a rose. That was the little tree's origin great Dao. However, at this moment, these people were suppressing an undying. It was slightly more difficult. The main reason was that the eight monster plants were relatively useless and had not recovered much.
 Even further away, director Wang punched into the air and roared in anger.
 It wasn't worth mentioning that hei Teng had killed his opponent in the first instant, but Li Hao had actually been faster than him ... This was too hurtful to his pride!
 At this moment, the shadow of a huge shield appeared on his body. A turtle loomed and completely ignored all the attacks. In the blink of an eye, a Big Willow tree was smashed into pieces!
 When the opponent's Dao appeared, director Wang even threw out the city Lord seal. Although it didn't have the power to kill a great saint, the city Lord seal appeared and instantly destroyed the Dao.
 Director Wang hollered once more and punched out hundreds of times. The void was shaking and in the blink of an eye, there was a loud boom. The path was broken and a scream was heard!
 Out of the four battles, three had ended in the blink of an eye.
 As for hei Teng, he instantly appeared in various places. With a light slap, he killed one human after another. His speed was so fast that the other party didn't even see his figure.
 The people left behind by the organizations were only for communication purposes. They were not strong at all. If they were experts, they would have been taken away long ago.
 In the blink of an eye, they were all killed by hei Teng.
 On the Emperor Guard's side, the few monster plants that had surrendered had also gone crazy. They did not even care about their Origin Energy dissipating as they erupted one by one. They wanted to kill the other party before the Redwood and the rest arrived!
 Otherwise ... He would be in deep trouble this time.
 Under the situation where many monster plants were fighting with their lives on the line and with the help of two puppets, little tree was also unwilling to give up. He also did not want anyone to come to his rescue. The next moment, the Thearch Palace trembled. With a rumble, a faint shadow that looked like a cat even appeared above the Thearch Palace.
 With a crisp crack, the great Dao of the fey plant that was resisting it was instantly suppressed and then began to collapse!
 In the blink of an eye, the other party was killed on the spot.
 The little tree instantly put away the illusionary Imperial Palace. It was a little weak, and its branches and leaves swayed. Looking back, it saw the Redwood and the little date tree that had just arrived. It was somewhat fortunate that it had killed them before they arrived.
 Otherwise ... It would be too embarrassing.
 It should be known that Li Hao had made it the leader of the monster plants.
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the outside world.
 On the side of the financial division, an old man suddenly frowned. It was the old Secretary of the financial division. He looked at the backyard, just now ... There seemed to be a fluctuation overflowing from the ruins.
 However, at this moment, there were people guarding there. They were worried that someone might sneak into the remains, so director Zhou was personally there.
 It was almost the same in other places.
 It was said that this was to prevent the hidden experts of the various families and to prevent the three big organizations from infiltrating. These experts were almost all stationed near the entrance of the ruins. The various families weren't too worried. If these people wanted to die, then they could go in by themselves.
  But at this moment ... Old Secretary Liu was a little confused. He looked back for a while. The fluctuation just now ... Was it from the monster plant?  He quickly walked to the back and saw director Zhou. He smiled,"Director Zhou, the financial division will fully cooperate. Director, why don't you go to the hall and sit ..."
 "No need!"
 Director Zhou's smile was bright."This time, the star Governor wants to investigate everything. I can't fail my duty. The old Secretary can't harm me. I'll just stay here and guard for a while."
 "Don't worry, old Secretary," he said with a smile."I won't enter your ruins rashly. Wouldn't that be courting death?"
 "I didn't mean it that way."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The old Secretary also smiled and didn't say anything, but he felt a little uneasy.
 Could ... Something have happened?
 ……
 The same scene also happened in the inspection Division, the Department of Commerce, and the Department of Internal Affairs.
 At the inspector's side, Chen Yao glanced at the relic behind him and didn't bother to care. He guessed in his heart ... Maybe that guy is dead. Who cares? it's that guy's fault.
 Over at the Department of Commerce, the old Secretary had died, but the current Secretary did not sense anything at all. He only felt that in the backyard, that old man Northern fist was very annoying and was constantly talking about his own rules.
 It was very annoying!
 ……
 On the Internal Affairs Division's side.
 Yao si and hou Xiaochen were in charge. The old Secretary of the Internal Affairs Division also looked towards the back courtyard and slightly frowned. Yao Si was there, while hou Xiaochen was in the main hall drinking tea with them.
 The current Secretary, mu hai, saw his father looking at the backyard and smiled,""Minister hou, if you don't mind me asking, my daughter isn't guilty of any major crime. When will the star military governor's office release her?"
 He then said meaningfully,"I have a daughter at an old age. My father also likes this granddaughter. If Governor li is willing to let her go, the Internal Affairs Division ... Everything can be discussed."
 Hou Xiaochen laughed heartily."There's no rush. Soon, soon!"
 The father and son looked at each other, both feeling uneasy.
 Today ... Was it really just to check the number of transcendents in all parties?
 Why were there some fluctuations in the backyard?
 ……
 The few families that had lost their monster plants caused quite a commotion.
 The few families that did not have any dead monster plants also had people guarding the entrance of the ruins. On the side of the royal family, the heaven sword and the earth-overturning sword were also guarding at the same time, not allowing anyone to enter or leave. It made the nearby kings and princes so angry that they could not restrain their anger and wanted to kill them.
 When had anyone dared to treat the imperial family like this?
  "Tian Jian, how long are you going to keep investigating?"
 Someone shouted in anger.
 "Yes!" Tian Jian was extremely straightforward."If we can find out that Governor li ordered us to retreat, then we won't investigate anymore!"
 “……”
 Everyone was furious!
 What the hell is this?
 If Li Hao asked you to investigate for the rest of your lives, would you not leave?
 At this moment, Nan Quan's loud laughter came from the hall. He was chatting happily with King Tian Xing, but no one knew what they were talking about.
 However, no one knew that Heavenly Star Town had already undergone countless changes.
 The four great monster plants were killed on the spot in the blink of an eye.

Chapter 1643 Chapter 287-trust_1In the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town.Everyone quickly gathered, but the eight monster plants of wind cloud tower did not come. At this moment, the eight monster plants were stationed in the area where the four great monster plants were previously.It began to absorb energy. Previously, it had been cut off for a moment, but at this moment, the absorption of energy resumed. The energy fluctuations in the city were activated again.At this moment, the corpses of the four monster plants were all in front of Li Hao.There were also many springs of life flowing.Li Hao put away all the spring water of life and looked at little tree.""Imperial Guard, devour the three monster plants 'trunks and absorb one-third of their Origin Energy. Senior jujube tree devoured the trunk of a monster plant and one-third of its power of origin, and senior Sequoia devoured the remaining power of origin. "The Emperor guard was a little embarrassed."That ... I ..."Li Hao said,"senior Imperial Guard's illusory Imperial Palace will be very useful. Besides ... Senior's level is low. You only have a chance of becoming undying after devouring these." Senior Sequoia and the others are all immortal beings, so they can't enter the sage realm even if they swallow it. They should make the best use of the resources. " "You're right, Governor!"Sequoia also hurriedly said.It was already satisfied.One-third of its Origin Energy was more than the origin Energy of a monster plant. It was still better than the eight monster plants that had surrendered, right?I'm very pitiful, and I can only absorb some energy now.Moreover, strictly speaking, these extra things were not its spoils of war. What it and the date tree had received had already exceeded all the spoils of war from the monster plant they had killed.The Emperor guard did not say anything else. He knew that he was still a little weak.Soon, a huge trunk appeared and branches extended out, devouring the three undying corpses.However, he still needed some time to digest what he had learned.The little date tree was also secretly happy, his heart jumping for joy.It didn't recover much before, but it was indeed an undying. Now, if it devoured the trunk of an undying monster plant and a large amount of Origin Energy, it could recover a lot, even to its peak.Even though it was not as strong as the Sequoia, it was not worse than the sunflower.Date tree was overjoyed. As expected, there was still a future for him following Li Hao.He was not like that Tian Jian, who was simply unreasonable.Li Hao didn't say anything else. He took some of the demon plant's fruits. They were all good stuff, but he couldn't care less about using them. He gave some of the spring water of life to director Wang and looked at hei Teng.Did Black Phoenix still need it?This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.comHei Teng didn't say anything. He hadn't used up too much energy before.At this moment, they all looked towards a certain area of the city. Over there, a huge ball of light appeared. It was caused by the city's array, and there were some energy fluctuations coming from it.Perhaps a battle had already broken out, but it should not be over yet.​ Li Hao didn't say anything. He just took out a mirror."If I use this to probe them, will they notice anything?" he asked hei Teng.Experts all had very strong perception."A replica of the book of wind and cloud?"Hei Teng quickly recognized the mirror.After thinking for a while, he said,"we can 't. There's a battle going on inside. The energy fluctuations are too strong. Even if we sense something, we'll think it's an enemy. Normally, weaklings can't sense it, but once we reach undying, we'll definitely be able to."Li Hao understood.As expected, the mirror had its limitations."It's mainly because you're too weak," hei Teng added."If I were the one in charge, even the Heavenly King might not be able to sense it. This thing is related to one's strength."Okay.Li Hao didn't care too much about the blow he had suffered.He looked in that direction, hoping to thoroughly investigate the strength of these people to avoid any problems.Although his side was quite powerful now, Li Hao still didn't know how strong hei Teng was. Besides, hei Teng could only be considered a one-time consumable. Without his physical body, once the energy absorbed from his body was used up, his combat strength wouldn't be that strong.Moreover, Li Hao didn't know if these experts were the only ones in the mine.At this thought, Li Hao no longer hesitated. The mirror floated in the air, and a large number of divine power stones poured into it. The mirror instantly burst out with light, which spread into the void and disappeared in the blink of an eye. A moment later, ripples appeared on the mirror.Dense light spots appeared.At the first moment, everyone looked at the Golden armor Warriors in the mirror.The light was like the sun.Li Hao frowned. He could roughly estimate the level of strength of those weaker than him, but this person was clearly much stronger than him. He couldn't make a judgment for the time being.However, there was an advantage. The few people around him were also within the scope of the investigation.Director Wang's figure appeared. In comparison, he was much weaker than the other party, while hei Teng ... Had almost no light. Li Hao looked at hei Teng, who said indifferently,""I've retained my spiritual power. This thing of yours can only detect life force. My life force isn't dense, so it's not accurate."Okay.He looked at director Wang, who looked into the mirror and said,""This guy ... Has really entered the sage realm! The kind that has just entered the Saint realm ..."Then, he looked at another ball of light. A rose appeared. He frowned and said,"Judging from the level of life force, rose thorns is slightly weaker than him, but the gap isn't too big ... There's a high chance that she's also entered the sage state."

 At this point, he furrowed his brows."The other monster plants are all weakening, but this rose thorns has become stronger. It's very strange!"
 For so many years, the monster plant had not been able to absorb any energy, so it was difficult for it to even sustain itself.
 But now ... The other party was even stronger.
 This was very puzzling.
 The Vice Commander-in-Chief was still considered normal. He was in the mine vein, so it was normal for him to be stronger than he was back then. However, the energy that seeped out was not enough to make rose thorns advance.
 Then, he looked at the other balls of light and continued,""There are four monster plants. Two of them are close to the peak of immortal realm, and the other two are about the same as the ones who were just killed."
 He then looked at the other balls of light and raised his brows."This mine guard, and the strong ones, these silver armor captains, a total of six people, five of them are close to undying, one of them is even undying! It seems that they are still alive. "
 As he said that, he frowned.
 The six silver armor and one golden armor were still alive.
 That's right, being alive meant that both his physical body and mind power were still there. The other party had the nourishment of the mine and was even stronger than before. He also had a silver armor undying being and five experts close to the undying realm.
  Apart from that, the bronze and black banners only flashed for a moment. There was no sign of life force, which meant that these people's physical bodies were really gone.
 He had not reached the peak in the past and had not been able to step into this level in recent years. Even if his golden body had been nurtured by energy, it would not be able to last for tens of thousands of years.
 The next moment, a few more figures appeared.
 Li Hao recognized one person: Qi Pingjiang.
 At this moment, Qi Pingjiang's vitality was actually not inferior to Li Hao 's. The others were about the same. Only the two old secretaries, gaogong and the Foreign Affairs Department, had much weaker vitality.
 "Qi Pingjiang, Zhao Tianyang, and Jiang Chen all have the power of seven elements?"
 Li Hao glanced at it and was a little surprised.
 However, he soon felt relieved. It was almost the same. Qi Pingjiang's casual attack had the power of the peak of six elements.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com But ...
 "Seven elements?" Li Hao frowned."Are they not going to go out?"
 "The seven branches of the modern human race are probably able to survive in the outside world," hei Teng said indifferently."The world has been much more stable recently. They probably sensed it. They should be thanking you."
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat."You mean, it was caused by the divine text?"
 "Probably."
 "The Heaven's Will has also sensed that the new world's great Dao is taking shape," hei Teng said calmly."Although it's only in its embryonic form, it has also released some restrictions. In addition, it's biased towards the modern human race. Therefore, it shouldn't be a problem for the modern human race to enter the so-called seven elements."
 Li Hao nodded.
 The mirror was still absorbing energy, showing the experts.
 There were two Saint realm experts, five undying, eight paragons and seven series experts, as well as a large number of black armor guards, bronze armor guards, two secretaries, and many black armor guards.
 This kind of strength was also top-notch.
  Li Hao checked his strength and was about to put away the mirror.  The mirror suddenly trembled, and a red shadow loomed and disappeared in an instant. The mirror also trembled, as if it had received a backlash, and instantly dimmed.
 Li Hao's expression changed.
 Hei Teng also looked into the distance and suddenly said in a deep voice,"Put away the mirror. There's something wrong with the mine. There might be an existence similar to me in the depths of the mine!"
 Li Hao hurriedly put away the mirror, and his expression changed.
 Hei Teng's voice was solemn."I can't detect the strength of his life force. Perhaps ... His body is decaying and his psyche is still there. Strange, there are still experts in the depths of the mine?"
 Li Hao, on the other hand, thought of the red color and suddenly frowned.""Ying Hongyue also seems to have the support of a similar powerhouse."
 The moment he said that, director Wang's expression changed,""The expert who attacked Heavenly Star Town back then ... Whose physical body is gone, and whose spirit energy is being nurtured in the mine vein?"
 His expression changed.
 This meant that the Vice Commander-in-Chief ... Had a problem.
 Previously, he had thought that the other party might not have betrayed them. Perhaps it was just a dereliction of duty back then. This time, they might not attack them. But at this moment ... He suddenly felt a little uneasy.
 Damn it!
 If that spiritual power was really left behind by the people who attacked the Heavenly Star Town, did the Deputy commander know about it?
 If he knew ... It meant that ... This fellow had betrayed them back then!
 At this moment, many doubts rose in his heart.
 If the other party had betrayed them, why did they leave behind the huge mine all these years?
 The giant Mine was here, why not take it away?
 Don't excavate?
  Also, how did these monster plants survive in the past?
 If he survived, did it mean that he had joined the other party? if he had, why did they fall out now?
 Many thoughts appeared in their minds.
 "The others might not have sensed the probing just now," hei Teng said in a deep voice."But this spiritual power ... It's very likely that it sensed it. We've alerted the enemy."
 Li Hao's eyebrows were so tightly knitted that they looked like a pile of grass.
 The situation of the giant Mine was more complicated than he had imagined.
 There were also many experts.
 Sage realm ... He had no way to deal with it.
 Li Hao took a deep breath."Both sides are very powerful. Strictly speaking, we're only on par with one side. If we rush over and both sides join forces to deal with us ... I'm afraid we won't be able to deal with them. Chief, you can't deal with two sages, right?"
 "It's not impossible," hei Teng said calmly."It's just that the divine power stones and spring of life you've provided are too little. Even if you double it, two Saint realm experts won't be a problem."

 “……”
 Just pretend I didn't say anything.
 There was still a lot of spring water of life, but the divine power stones were almost all used up.
 "Let's go. We'll talk when we get closer. "
 Li Hao had countless thoughts. These guys were so powerful ... If they didn't fight and instead joined forces to deal with him, it would be troublesome. They must have started fighting now, right?
 However, not a single expert had died. This was too much!
 He had already killed four monster plants, but these people had not killed many of them. Even the black armored Army was still alive ... What was going on?
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the depths of the mine vein, a red energy suddenly emerged and transformed into a human figure. He looked out and seemed to frown.
  After a moment of silence, he didn't care anymore.
 At this moment, a huge Lake appeared near the red shadow.
 In the lake, a body was floating.
 It glowed with a golden light as countless amounts of energy surged into it.
 Not only that, wisps of golden matter were floating about and were quickly absorbed into the lake. There were also many treasures floating in the lake, slowly shattering as the special energy gushed into it.
 In the lake, his physical body was getting stronger and stronger.
 The red shadow watched silently, waiting.
 As for the fluctuation just now, it was similar to the book of wind and cloud. Was it from the Hong family?
 He was not too sure.
 The red shadow didn't care much. In this era, whether it was the Hong family or the Fang family, they were nothing in this isolated small world.
 ……
 Outside the mine.
 The rumbling sounds continued.
 Rose thorns and the Golden armor kept fighting in the void. Rose thorns turned into an enchanting woman. She looked angry and said in a low voice,""I only want some energy from the mine. Give it to me and I'll leave!"
 It wielded a military spike-like weapon, which was transformed from the spikes on its body. Every time it attacked, it would tear the void apart. It was extremely powerful.
 The Golden armor was also a little uncomfortable.
 The powerful rose thorns could pierce through the void and even the Golden armor.
 Not far away, Jiang Chen and the others were gathering powerful energy in a ball of light. They turned it into various weapons and attacked the six silver armor guards. Together with the monster plants, they suppressed the six silver armor guards so much that they couldn't move.
 Even if the six silver hou were well-coordinated and even formed an extremely powerful military formation, it was still difficult for them to withstand the siege of the four great monster plants and the military law formation. At this moment, they were killed in a very sorry state.  In the distance, the two groups of black armored Army kept clashing.
 The imperial family's Black armored Army was not weak either. They were all elites.
 However, the thousands of black armored soldiers on the other side were also extremely powerful, far more powerful than the black Vatican in heaven battling city. Heaven battling city was too lacking in energy, but this place was not.
 The battle had already been going on for some time.
 However, the two sides were almost evenly matched. The Golden armor was slightly stronger than rose thorns ', but the battle formation activated by the four monster plants and Jiang Chen suppressed the six silver armor.
 If it wasn't for the fact that the monster plants 'recovery wasn't satisfactory, these six silver hou wouldn't even be able to stop them.
 Within the ball of light.
 Jiang Chen kept controlling the formation to form weapons. He attacked the silver hou with a cold expression. "I'm a descendant of the Jiang family, and I'm the current commander of the star Army's eighth division. You've gone against your superiors and ignored the military rules. It seems like you're going to betray us!"
 The strongest silver-armored warrior replied coldly,""The descendants of the Marshal will not work with Yao Zhi to seize the mineral vein. You are the one who betrayed us. We will not acknowledge your position as a teacher!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he growled and swept out with his spear, hitting a monster plant and forcing it to retreat continuously. He roared angrily,""You traitors! Neo martial will never be destroyed. When neo martial returns, you and the existence behind you will all die without a burial place!"
 BOOM!
 The battle became fierce in an instant. Jiang Chen's body shook slightly. He turned around to look at Qi Pingjiang and the others, and said in a low voice,""Unseal me completely. Are you still going to restrict me at this time?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Qi Pingjiang looked at Zhao Tianyang, and Zhao Tianyang nodded slightly.
 As soon as he finished speaking, two shadows appeared on Jiang Chen's body and disappeared instantly. Jiang Chen's aura rose sharply, and the power of the formation was 30% stronger in an instant!
 BOOM!
 The battle formation condensed into a human figure and instantly pounced toward the silver armor guards!
 Not far away, the Golden-armored man growled,""Form the formation!"
 BOOM!
  The thousands of black armored soldiers changed their formation in an instant. Waves of powerful energy gushed out and killed a large number of black armored soldiers in an instant. Jiang Chen's expression changed slightly. He glanced at Jin Lu.
 This formation was a little different from the previous ones. There was no such formation in the information the Jiang family had obtained. Had the Vice commander changed the formation?
 At this moment, rose thorns shouted again,""I told you, I just want some energy. Do you have to do this?"
 "As a traitor, you are not qualified to receive the support of energy," golden armor said coldly.
 "A traitor?"
 Rose thorns laughed coldly and sneered,""You should also say the same to yourself. You are the biggest traitor!"
 Jin Lu coldly replied,"no matter what you say, you won't be able to shake us!" It's our duty to guard the mine. Rose, give up. As long as we're here, it's impossible for you to steal the mine!"
 "Bastard!"
 Rose thorns was furious and became more and more maniacal. A powerful force swept in all directions and she roared,""You stupid guys, Sun Xin is the biggest traitor. You work for him. If your army commander was still alive, he would have been angered to death by you. How could neo martial have such stupid Regiment commanders?"
 Rose thorns cursed angrily, and she was cursing at the Silver Phoenix.

 These silver puppets were also very powerful.
 They were all from the military, and they knew how to use military formations. They still had their bodies. Although they were weaker than the monster plants, these humans were stronger than the monster plants to begin with. At this moment, when they joined forces, not only did they stop the four monster plants, but even Jiang Chen's military formation couldn't suppress them. They could only restrain them.
 Jin Ye's vice Commander-in-Chief, Sun Xin, sighed,"Rose, don't try to mislead us. These are my brothers who have been through life and death for many years. We are soldiers, and it is our duty to guard the mine. It is our duty to protect it even if we have to give up our lives ... No matter what you say, we believe in each other!"
 "You're so disgusting!"
 Rose thorns disappeared in an instant, and countless sharp thorns shot towards Jin Lu, making a loud noise. She gritted her teeth and shouted,""Even today, you're still so hypocritical. Let me tell you, as long as I'm alive ... None of those people can even dream of entering this place! "All these years, they've been here, but I've killed them all. In the neo martial era, I was a slave to the human race, but in the new era ... I'm not willing to! I'm already a Saint. In this era, as long as the world is stable, who can do anything to me?"
 BOOM!
 A huge explosion sounded again and Jin Lu sighed,""Stubborn! You ... Should be killed!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, a long saber appeared and he slashed down!
 The void shattered, and the formation shook.
  The two Saint realm experts were killing each other in an earth-shattering manner. The great Dao was emerging, and the origin was shaking.
 ……
 After a while.
 Li Hao and the others arrived. A ball of light enveloped the sky and the earth, sealing off the area. This was the monster plant formation in the city.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao's eyes glowed. He couldn't see through the formation.
 "This is the four symbols space sealing array," hei Teng said."It was used for defense in the past, mainly to prevent powerful enemies from entering the city and threatening the safety of the people. The monster plant is mainly responsible for building and activating it, so the monster plant is also known as The Guardian monster plant."
 "Can it be broken?"
 Li Hao asked.
 "Sure!" Hei Teng nodded. However, breaking it ... Might not be a good thing. Once it's broken, both sides will notice our invasion. It's best to sneak in ..."
 He looked at the formation and said,"this formation can be used to sneak in."
 Li Hao glanced at him. This formation is airtight. I've seen it, and there's almost no gap left ..."
 "Just because you can't do it doesn't mean I can 't."
 Director Wang also hurriedly said,"that's right. Senior-martial uncle can definitely do it. The four symbols space sealing array is an array technique passed down by senior-martial uncle's family. Others might not know how to sneak in, but senior-martial uncle definitely knows!"
 Li Hao was startled. A family-passed formation?  Hei Teng did not pay any attention to this and calmly said,"Wrong, my grandfather wouldn't have taught me these. These were all researched by the principal. My grandfather wouldn't have deliberately left loopholes for others to take advantage of, even if they were family! You're humiliating him by saying this!"
 Director Wang felt really awkward.
 I was just trying to flatter him, but I actually hit the horse's leg.
 It was the principal's research ... Well, there was nothing to say about it.
 Hei Teng carefully examined the formation and said,""This is the main battle area. If we do anything here, it will cause too much of a commotion. We should go to the side. Also ... I suggest that we go to the depths of the mineral veins first and not fight with these guys here. The depths of the mineral veins ... Might be more troublesome!"
 As he spoke, he walked in a certain direction and kept saying,""The core of a mine usually has some accompanying treasures, some of which are very precious!"
 "The shadow that I detected earlier might be in there. I don't know how many years he has been in there, but ... He must be quite strong!"
 "There should be treasures in the core of the mine vein. The other party has been staying here for a long time. Perhaps it's for this treasure, or perhaps it's something else ... Anyway, we'd better enter it as soon as possible. Also, the mine vein has a self-explosion mechanism, and it's also in the core area."
 Li Hao kept nodding his head and said solemnly,"Then, do you think that this guy is hiding inside ... To blow up the mine at a critical moment and activate the second recovery?"
 "It's hard to say,"
 Hei Teng couldn't tell either, but he seemed to chuckle."It doesn't matter. It's not like anyone can just drop a big mine as they please! In the past, the human Emperor made his fortune by exploding mines. This was to prevent the enemy from using the same method against the human race and human cities. Therefore, there are some countermeasures. As long as the enemy doesn't explode the mines When They See Us, they won't have a chance!"
 Counter?
  Li Hao was a little confused, but he didn't ask further. Instead, he quickly said,""Then can I do something later?"
 "Of course!"
 "You're the initiator of this operation, so of course you'll have to do something!" Wang Ye said that you've entered the second layer space, and the person we want to deal with might not be simple. Even I can't guarantee that I can kill him!"
 "As for you ... You can enter the second layer space and hide. At the critical moment, you can suddenly appear and give your opponent a thunderous blow. Just use your Shi and fuse the seven elements together with the starry sky sword. At the critical moment, it will be extremely effective!"
 "What?" Li Hao was stunned and frowned."I can go in, but it's hard to get out."
 "I know,"
 He nodded."I heard that it was your master who pulled you out earlier. So ... Inform your master and ask him to hurry over. He'll pull you out at the critical moment."
 Li Hao's expression changed.
 He did not mind taking the risk himself, but the enemy they were dealing with this time was too strong, so he did not let Yuan Shuo and the others in. Now, Black Phoenix was asking him to call Yuan Shuo in.

 "The people of your era aren't willing to fight for it," hei Teng said lightly."You expect the neo martial artists to kill neo martial artists for you and then take the benefits for you?"
 "I paid the price ..." Li Hao said in a deep voice.
 "That's right, but it's not enough. I've already said that if there were only those two, I wouldn't have asked you to call them in. But now ... There's one more existence outside of the target. This will be very troublesome."
 "You can't come out in time on your own," hei Teng said indifferently."You can only ask your master to come over and pull you out at the critical moment. To an expert, a sudden change at the critical moment may be enough to take his life! Otherwise, I can't guarantee that I'll succeed this time. "
 He turned to look at Li Hao."There's still a bit of time, but not much. Once the battle outside is over, and there are no large number of casualties on both sides, we can't be the fisherman. The monster plants we killed will be exposed ... At that time, they will only work together to deal with us because we are a variable. Killing the third-party variable first is the consensus of the new martial arts!"
 He looked at Li Hao and said seriously, don't think about joining forces with one side to destroy the other. It's impossible! As the existence of the new martial era, everyone and all demons knew one thing: kill the third party first! Because they were the variables! Only by killing a third party will they fight to the death. You have to believe in the influence of the human King on that era. If you don't believe, you can try!"
 Director Wang also nodded."Li Hao, that's true. If you want to take advantage of the situation and join forces with one side to kill the other ... It's impossible to succeed."
 At this moment, even the Redwood tree and the date tree responded at the same time.
 Yes, it was.
 It was impossible to succeed.
  In the new martial era, there were too many such cases. The human King specifically killed the existence of a third party. No matter how strong, terrifying, or detestable the enemy was, once the third party wanted to take advantage of the situation, even if the enemy took advantage of it, the human King would kill the third party first ...
 Over time, the entire human race and the entire neo martial arts knew one thing. When two sides fought, they had to clear the field first. Once a third party appeared midway, they had to join forces to kill the third party first and not try to cooperate with the other party.
 The two parties here were both existences in the neo martial system, so there was still a tacit understanding.
 Therefore, as long as Li Hao's team appeared, rose thorns and the Vice Commander-in-Chief would definitely join forces to kill Li Hao's team first, provided that they had betrayed new martial arts. Otherwise, with Black Phoenix and director Wang around, the Vice Commander-in-Chief wouldn't have done so.
 ,m Li Hao immediately frowned.  "If I leave behind a treasure, there's a chance that I can find it myself ..." He said.
 "There are too many unexpected factors. Since there are successful cases, why take the risk again and pursue more uncertain factors?"
 "Is your teacher not willing to do anything for you?" hei Teng asked.
 Li Hao cursed in his heart!
 This was not the logic.
 I can't get through to this guy.
 There were countless experts here, and there were even a few Saints. Although his teacher's strength had improved again ... Li Hao judged that he could only use six types of magical powers at most, and definitely not seven.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Here, they were cannon fodder!
  In fact, Li Hao didn't want anyone to take the risk at this moment. As for these experts, they were hired by him for mutual benefits ...  As these thoughts crossed his mind, Li Hao gritted his teeth."Was there a deciding factor when I attacked at the crucial moment?"
 "You make your own judgment."
 "An enemy that suddenly appeared from unknown place," hei Teng said indifferently. "He wields the powerful starry sky sword and also possesses peak power. At least in this era, without the amplification of the origin source, whether it's a peak, an undying, or a Saint ... The gap isn't as big as you think! The biggest difference lies in the strength of your physical body. However, your opponent only has spiritual power, so to you, you're still a huge threat to such spiritual power existences!"
 "Your Shi, on the other hand, can directly injure and destroy the origin. This is also the difference in this era. In the past, only the origin could destroy the origin of an expert. However, your Shi doesn't care about all this ..."
 Li Hao took a deep breath and said no more. The broken golden skeleton appeared and he quickly sent a message.
 ……
 The ruins of the star military governor's office.
 At this moment, the guards inside chief Yu suddenly received a message. He quickly turned around and left the ruins, quickly sending the message out.
 "The governor has ordered Yuan Shuo to return quickly and assist the governor in killing the strong enemy! Chen Yao and Kong Jie of the inspection Division, quickly head to the military law Department and suppress any unusual movements there!"
 ……
 At the inspection Office.
 Chen Yao was watching the show when he suddenly received an order from Kong Jie. At the same time, there was a copper lunch box. Kong Jie said in a deep voice,""The higher-ups have ordered us to replace Yuan Shuo and suppress Qi Dinghai. Any objections?"
  "What?" Chen Yao was stunned."We ... We go?"
 "Speed up!"
 Kong Jie's attitude was impolite, but the next moment, she suddenly laughed,""It's so good!"
 Finally, he didn't have to watch the show.
 Chen Yao hesitated for a moment and suddenly smiled.""It's not bad!"
 Seeing the Silver Moon Martial master's might and prestige today, he was actually a little envious.
 It was just that ... He thought that he was not too strong.
 But on second thought, was Qi Dinghai stronger than him?
 He was also the second Secretary, why would he be afraid of Qi Dinghai?
 His father had always said that he was not as good as Qi Dinghai, not as good as Zhao huaimin ... Bah, that old man of his only knew how to boost other people's prestige.

 The next moment, two figures flashed out.
 On the side of the military law Division, Yuan Shuo frowned slightly and looked at the Emerald light sword beside him,""I'm going back. Chen Yao and Kong Jie are in charge of this place. Be careful!"
 Jadesword nodded slightly.
 Yuan Shuo didn't say much and quickly walked out of the ruins. Qi Dinghai looked at him calmly, but Yuan Shuo didn't care. He looked at Yuan xingwu who was not far away and suddenly said,""As your teacher, I'll give you a chance to live. Leave this place now, subdue the 800000 soldiers of the Heavenly Star Army outside the city, and suppress them. Don't cause any rebellion or turmoil ... You have a chance to live. Otherwise ... Once the imperial family of the Jiusi Empire is destroyed and the Heavenly Star Army is in turmoil, blood will flow like a river!"
 With that, he turned around and left.
 Qi Dinghai frowned slightly and said in a low voice,""Yuan Shuo, you're overestimating the star military governor's office and silver Moon!"
 Yuan Shuo laughed coldly. He suddenly turned around and threw a punch!
 A fierce tiger roars the world!
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, Qi Dinghai was sent flying backward. He spat out a mouthful of blood and his eyes were filled with shock.
  Yuan Shuo looked at him coldly and said,"you're not qualified to ask your father to come and talk to me like this!" More than thirty years ago, when I came to stellarsky city, your father tried to assassinate me in secret, but he was defeated by my master. Your mother fought with me and was seriously injured by a single punch from me. At that time ... You were nothing!"
 Qi Dinghai's expression changed slightly.
 "Thirty years ago, you ... You attacked my mother?"
 Yuan Shuo was incomparably arrogant as he sneered,""No, it's your Qi clan that attacked me, and I defeated them! I can't be bothered to deal with the military. I came to Heavenly Star to search for the path, I have no interest in your trivial matters. If Zhao Tianyang had not revealed himself, I would have taken my revenge on your Qi family that day!"
 After saying that, he sneered again,"back then, if it wasn't for the fact that your fathers used their power to intimidate me, I would have long swept through the Heavenly Star martial forest!" When did you get the chance to be so arrogant?"
 Then, he ignored them. Kong Jie and Chen Yao had already arrived.
 "If this person has any strange movements, kill him immediately. I've long been annoyed by these guys!" Yuan Shuo said without holding back.
 With that, he rose into the air and left quickly.
 As for Chen Yao, he touched his nose awkwardly. It was as if he was also involved.
 He smiled and looked at Qi Dinghai, who had just stood up. His smile was bright.""Brother Dinghai, don't mind him. This person is too domineering. I'm not as arrogant as him. I'm here to see brother Dinghai. I don't have any other intentions. I just want to register and finish this. That old man in my house keeps saying that I'm not as good as you. Brother Dinghai, please don't provoke me. Otherwise ... I want to try. Why am I not as good as you?"
 Qi Dinghai looked at him coldly.
 As the second generation of secretaries of the nine divisions, the nine secretaries had been very good playmates when they were children. They had let loose together, been domineering, and arrogant. Their relationship had been very good back then.
 However, ever since he became the second-generation Secretary, the relationship between these people had completely deteriorated.
 At this moment, seeing Chen Yao's smug look, Qi Dinghai said coldly,""Uncle Chen has always liked to take advantage of opportunities. This time ... I hope you won't be disappointed!"
 "Why would I?" Chen Yao laughed. Brother Dinghai, we're old friends, and we've even flirted with each other before. Be more polite to me!"
 Chen Yao laughed and his laughter echoed in the court. "Don't keep provoking me. We've done so many things in the past. If I have to say it, you'll be very embarrassed!"
 Qi Dinghai's expression changed and he ignored him.
 Chen Yao was as shameless as his father.
 When he was young and frivolous, he didn't take anything seriously. When he was old, others wouldn't say anything because they wanted to save face, but this shameless guy would really spread it everywhere.
 At this moment, he was just a little confused. Where ... Was Yuan Shuo going?
 What was he going back to the Heavenly Star military governor's office for?
 Where's Li Hao?
 Many thoughts and doubts rose in his mind.
 Moreover, Yuan Shuo was very strong.
 His physical body was extremely powerful!
 That's right, he sensed it. The other party had defeated him with a single punch. His physical body was very strong, much stronger than ordinary martial masters. How did he do it?
 ……
 At the same time.
 Yuan Shuo quickly returned and entered the ruins in the blink of an eye. He revealed a smile.
 Cool!
 At the critical moment, Li Hao would ask for his help.
 "As expected, I'm the one he trusts the most and the most powerful one. Look, aren't Zhou Chuan, Hong Yitang, and the others outside?"
  It was only a small fight outside, and the key to victory was inside.  "But Li Hao didn't look for anyone and called me instead ..." Yuan Shuo sighed. In the past, the city of superpowers and the Fengyun Pavilion had been trivial matters. Now, the future of the nine divisions and the star military governor's office was determined.
 And here I am ...!
 His speed was extremely fast. Soon, he was flying toward the ball of light in the distance.
 A moment later, he quickly landed.
 When Li Hao saw Yuan Shuo, he did not delay and quickly said,""Teacher only has one mission. When senior hei Teng asks teacher to bring me out, teacher must immediately pull me out. At other times, teacher must hide far away!"
 Yuan Shuo opened his mouth to speak.
 Li Hao said bluntly,"it's a Supreme Saint. My teacher is too weak. He'll be killed in one breath. Don't try to be brave. If you pull me out at the critical moment, my teacher will succeed!"
 “……”
 艹!
 "Damn it!" Yuan Shuo cursed in his heart."I was so excited for half a day."
 In the end, this was it?
 Bastard!
 After cursing in his heart for a while, Yuan Shuo pulled a long face and said coldly,""Alright!"
 That was also a straightforward answer. He swallowed all the words he had said before.
 A great saint ... Forget it, I've never thought of that.
 When Yuan Shuo arrived, hei Teng chuckled. He had never met Yuan Shuo before, but now that he saw him, he said with a meaningful tone,""It's impossible for heaven's will to favor only one person. It seems like it's been a long time since he fused five types of forces and mastered the great force of heaven and earth, even earlier than Li Hao. Li Hao isn't the only one who can become the world Lord ..."
 Yuan Shuo glanced at him and grinned."Senior, you're too kind. Of course I'm stronger than my disciple, but ... The world Lord is nothing. I prefer to kill whoever I don't agree with with with with one punch. It doesn't matter if it's one of my own or an enemy. Some people say that I, Yuan Shuo, am a lone wolf, and even the heavens can't stop me!"
 Hei Teng was startled, but he didn't say anything else.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Lone wolf?
 Perhaps!
 This kind of person had some demonic nature. He thought of a person who was independent, selfish, bold, arrogant, and ruthless ... In the past, the Qin Emperor of the new martial era was also like this.
 At this moment, he was in a trance.
 Without saying anything else, he waved his hand, and the solid ground melted quickly. Soon, a circle of light appeared. He made a few hand gestures, and the edge of the array also melted gradually.
 "Go on in. As an expert, digging holes is a necessary skill ... An expert who doesn't know how to dig holes is not a true expert!"
 Hei Teng's words did not match his usual character.
 Li Hao was a little dazed, but director Wang supported him and nodded crazily.
 There's nothing wrong with that!
 Powerhouses who did not know how to drill holes were not good powerhouses. In the past, ccmau's Supreme martial artist had specially gone to mcmau to learn how to drill holes from the human King. After learning for many years, he had even promoted the technique of digging holes in ccmau, focusing on digging holes in mineral veins. This was a skill that many venerable sovereigns admired.
 Li Hao was in a daze. What the hell?
 Who said that experts had to know how to dig holes?
 To his surprise, his master nodded his head frantically, as if he agreed with Li Hao's words. Seeing Li Hao look at him, he said telepathically,""There's nothing wrong with it. This fellow is right this time. Only those who can dig holes are truly strong!"
  Oh!
 She remembered now. Her master was the greatest Tomb Raider of this era. How could she not know?
 Li Hao didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but he didn't say anything.
 Alright, you guys are right.
 The moment he dug into the ground, Li Hao took a deep breath and a fierce tiger appeared. He quickly burrowed into the Tiger and looked at his teacher. Yuan Shuo nodded and sent a message: "Take the starry sky sword with you. I have a stone blade. I'll use it to pave the way and use the five Forces as a guide to bring you back!"
 Only absolute trust would allow him to enter that unknown space again without any preparation. Yuan Shuo also took a deep breath and spat out a mouthful of blood, which glowed with golden light and was imprinted on Li Hao's body.
 "Go!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything and quickly disappeared. Hei Teng glanced at him, his eyes flickering.
 The great path universe of this era?
 It was really ... Unbelievable!

 In the starry universe.
 The stars filled the sky.
 Fire Tigers lit up the sky and earth. In the void, Dragons, phoenixes, brown bears ... All kinds of creatures flew across the sky. It was like a world of dreams.
 At this moment, Li Hao had turned into a fierce tiger.
 He no longer cared about the outside world.
 At this moment, he was wandering in the universe of the great path. He didn't dare to run around, but he looked up at the starry sky. It was a rare moment of peace and quiet. He looked at those existences that only existed in legends and smiled.
 In the distance, a long sword was shining brightly.
 Li Hao looked in that direction, somewhat confused. Sword?
 Is this my sword intent?
 Sword force?
  Or someone else?
 According to his teacher's and his own deductions, this universe was the universe of the great Dao. The modern human race might have the Super Lock in it, and this sword might have belonged to a swordsman.
 The next moment, Li Hao's heart moved.
 Hong Yitang?
 He didn't think about it anymore because the distance was too far. At this moment, he didn't dare to move.
 As for Li Hao, he thought of something else. Since his physical body had entered the double space, could it directly absorb the energy of the universe?
 The universe in this place contained a very special energy. It was an extremely special existence that could make up for the weakness of the human race's body.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The secret technique of five birds was activated instantly.
 As for whether or not it would cause any changes ... Li Hao, who was courting death, didn't care.
 ,m Hearing the Dao in the morning and dying in the evening, what was at the end of the martial Dao was actually much more interesting than killing.  If it wasn't for the fact that his teacher was still outside, he would have run around.
 If it wasn't for the restriction of his teacher, the heavens and earth wouldn't be able to stop him from pursuing absolute freedom. This might be a very satisfying thing.
 He activated the breathing technique of five birds!
 Streams of special energy flowed over rapidly. The universe changed, and great stars appeared one after another. Li Hao's existence seemed to light up the starry sky.
 At this moment, he was the brightest star in the sky.
 "The second layer space ... Has no name ..."
 Li Hao's thoughts ran wild.
 This universe was uninhabited.
 It belonged to this era.
 Perhaps, it was a universe of the great Dao that had just been opened.
 Then this universe should have a name, shouldn't it?
 I like names.
 Li Hao smiled. Since he had nothing to do, why not give this universe a name?
 It was said that there was an origin universe in the new martial era, and then the great Dao of origin was created.
 The universe of origin ... It was unpleasant to hear.
 "Ten thousand stars resplendent, ten thousand DAOs across the sky, why not call it ... Bright star field!"
  Li Hao was pleased with himself. It was boring to name someone without his own name.  I'm Li Hao. This place has a bright moon in the sky, and tens of thousands of stars are shining brightly. I'll call it the bright star World so that I can have a good mood.
 The breathing technique of five birds was activated.
 Next to him, several other stars appeared. There was wind, Thunder, fire ...
 At this moment, Li Hao had an idea.
 A few divine runes appeared on his body and disappeared instantly.
 In the blink of an eye, they were imprinted on the nearby stars. It was as if a Li Hao had appeared on each star. The next moment, Li Hao's desire to play, or rather, his desire to pursue Dao, rose.
 The five great stars, one like a willow tree, one like a golden egg, one like an ocean, one like a tiger, one like a mountain, instantly circled around, forming a large circle, five stars filling the sky.
 The wind and lightning stars were somewhat repelled.
 The seven li Haos looked around curiously as they watched the five stars form a circle and five secret techniques circulate. They were the catkin sword, heaven shaking fist, nine refined force, earth overturning sword, and golden spear technique.
 Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. Some of the secret techniques were collected by the king of the plains, some were passed down from the various Silver Moon martial masters, and some were taught by Yuan Shuo.
 The five secret skills were activated.
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't use the secret technique of five birds again. Instead, he activated five secret techniques on each of the five vast planets. The void shook, and streams of energy poured into the five vast planets.
 "Turn!"
 Li Hao shouted in a low voice, and the five great stars began to revolve, but not smoothly.
 "Five birds breathing technique!" Li Hao shouted after some thought.
 BOOM!
 The five great stars used the breathing technique of five birds at the same time. At this moment, the five great stars were actually revolving smoothly. There was no longer the feeling of stagnation, and their speed was much faster.
 Li Hao's eyes flickered.
 His teacher's breathing technique of five birds was really awesome.
 It could operate smoothly even in the bright star sector. This must be a cycle, right?
 It was a complete cycle!
 His wind and lightning elements were unable to merge with the secret skill of five birds and were instead somewhat excluded. He could only watch helplessly.
 "What a pity ..."
 Li Hao felt a little regretful, but he soon thought of something. He activated the wind and thunder sword, and at this moment, the two great stars began to revolve on their own.
 In the next moment, Li Hao meditated for a while.
  Suddenly, a Dark Star appeared. However, Li Hao was not on it. It was a Dark Star. As he activated the secret technique of Shadowless Sword, the Dark Star also began to revolve.
 Then, Li Hao activated the secret technique of light.
 In the blink of an eye, a bright star appeared.
 Similarly, there was no Li Hao's shadow.
 Of the nine Sacred Arts and nine stars, the five elements were one, the wind and lightning were one, and the light and darkness were independent of each other.
 "Nine types of Sacred Arts. If I can fuse these nine types of Sacred Arts into one, perhaps ... I can become a nine-elemental sacred art expert."
 However, how could he successfully combine them?
 He then thought of the yuan Ping Chronicles, the kind of separation and combination under a microscopic level.
 This was the essence of combat techniques!
 The secret skill of five birds was different. It was a breathing technique and a combination of special fluctuations. His teacher must have observed a special resonance point to be able to create the secret skill of five birds.

