fileno%d
ets in the school?" skysword was curious.
 "You're the puppet!"
 Jiang Yingli retorted. Li Hao could barely tell now. Jiang Yingli's words were full of vigor and shrewdness.
 Li shengzhang's voice was slightly softer and gentler ... In fact, if one didn't look carefully, the difference wasn't big.
 However, in general, there were two people.
 Tian Jian choked and didn't say anything else.
 Everyone was surprised that Li Hao had managed to lure the puppet out.
 He really had a hand!
 At this moment, sky sword and the others were all ready to set off. The Black Panther also appeared in an instant. As for why it had returned at such a coincidental time, Li Hao glanced at the black banner on its neck and didn't bother to say anything.
 Who gave it this black banner?
  I don't think I gave it.
 Maybe this guy stole it himself?
 Tian Jian was rather responsible. He asked, "You're not going to call your master?"
 "No need. He is in closed-door cultivation. He is only attacking SuperPower City. It is not too late to shout after we have dealt with Fengyun Pavilion."
 Tian Jian did not say anything.
 That's up to you.
 Li Hao, Tian Jian, hou Xiaochen, Chen Zhongtian, director Zhou, Hong Yitang, Black Panther, and the two puppets.
 With six people, one dog, and two puppets, Li Hao felt that they could go anywhere.
 After thinking for a while, Li Hao took out his Silver Dagger and said,""One for each of us. It's good to hide our identities."
 Everyone was surprised.
 Apart from Li Hao, the other five people had taken five pieces of silver armor. Including Liu Long 's, Li Hao only had four pieces left.
 Chen Zhongtian took a deep breath, he knew the situation.
 Silver armor!
 Guild leader!
 Even Li Hao could wholesale at will?
 On the Royal side, although heaven's star King was also wearing golden armor, silver armor was not given to him this way. He had to fight for it himself. The royal family also had Regiment commanders, but they had only been recognized after a narrow escape.
 They weren't like Li Hao, who gave them casually.
 The two puppets were not interested. Jiang Yingli only took a glance and quickly shifted her gaze to the Black Panther. Suddenly, she pulled the Black Panther's dog ears and asked curiously,""Is this dog a descendant of the demon subduing envoy?"
 Li Shengfang took a look and nodded."Probably!"
 Jiang Yingli rubbed the dog's head."It's so cute! I saw it last time, but I didn't dare to touch it. It's a pity it's not a cat. "
 "You still want to use the bristles of your hair that have been passed down from your ancestors?"
 “……”
 Li Hao, who was listening from the side, had a headache.
 What the hell?
 The others were also speechless. They looked at the two of them and then at Black Panther. At this moment, Black Panther was in a daze, as if he had sensed something and did not dare to resist.
 Li Hao was holding his breath and kicked the Black Panther.
  "Woof! Woof! Woof!" The Black Panther instantly roared.  The dog took advantage of the man's power, incisively and incisively reflected.
 Jiang Yingli did not mind. She simply grabbed the Panther's neck a few times. The Panther was so comfortable that it wanted to yawn. Soon, it realized that something was wrong and roared again,"Woof! Woof! Woof!
 "Why aren't you saying anything?"
 Jiang Yingli said curiously,"you're almost at the peak. You should be able to speak. Although your bloodline is not weak, the demon subduing envoy can transmit his voice at this time. Is it because your voice is unpleasant?"
 “……”
 The Black Panther didn't bother with her. He avoided her and quickly ran to Li Hao's side. Why did he bring these guys out? the Black Panther had a bad feeling.
 These guys were not afraid of it at all.
 Li Hao was also speechless. He said,"the two of you, don't speak casually after you leave. Everyone here is familiar with you. But when you leave, keep a low profile!"
 "Don't worry, we'll keep a low profile!"
 I'd be a fool to believe you!
 Li Hao didn't say much. Golden armor appeared on his body. "Let's go. We'll head to the heavenly Sword villa first!"
 The crowd did not say much and put on their armor to hide their identities.
 As for whether or not they could recognize it, other than Chen Zhongtian, it didn't matter to the others.
 Chen Zhongtian, on the other hand, had to keep a low profile to avoid being recognized.
 Chen Zhongtian wasn't stupid. He had been keeping a low profile recently. He even told his son to pretend that his father had died because he had lost his holy weapon. Perhaps someone had sensed it, so he told Chen Yao to pretend that his father had died, the kind that Li Hao might have assassinated.
 Of course, he did not make it public.
 This group of people did not keep a low profile.
 It directly soared into the sky from the mansion. The sky had just brightened, and there were golden and silver flashes. It was very ostentatious.
 "Let's go!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com BOOM!
 The commotion was not small, and the six of them disappeared in an instant.
 ……
 Not far away, the military law Division.
 Qi Pingjiang walked out and took a look. He frowned slightly.
 Li Hao should have gone to Silver Moon a few days ago. He had just returned, so where had he gone with his men?
  Not many people left.
 Less than 10 people.
 Yao si and the others were still there, and Nan Quan hadn't left either. However, people like Sky sword and earth sword should have left with them.
 "Have you found the traces of Fengyun Pavilion?"
 Qi Pingjiang looked at the middle-aged man beside him. It was his son, Qi Dinghai, and said in a deep voice,""It might be. The night patrollers and the people from the star military governor's office have been investigating ..."
 "Let them fight! The Fengyun Pavilion is not simple. "
 Qi Pingjiang said softly,"although they have just appeared, I suspect that the abilities of Fengyun Pavilion are beyond imagination. If Li Hao and the others really want to fight with Fengyun Pavilion, they will probably suffer a great loss with only a few people!"
 "Father, do you think Fengyun Pavilion can resist them?"
 "Why can't I?"
 Qi Pingjiang said calmly,"the Fengyun Pavilion is able to detect the strength of so many experts. If they don't have some real ability, how would they dare to announce it publicly? Aren't you afraid of offending all parties? The Fengyun Pavilion, like Li Hao and the others, are all sh * t-stirrer. They can't wait for the world to fall into chaos. "

 They were all the same.
 "Father's analogy ... Is not very good. "Qi Dinghai laughed.
 Qi Pingjiang did not mind,"the entire star dynasty is a sh * t pit!" What's not good about it? I am, they are all, and no one is better than the other. Back then, I still had the heart to clean up this cesspit ... But today, I don't have that thought anymore. "
 Qi Dinghai was speechless.
 At this moment, he also sighed softly.
 Qi Pingjiang remained calm. He glanced at the palace, then at the Division of Administration, and finally at the inspector."I don't know what the guy from the inspection Office is doing. Even his holy weapon is destroyed. Did Chen Zhongtian appear?"
 "No. Chen Yao's father seemed to have died ... But if Li Hao really killed him, how could Chen Yao be so indifferent?"
 Qi Pingjiang frowned."Perhaps...There's another reason. I hope it's not because of the royal family. Chen Zhongtian was able to grow from a small hooligan to his current state. He won't die so easily." If he really couldn't defeat Li Hao and the others, he would have surrendered a long time ago. This person's skin was extremely thick, and he wouldn't die so easily. Pay more attention to the inspection Office. "
 "Mm, I know!"
 "Father, in two days, the city of superpowers will be holding a meeting to form a cabinet. What does Lin Hongyu mean?" Qi Dinghai asked softly. Now, the other party has also formed an alliance with the Jade flute and Sunset Villa. If they combine twelve other forces, the Rogue cultivator forces, and the two sacred mountains, it will be very difficult to solve the problem. "
  Qi Pingjiang nodded slightly.
 The city of superpower was not weak. Furthermore, there were two sacred mountains. Although it was low-profile, it was not weak.
 Now that the three parties were working together, they had to combine the power of the city of superpower. If they succeeded, it would be a different story.
 "Create some trouble for them ... But we don't have to pay too much. Now that the Heavenly Star military governor's office has been established, Li Hao doesn't want superpowers to exceed his control. Perhaps ... He'll intervene and let them fight!"
 "But ..."
 "No buts,"
 Qi Pingjiang looked at the Imperial Palace in the distance and frowned.""This isn't the most important thing right now. There have been a lot of changes recently, and the royal family has sent word that they want us to join forces and open up the mine passage. Even if we can't activate the second recovery ... We can still seize some huge mines! Those monster plants have offered a high price and are willing to pay a large amount of the spring of life. I'm considering if I should join forces with them. "
 "Li Hao and the others are making rapid progress, but their resources are limited. The treasures that he seized will be used up sooner or later, and so will we. Right now, the biggest treasure in the entire Heavenly Star is right under our feet!"
 If they could open up the tunnel to the mine, they would be able to obtain a lot of benefits in advance without the need for a second recovery.
 It was just that in the past, he had an unparalleled hatred for the imperial family.
 But now ... The pressure was too great.
 If they did not improve, the nine divisions would be left behind.
 Cooperation?
 Qi Dinghai frowned slightly,"father, the one in the royal family is at the peak of immortal realm!" Besides, the Heavenly Star King is a seven-Elemental Expert, so we don't have to worry about the administrative department. Father ..."
  He wanted to say that his father was slightly weaker and would easily ask a Tiger for its skin.  "Nothing will happen before the mine vein's passage opens."
 Qi Pingjiang also knew what was going on,'besides, the division and administration Department won't just leave them be. Rose thorns can't be defeated without three or four monster plants working together ... He'll only agree to work with them if he has at least three or four monster plants.' The criminal Division, the inspector division, the unstable Internal Affairs Division, and the Liu family of the financial division have been silent for a long time. I don't know what they are thinking, so they should also be excluded. "
 Other than these four, the remaining five could either be together or eliminate one or two.
 These companies also had the premise of cooperation.
 The current secretaries of the gaogong, the Foreign Affairs Department, and the Department of Commerce had all been killed by Li Hao. Perhaps in their eyes, Li Hao was even more annoying than the royal family. The royal family's offer to cooperate at this time was not nonsense, but a well-timed one.
 If the military law Division did not agree, they might be excluded.
 "Then, father ... Are you ready to cooperate?"
 Qi Dinghai muttered to himself."The Vice commander of the star Army outside the mine is not weak. It's not a problem for Yao Zhi to join forces. Father, are you ... Going to join the battle too?"
 "I'm not sure!"
 "Let's keep looking. "Qi Pingjiang shook his head.
 "Then ... When are you going?"
 "In a few days."
 Qi Pingjiang said in a low voice,"let's wait for Li Hao to gather Silver moon's powerhouses again. A conflict with Windcloud Pavilion might not be resolved in a day or two. We'll go there then. Otherwise, he'll find an opportunity to capture all of you once we're gone!"
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Yes, on guard against Li Hao.
 Li Hao hadn't confirmed that he was going to fight one side yet. Although he had left, he could come back at any time. They wouldn't be at ease unless they fought with one side and stalled Li Hao. Otherwise, with Li Hao's personality, what could they do if they caught everyone in one fell swoop?
 ……
 In the air.
 Li Hao flew through the air. Afraid that they would be too slow, he enveloped them with his domain. Although he was slightly slowed down, he was still very fast.
 The others didn't think much of it, but the two puppets were very curious.
 They were both from star suppression city.
 They naturally knew the ultimate techniques of Saturn very well. They had seen Li Hao condense divine runes back then.
 At this moment, he was even more curious."Are you building a small world?"
 They were also very knowledgeable. Although they had never seen this before, and the person was dead, they could still see something at a glance.

 "Domain!"
 "Oh!"
 Li shengzhang answered with some hesitation. After a while, he said,"But I feel that your domain is very complicated! I've heard from my elders that all things will eventually return to chaos. This chaotic energy of yours is not chaos, but pure chaos. "
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat."Everything will eventually return to chaos?"
 "En!"
 Li shengzhang nodded, looking a little funny. "It's said that the inner world of the human King is like this. Whether it's true or not, we're not sure."
 Li Hao was deep in thought.
 The others all listened quietly. Director Zhou was curious and suddenly said,"Seniors, can you continue walking down the path of the physical body?"
 "Sure!"
 Jiang Yingli opened her mouth this time and said,""My family's ancestor was an expert in the Dao of the physical body! "Although he's not as strong as the venerable sovereign in ccmau, his strong physical body is rare among venerable sovereigns."
  Then, he looked at director Zhou."You can actually achieve the Golden body nine transformations. That's very impressive. Have you been reversed by someone?"
 "Yes."
 "Who did this?"
 Jiang Yingli was a little curious."Nine transformations golden body. Although there are many people who know it, it's possible that in this era, someone has reversed your situation and made your physical body golden body undergo nine transformations. The other party must be an expert with a strong physical body. Could he be my family?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com “……”
 "Probably ... Not?" director Zhou coughed.
 It would be so awkward if it was yours.
 "Director Zhou, did you reverse your physical body in Silver Moon?" Li Hao asked curiously.
 "Yes,"
 "Main city?"
 "No, it's just a small ruin."
 Seeing that Li Hao seemed to be very curious, he was also speechless. He could only say,""It really is a small ruin. I don't know the name of that senior either. At that time, I accidentally entered it, and he seemed to be unable to hold on any longer. After transforming my physical body, he quickly and completely died."
 Li Hao nodded and didn't ask further.
 The two feline robots were still curious."Does the ruins have a name?"
 "It doesn't have a special name. It's just called the Golden body Palace."
 As soon as he said that, the two robot cats tried to recall. Jiang Yingli seemed to have recalled something. After a long time, she suddenly said with some regret,""I think I know who it is. Li, do you remember a genius senior who left ccmau?"
 "I remember, Oh ... I remember now too ..."
 The two of them talked in riddles. Li Hao and the others were curious. Director Zhou couldn't help but ask,"Do the two of you know that senior?"
 "Yes, he should be a senior from the capital martial arts university. When he left the origin world, his golden body was extremely powerful. It's said that he wanted to use the cosmos formation to suppress himself and break through the limits of the Golden body. There was no news of him after that. He's very powerful and entered the great sage realm a few years ago. I didn't expect that ... He wouldn't be able to hold on."
 "It's normal. Didn't teacher almost lose it too? The Golden body Dao has weak spiritual power. It's already terrifying to rely on the body to last until today ..."
  "That's true!"  As the two of them spoke, they felt a little regretful.
 However, they weren't too familiar with each other. After so many years, the two of them weren't any better. Was it really much better to become a puppet with just a bit of spiritual power left?
 His teacher, who was a great saint, had also lost his physical body and was only left with his spiritual energy.
 ……
 Just like that, they continued to chat.
 They moved very fast, and Li Hao didn't spend too much time. After about three hours, he saw a tall mountain. It wasn't by the sea, but in the mountains. He saw it at a glance because of the strong sword intent.
 The heavenly Sword Manor!
 It was the Holy Land of swordsmen.
 Tian Jian didn't say much and instantly appeared in the lead. His armor disappeared and his sword intent overflowed. In an instant, the villa seemed to sense it. Soon, experts appeared one after another. They looked at everyone and hurriedly shouted,"Mountain chieftain!"
 "Yes, is everything alright?"
 "Nothing happened!"
 At this moment, many people looked at Li Hao's group.
 The mountain chieftain did not have many friends, and very few people would come to the sky sword Manor.
 It was said that the mountain chieftain had gone to stellarsky city and the stellarsky military governor's office. In that case ... Li Hao's group might have come here, and they were among this group of people?
 When they saw black Panther, they were certain that Li Hao was among them.
 The Golden armor was most likely Li Hao.
 As for Li Hao, he also took off his armor mask and looked down. Sword intent was overflowing. There were not many people in the villa, only a hundred or so, but each of them had sword force. Li Hao even felt that some of them had very strong force, even stronger than Liu Long.
 If he continued, he would probably be unsealed soon. Once unsealed, it would mean that he had surpassed the transformation stage.
 No wonder the heavenly Sword villa was known as the Holy Land for sword cultivators.
  It was very difficult to reach this stage purely by cultivating the sword.
 Tian Jian was a man of few words and did not waste his breath on these people. He said with a deep voice,"Cultivate on your own!"
 The few people who were floating in the air also quickly landed.
 However, they all looked at them curiously. Li Hao's group followed Tian Jian and flew toward a certain mountain peak. Soon, they stopped at the entrance of a cave abode.
 "Right here!"
 Tian Jian pointed at the door to the dwelling."The ruins are inside. I don't usually come here."
 Li Hao looked at it and saw the words "spiritual space mansion" above the cave.
 Li Hao looked at the two puppets. When they saw Li Hao looking at them, they also looked at him. Why are you looking at us?
 "Do the two of you know about the mystical Sky Mansion?"
 "I don't know. There are many experts in the world. We are just students, so how would we know too much? moreover, this is the Silver Moon land. We don't know much either. Besides the eight main cities, we don't really go to the Heavenly Star Town."

 Alright, a nobody!
 "Senior, I'm here!" Tian Jian's voice rang out.
 A moment later, a wisp of mental energy spread out and lingered at the entrance of the cave. As if sensing something, an old voice sounded,""You could have come alone, why ... Did you bring so many people?"
 "We need to deal with a strong enemy. I hope that senior can strip off a Paragon avatar to help us!" Tian Jian was also straightforward.
 “……”
 You're too straightforward!
 Li Hao was speechless.
 The being in the cave abode was obviously shocked as well. After a long while, he said,""All these years, I've been asking you to provide me with energy stones to repair my body and origin. The amount you've provided me with is less than 500000 in total ... And now you want me to strip away the clone of the peak power of origin for you?"
 Are you kidding me?
 Li Hao couldn't help but glance at skysword. 500000 pieces. Even if they were cultivation-aiding energy stones, they would only be worth 5 million divine power stones. That would be equivalent to 100 drops of spring of life.
  You're one of the seven great divine mountains, and you're only exchanging for this much. You're indeed a little stingy.
 Of course, perhaps the sky sword was poor too. Five million pieces seemed like a lot.
 However, with such a small amount ... It seemed that it was indeed difficult for him to recover much.
 "It's better than nothing at all. There are many monster plants that have revived in the world, and some of them don't even have a partner. Senior, you should be content!"Tian Jian said in a deep voice.
 Content, my ass!
 You're still the mountain Master of sky sword sacred mountain, one of the seven great sacred mountains.
 Although this monster plant had never gone out before, it knew a little about the situation through the communication of some people. Sometimes, it would also listen to the chit-chat of the people in the sky sword Manor.
 Tian Jian had a decisive personality and was not the type to dawdle.
 He immediately said,"senior, you won't suffer a loss. I've brought the governor of the star military governor's office this time. Cooperating with him will only benefit you!" If you don't cooperate, senior will die!"
 "Are you threatening me?"
 The monster plant was stunned.
 "Yes!" Tian Jian nodded. I'm threatening you! Not long ago, we just killed the Golden Jiao of the Heavenly Star Town. Since senior is not cooperating, there is no point in staying, so let's kill senior and find someone who can cooperate!"
 “……”
 At this moment, the entire world fell silent.
 Li Hao and the others also covered their faces. Was that true?
 Was this how the heavenly Sword negotiated with the monster plant?
 We thought you would try to persuade us.
 So, you're directly threatening me?
 In the cave, the monster plant seemed to have choked. After a long while, it said,"You guys can kill undyings ..."
 Tian Jian did not wait for it to finish before turning around, "It's not cooperating, kill it!"
  “……”  "Cough, cough, cough ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This time, hou Xiaochen couldn't hold it in any longer and coughed for a long time. "We all know that you're a straightforward person, but you're not that straightforward."
 Director Zhou was also speechless.
 It was still Li Hao. He smiled and said,"senior sky sword, we haven't discussed it yet. We're in too much of a hurry. If this senior monster plant is really unwilling, we'll consider killing it ..."
 In the cave, the mental energy kept reverberating. At this moment, he didn't know whether he should be angry or what to do.
 How could it be like this!
 Back then, he was unlucky to have met this guy. He thought that since he provided the other party with the spring of life, the other party would put in all their effort to collect energy stones for him. In the end, this guy practiced martial arts in the mountains for nine out of ten years and never left the mountain.
 If he went down the mountain, he would only kill a few people. If he had divine power stones, he would exchange for them. If he didn 't, he would just drop the matter.
 If he had not been powerful enough to kill some powerhouses and obtain some divine power stones, he might not even have been able to afford ten drops of spring of life, let alone 100 drops.
 Even for these 100 drops, most of them were exchanged later on. For example, when he helped Li Hao a few times, skysword had gained something, even though he didn't go out of his way to get treasures.
 Otherwise, Tian Jian had only exchanged for a few drops of the spring of life in the past ten years.
 The monster plant in the mountain was a little annoyed and said coldly,""Who doesn't know how to brag? if you want to kill me, then try it ..."
 Li Hao wasn't in a hurry, but the two feline robots were.
 "Let's go, let's go. Li Hao, give us some energy stones. Let's go and kill it. I can see that you're wearing the teacher's armor, but you're still disobedient. It must be rebelling, let's go and destroy it!"
 "Division commander?"
 Inside the cave, Yao Zhi seemed to have just noticed it. When he looked, he was instantly shocked. It was true. And there was more than one division commander. The rest were all wearing silver armor.
 The heaven battling Army!
 He saw some special marks on the armor, which was the armor of the heaven battling Army.
 He was the division commander of the heaven-battling Army, one of the eight major cities.
  How could this be?
 The main city was silent, how could a general of the heaven battling Army appear?
 Li Hao smiled."Senior, we're being polite now. If you're still not willing to cooperate ... We'll really have to exterminate you!" "Also, the two beside me are students of Yuanping martial Sciences University. Perhaps you've never heard of them before, senior. However, one of them is from the Li clan of Saturn, and the other is from the Jiang clan of Saturn ... Are you really going to resist?"
 "Zhenxing ... How is that possible? the neo martial human race has been destroyed long ago ..."
 The two feline robots were furious."Give us the energy stones and kill this little monster plant! How bold!"
 Li Hao's head ached."I have some divine power stones, only a few million. I'd better use them sparingly."
 Aren't we still in the middle of a discussion?
 If I don't lack divine energy stones, I'll agree to it.
 More importantly ... They were really lacking!
 In the cave, the psyche was constantly fluctuating. A big tree that looked like a date tree was constantly flashing. The psyche approached the two puppets and sensed the appearance of the robot cat ...

 Yao Zhi's heart trembled!
 Had the neo martial human race really been revived?
 A puppet ... Even if it was a puppet, it was still incredible.
 It meant that there was an expert who had protected the other party's spiritual energy.
 He seemed to have heard of Yuanping martial arts university.
 It was even more so in star suppression city!
 However, to strip away a Paragon clone so easily ... What a joke! How much had it recovered?
 Now, the remaining origin was not as powerful as little tree 's. At least 60% of the origin would be enough. He would lose half of his life. If the other party came in, he would have no resistance at all.
 It had already sensed some danger.
 But now, it was a teacher and a remnant of the neo martial human race. It was also frightened.
  "I'm weak. I haven't recovered much. Once I strip the peak origin, my origin might collapse directly. This is no joke ..."
 "Back then, I was just barely in the undying stage, otherwise I wouldn't have lived until today ..."
 Those who could survive until now were at least undying. Li Hao had never seen a Paragon before. Little tree was special because its father was protecting it. Otherwise, there would be no little tree at all.
 Li Hao smiled."Senior, don't worry. It's very safe this time. I'll bring it back later. If anything happens, I'll kill an immortal monster plant to nourish your body."
 With that, the power of the seven elements surrounded his body, and the aura of the others also leaked out.
 Even black Panther was taking advantage of his power, and a special aura was spreading out.
 "Senior, we'll be going in then ..."
 Sensing all this, the date tree was also extremely speechless. If they really wanted to fight, they might be able to win.
 But ... Who knew where these people had come from?
 Now that there were so many of them, all of them felt like they came from powerful backgrounds. If they really fought, would something big happen?
 It was also depressed. Didn't they say that there were very few experts in the outside world?
 The strongest was only a divine ability?
 How did it turn out like this in the blink of an eye?
 After a long time, he sighed and said with deep helplessness,""I'll cooperate ... But, Tian Jian, you're too heartless!"
 Tian Jian, that bastard, was simply a piece of trash!
 Tian Jian was calm. What was there to be heartless about?
 He wasn't too familiar with it!
 It was not as if he did not pay for the monster plants from the ancient civilization. The other party had only provided some spring of life, and he had even paid a large number of divine power stones.
 His cooperation with the monster plant was not that deep.
 It was not like the nine divisions, which were almost all one.
  From the beginning to the end, he had only spoken a few words with her.  A moment later, a scream was heard.
 His mental power instantly became much weaker. A storage ring floated out. Li Hao examined it and saw a small tree standing in the storage ring. Li Hao frowned."This has the power of a Paragon? I'm at the peak of six elements!"
 The date tree was also speechless. After a long time, he said weakly,""I ... If I strip again, I'll die."
 Li Hao didn't stand on ceremony. He directly sent his divine will in and sensed it. After a long time, he muttered,""It's really weak. It doesn't even feel as strong as little tree. If I had known, I would have just killed it!"
 “……”
 The date tree inside remained silent. 'I'm weak because of the sky sword.'
 He had never seen such an uninterested fellow.
 "It's better than nothing. Forget it. Senior, don't worry. With this strength, I might not have the chance to attack. I'll bring it back for you later!"
 Outside the cave, he retracted his mental energy and there was no more news.
 Having half of his original source forcefully stripped away and being called weak, it hurt his self-esteem.
 Outside the cave, Li Hao sighed."Senior Heavenly Sword gave me too little. I can't recover much."
 "I thought I didn't have to provide anything and it could recover on its own," Tian Jian said awkwardly.
 ? “……”
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Alright, Tian Jian's way of thinking was really strange.
 Li Hao could only treat it as a pleasant surprise. It was not bad to have a peak six-elemental, but it was too weak ... Fortunately, he had found a puppet to help him. Otherwise, if he really encountered The Undying Monster plant, it would be difficult to deal with it.
 The group was not in a hurry to leave. The meeting in SuperPower City would only start in two days, so there was no rush.
 It wouldn't be too late to leave tomorrow since the distance wasn't too far.
 ……
 At the same time, the city of superpower was bustling with activity.
  It was as if they were welcoming an important Festival.
 Countless supers returned and the superpower City was as lively as the new year.
 In the city Lord's mansion.
 Lin Hongyu also sensed something. Were Li Hao and the others here?
 How many people were there?
 Or was Li Hao worried and wouldn't come this time?
 Thoughts kept flashing in her mind as she communicated with the clone of the origin in the ring."Sir, perhaps we'll need to rely on you in the end."
 The Redwood was silent. Rely on me?
 He felt that he had not sold himself for a high price this time!
 What a huge loss!

 The next day, the group headed towards SuperPower City.
 This time, they split up.
 Li Hao, Chen Zhongtian, and black Panther, two puppets in a group.
 The heaven sword and the earth sword were in one group.
 Hou Xiaochen and director Zhou were in the same team.
 Originally, the two pairs were used to working together, the officials and the forces of the martial world.
 As for Chen Zhongtian, Li Hao and him could be considered as half watching and half following.
 In case this old man ran off to do something else.
 There was a high probability that he wouldn't betray her.
 However, this person's reputation was so bad that it was even worse than the southern Fist. It wasn't impossible that he went to look for someone to have a child with.
  ……
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It started to snow.
 It was almost December.
 As the city of supers was not too far away from the central region, Li Hao was not in a hurry. He wore a leather coat that covered his body. The Black Panther transformed into a horse ... An ugly, Black Horse that carried Li Hao.
 The two puppets from Yuanping martial arts university were not in a hurry. They looked around curiously, protecting Li Hao like guards.
 Chen Zhongtian originally wanted to ride his god weapon, but he found that Li Hao was not in a hurry. He could only buy a small donkey from an old man on the road and ride with him.
 p At that moment, the donkey was full of curiosity about the Black Panther. It nudged the Black Panther from time to time, making the Black Panther very impatient.  Annoying dog!
 The roads in the central region were still relatively flat. Sometimes, cars would pass by on the road. There were also quite a number of pedestrians who came and went in a hurry. There were also some refugees who had escaped from the square continent. They were still stubbornly moving forward, perhaps because they wanted to go to Sky Star City.
 They were wearing thin clothes, but at least they had reached the central region, so there was still some hope.
 Li Hao looked around while riding the Black Panther. He could vaguely see frozen bones on the side of the road.
 Li Hao just watched and didn't go down.
 Chen Zhongtian was also an experienced man. He glanced at Li Hao from the corner of his eyes, and seeing that Li Hao had not said a word, he coughed and said,""More than 80 years ago, the roadside was filled with frozen corpses in winter."
 "At that time, I also felt uncomfortable looking at it. I was determined to change something. At that time, bandits were running amuck everywhere, and the territory under the Jiang family's control was a tragic sight ..."
 "After that, I went to stellarsky city and fought for a few years. Later, I followed those people and overthrew the imperial family. I established the nine divisions and the inspection Division to ensure the safety of the people."
 Li Hao didn't argue. Perhaps this was what the other party had thought back then.
 This was the truth no matter what.  Chen Zhongtian sighed again."However, ever since the first recovery 20 years ago, things have been different. At that time, the Army lost its greatest role, and the inspection Office was no longer easy to do. When the power of an individual surpassed the power of a group, we realized that it was not easy. The monster plants are also gradually recovering. It's not like the beginning when they could only barely support their lives, but they now possess great strength. "
 "Actually, the monster plants were revived very early, but before that, they were all half-dead. At that time, they didn't dare to act like this. Everything was caused 20 years ago."
 Seeing that Li Hao didn't interject, he continued,"twenty years ago, Ying Hongyue and the others broke through the seal of a mineral vein under a relic and initiated the first recovery. Sometimes, I think that if it hadn't been recovered, we might have been able to complete the reform of the nine divisions. Perhaps ... We wouldn't have become the notorious nine divisions today."
 "Maybe!"
 Li Hao nodded slightly."Without extraordinary power, the Army will still be the Army, and the patrol officers will still be the patrol officers ... Sometimes, you don't need to explain. It's just that some things are done, and the patrol office is now rotten. I've seen the people of the patrol office capture tens of thousands of refugees to mine. I've seen the local patrol officers collude with bandits. I've seen the Army pretend to be Pirates. I've seen the governor as the head of the Pirates, and the Duke as the backer of the Pirates ..."
 Li Hao smiled and shook his head."Officials are not officials, and bandits are not bandits. The nine divisions are clearly powerful. They always say that they are defending against the royal family. In fact, what's the use of having so many reasons?"
 "You guys can take out so many people to kill me, but can't you take out some people to reorganize?"
 It was just an excuse.
 When they were trying to kill me, why did so many divine abilities appear?
 With so many magical powers, to be honest, any pirate would be dead!
 Chen Zhongtian nodded his head slightly and did not argue.
 The two puppets looked at each other for a while before Jiang Yingli suddenly said,""It's boring. I want to go back to school!"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned.
 Li shengzhang also said,"yes, I also want to go back!" I originally thought that it was just a lack of energy, but now I realize that it's so chaotic, so poor, and so pitiful ... Back then, Silver Moon was very rich, and even though it was mainly a military force, the people here were also very rich. Now, it's completely different. "
 He didn't really want to stay here.
  Or perhaps, they felt that this place was no longer the era they had imagined. It was no longer neo martial arts, but a backward, ignorant, and chaotic era.
 There wasn't much sense of immersion, nor was there much intimacy.
 There was only distance.
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't say anything.
 Perhaps they felt that it was chaotic and unbearable, so they could ignore it.
 But Li Hao ... Could he?
 He thought, maybe not.
 After all, I was born in this era.
 So, everything I'm doing now, isn't it for the sake of this era?
 Hong Yitang said that if no one did it, the era would only get worse. Only if someone did it would the era gradually see the light, right?

 Li Hao smiled.
 At this moment, he didn't feel that there was anything wrong with these two puppets. They deserved to be looked down upon. Who asked this era to be so ignorant and dark?
 But, am I not doing it now?
 He believed that things would not be like this very soon.
 "Li Hao, do you want to be the Emperor of this era?"
 Li Sheng Zhang suddenly asked.
 "I don't know." Li Hao smiled.
 "You don't know?"
 "It doesn't matter if you're the Emperor or not, but everyone just has to listen to me."
 Wasn't that the same?
  Chen Zhongtian was a little surprised. He glanced at Li Hao for a long time before asking,"Governor li, if the world is at peace in the end, do you think an imperial system or democracy is better?"
 Li Hao smiled."I don't know. Just listen to me."
 Chen Zhongtian was stunned for a moment, what kind of answer was this?
 Li Hao said indifferently,"I don't know what system is good. I only know that I like to nitpick. I don't think there's anything wrong with it. Any system will do. I think there's something wrong. It has nothing to do with the system. It has to do with the people!"
 Dictatorship?
 Chen Zhongtian thought in his heart. He actually felt that dictatorship was not a good thing.
 But after thinking about it, he didn't say anything.
 The group of people braved the wind and snow and continued to move forward.
 ……
 After walking for almost a day, they finally arrived at the city of superpower.
 In the cold wind and Blizzard, a large city stood in the distance. It was noisy, with supernatural fluctuations and divine power overflowing, driving away the winter and the blizzard.
 That city was like a City of Miracles of this era.
 The tall city walls were even as high as 100 meters!
 He could clearly sense the Super waves on the city walls. Li Hao even saw city-destroying cannons standing on the walls, guarded by experts.
 On the city wall, teams of guards were also wearing all kinds of armor and patrolling in all directions.
 At the huge city gate, there were also teams of soldiers.
 They were all superpowers!
 Almost all the people coming and going were supers. In other places, they were rare, but here, they were everywhere.
 This place seemed to be Hope City.
 This place seemed to be a paradise for superpowers.
 The moment Li Hao and the others stood still, a group of supers arrived behind them. Some came with divine weapons and flew directly over, some came on foot, and some drove. They were all in a hurry. This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Some of them were even stained with blood. They were topless in the middle of winter and loudly boasted to their companions,""That woman tasted really good. I let you guys have a taste, but you're not willing to ..."
 The two puppets seemed to understand him. They seemed to be angry and were about to attack when Li Hao shouted in their minds,""All of you, be quiet. Stay here and listen to me. Without my orders, don't move!"
 The two puppets were a little angry and didn't want to listen to Li Hao.
 They only came out to watch the fun.
 Why should they listen to Li Hao?
 However, when they saw Li Hao staring at them coldly, the two puppets seemed to have quieted down. They were a little afraid, as if they had seen their family elders.
 Even though this guy was very weak!
 Li Hao didn't say anything. Seeing that the two of them had quieted down, he continued riding forward on his Black Panther.
 At the city gate, the guards still wanted to stop them, but with a pa, a leather whip hit one of them, causing him to roll on the ground. Li Hao coldly said,""Are you blind? who dares to stop you?"
 The soldiers clearly didn't know Li Hao, but at this moment, they suddenly felt a chill in their hearts. One of them who looked like their leader hurried forward and said with a smile,""Please forgive them, my Lord. These guys are blind. My Lord, you are right. I will deal with them one by one. Please don't mind them ..."
 "Get lost!"
 "Yes, yes, yes ..."
 The man hurriedly backed away with a big smile on his face.
 Li Hao and the others walked past calmly. Behind them, the leader's chiding could be vaguely heard."Are you guys blind? Didn't you see the two guards following them? He didn't look like an ordinary person. Who would dare to stop him? There are a lot of big shots coming to the city of supers, please show me your talent! If you cause any more trouble, I'll cut you all down!"
 "Yes, yes, yes. Captain, please don't take it to heart ..."
 “……”
 The voice gradually faded away.
 The city was bustling with activity.
 Jiang Yingli couldn't help but say,""Why did you hit me?"
 Li Hao smiled."I'm stronger than them. I can beat them, right?" he asked.
  "Of course it's wrong!"
 "Why are you so bad?" Jiang Yingli was furious. The strong protected the weak, not bullied them. Did bullying the weak give one a sense of accomplishment? They were just doing their job. When you entered the city, shouldn't the guards check you? Why didn't you follow the rules and even hit me?"
 "What will happen in new martial arts?" Li Hao asked, not in a hurry.
 "Your head will be hung at the city gate tomorrow!"
 "Yes." Li Hao nodded slightly and smiled."But this is not neo martial arts."
 The two of them were a little angry and didn't want to talk to him.
 Li Hao said slowly,"I'm just giving it a try. I want to see how the twelve families are managed. It seems ... Ordinary." Also, these guards aren't anything good. Take a closer look. When weak supers come in, they make things difficult for them. When powerful supers come in, they bow and kneel. It's said that if ordinary people enter by mistake, they will be killed by the guards ..."
 "So, do you still think that these guards are innocent?" Li Hao smiled.
 The two of them were stunned and did not speak again.
 "So, what you see may not be true. It seems that you have not suffered much in the past and have not seen the evil of the world."

 Li Hao laughed."His temper is too bad. He's impulsive and easily angered. Although he's undying, his temperament ... Is average. He's still too young."
 The two puppets were about to get angry, but in the end, they snorted and ignored Li Hao.
 At this moment, Li Hao's group was walking on the street. There were superpowers everywhere. On both sides of the street, there were shops selling divine power stones, mysterious powers, weapons, and all sorts of other things.
 There were also things to eat, drink, and play with.
 This city was filled with experts.
 In fact, some people would rather beg for food here than go out and be rich. Ordinary people weren't allowed to enter this place. Li Hao even saw a brothel. It was really ... An eye-opener.
 At this moment, the most discussed topic was the meeting of the cabinet elders tomorrow.
 They were all saying, who could become a Pavilion elder?
 W-w-who is very powerful?
 Li Hao also heard someone talking about the star military governor's office.
  "What bullsh * t governor's office? didn't they say that they were to manage the transcendents of the world? Do you dare to control SuperPower City? What a joke! When the Council of cabinet elders was established, they would join forces with the two sacred mountains and directly raid the Heavenly Star military governor's office! Capture that Li Hao, behead him, and hang him on the city gate!"
 "Hahaha, wouldn't that be letting him off easy? I heard that Li Hao is quite good-looking. Why don't we ... Hehehe ..."
 "You have such a big appetite!"
 "Hahaha, that kind of guy with a high status. Wouldn't it be a great sense of accomplishment to F * ck him up?"
 "That's true, hahaha!"
 "F * ck, it's all because of this B * stard. Now, the night patrolmen seem to be in charge. Two days ago, I killed some people by accident. Those B * stards still dare to hunt me down. They're dogs who take advantage of people's power. In the past, when I saw those lackeys, I didn't even dare to fart!"
 "That's why the city of superpowers is still the best. Li Hao knows nothing. We have supernatural powers and are the masters of the world. We can't be like the mortals, obeying the law and being captured for killing mortals ... There are billions of mortals, but how many superpowers are there?"
 "What does he know? he just wants to show off and let the world know that he, Li Hao, is nothing!"
 "Hahaha, that's true. Once our SuperPower City grows stronger, I'll call all my friends over. In the future, this world will belong to SuperPower City!"
 "Who said it wasn 't?"
 “……”
 The streets and alleys were all discussing.
 When the star military governor's office was established, everyone was still a little afraid. However, these days, the night patrollers did not dare to come here. Li Hao and the others were not here either. The city of superpowers was still growing rapidly. At this moment, who cared about Li Hao?
 Below Li Hao, the Black Panther wanted to bite him to death!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Chen Zhongtian also glanced at Li Hao, but Li Hao's face was calm. He wasn't angry, he just found it funny.  As he rode the Black Panther, he sighed,""Secretary Chen, do you think that these people have forgotten that their relatives, friends, and elders are all ordinary people? why did they lose themselves after gaining a little power? why do they feel that they are the chosen ones, the center of the world, and ordinary people are just tools for them to kill and take?"
 Chen Zhongtian thought for a while and said,"power comes too easily. Wealth too. With power and wealth, without supervision, whatever they want, they can just kill the other party and get it. No one can control them. Now, if someone wants to control them, they will definitely resist ..."
 However, Jiang Yingli suddenly said,"that's not right. There's nothing wrong with suddenly gaining power. However, they only think about power. That's wrong. They don't have a clear goal and belief. It's because of the lack of education!"
 "What do you mean?" Li Hao asked.
 "If they had been educated since they were young, with basic logical thinking, basic morals, and ethics, and could tell right from wrong, power would not have made them lose control!"
 Jiang Yingli said seriously,"actually, many people have experienced sudden power. However, as long as you're not stupid, even if you have power, you won't suddenly lose control like them!"
 Li Hao was deep in thought."You mean, it's still a problem with education?" he asked.
 "En!"
 Jiang Yingli nodded her head."If you were educated since you were young, when you become an adult, even if you suddenly obtain great power, your first thought would not be to destroy. At most, you would just live a better life. However, you would not be so arrogant and arrogant."
 "So, I think it's because of the backward education."
 Li Hao nodded. He also felt that this was very reasonable.
 Didn't he also suddenly gain power?
 Did he lose control?
 No, there wasn 't.
  That was because he had basic rationality and logical thinking. He also had morals and ethics. He felt that bullying the weak was wrong and should not be done.
 That was because he had received such an education.
 "But in the eyes of these people, perhaps I should be unscrupulous and do whatever I want when I'm strong because I'm a God!
 Chen Zhongtian also listened quietly.
 He was also thinking about something.
 At this moment, in the center of the city, a huge inner city appeared in front of him.
 There was actually an inner city here.
 It occupied almost half of the city.
 From the people around him, he also heard some things. This was the territory of the 12 families. They were the top in the city and their descendants were all in the inner city.
 In the city, some powerful rogue cultivators could also enter the inner city.

 There were shops and houses in the inner city, but not just any superpower could go there. One had to be at least at the three suns realm to have the qualifications.
 Among the Rogue cultivators, the three suns were not considered weak.
 There was one more thing in the inner city, which was the many super Academies.
 The three major organizations, the nine divisions, and the seven divine mountains had garrisons in almost all of the inner city, except for the sky sword Manor. However, the sky sword Manor did not care about other people's business and did not send anyone over.
 Li Hao opened his eyes and looked toward the inner city.
 Red light flickered in his eyes.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows slightly. There were indeed many experts.
 At his current level, he could see many things.
 In the inner city, there were many supers and their strength was much stronger than the outer city. The three suns "light balls were densely packed. At a glance, there were no less than a thousand people. It was almost impossible to see so many three suns.
 As for Xuguang, Li Hao found that there were about a hundred of them.
  As for magical powers ... Li Hao looked around and found that there were quite a few of them. In a few places, they were particularly abundant. They were probably in the residences of the great families, and almost every family had several magical powers.
 It was probably because the meeting of the cabinet elders was approaching, so the divine powers that were usually outside had all returned.
 A group!
 Li Hao didn't look too deeply. One glance was enough. If he looked too long, he would easily attract the attention of the divine power.
 "He's not weak!"
 Li Hao chuckled and looked at the inner city. It was very big.
 He thought to himself,"it's so big. Even though I have a few mirror shards, it'll probably be hard to cover all of them."
 Of course, tomorrow's meeting would not be held in the entire inner city. Perhaps it would be held in a small place where the mirror fragments could cover it. If it did not work, he had also brought a keyhole chain. He did not know how effective it would be.
 The few of them walked forward. The guards of the inner city were much stronger.
 They all had the strength of sunlight.
 Chen Zhongtian didn't say much and took out a token. The guards respectfully let him in.
 Chen Zhong Tian got off his donkey and said as he walked,""This is the token given by the city of superpower to prevent people from clashing with the powerhouses. This token belongs to the inspector. It's normal for people from the inspector to come and check on the meeting of the pavilion elders. There's a high chance that everyone will go and observe tomorrow."
 Li Hao nodded slightly.
 At this moment, he was also wearing a cloak. He was too lazy to change his face, so he just put on a cloak and finished his business. Many people on the street were like this.
 Chen Zhongtian didn't wear it, but he looked younger, much younger than Chen Yao. He also looked handsome, but he was holding a donkey, so he didn't look as handsome.
 The conversation between the two of them was not deliberately soundproofed, so ordinary people could not hear it. If an expert wanted to eavesdrop, he would have to be better than Li Hao.
  "So, should we go to the Lin family now?"  "Let's go." Chen Zhongtian asked,"if you're careful, you should hide first. We'll decide tomorrow based on the situation."
 "No need!"
 Li Hao shook his head and said,"since Lin Hongyu invited me, I'll let her know that I'm more daring than she thinks." If she's sincere in joining me, then so be it. But if she's pretending to join me to attract me ... I'll grant her her wish! If we go directly, it will only make her more nervous!"
 Chen Zhongtian was also speechless. Sometimes, Li Hao was too careful.
 For example, Fengyun Pavilion.
 At times, he was exceptionally bold. For example, right now, was he really not afraid of being surrounded by these powerhouses?
 Li Hao was naturally not afraid.
 The skilled are bold.
 p Putting aside the two puppets, he had also made a lot of preparations for this trip, although he might not be able to use them. For example, he had brought a lot of energy cannonballs with him. If he were to blow them up directly, half of the city might be blown up.  ……
 Lin family, city Lord's mansion.
 The city Lord's mansion was huge. It was in the middle of the inner city, and it was also the Lin family's territory.
 At this moment, in the main hall of the city Lord's mansion.
 A group of elders were discussing something. Below Lin Hongyu, a group of people were discussing among themselves. Someone looked at Lin Hongyu and said unhappily,""Hongyu is too impatient. Even if she wanted to form a council of cabinet elders, she should have said so in advance. We should have been fully prepared. The Lin family has more seats in the Council. There's too little time now, and everyone is talking about it ... Everyone is doing their best, but we're not prepared. Isn't this giving the right to speak to someone else?"
 "That's right, Hongyu, you should have discussed this with your family before making a decision!"
  "Also, in recent days, why did Lord Sequoia block the entrance and exit? I'm thinking of exchanging it for some spring of life to help me improve. I don't know what's going on. Hong Yu, do you know anything?"
 “……”
 The elders in the family chimed in one after another. Some were dissatisfied and some were complaining.
 This time, it was too full.
 Insufficient preparation.
 He wanted to improve his strength, but in the remains, the Redwood tree suddenly disappeared, causing everyone to be unable to change their spring of life.
 Lin Hongyu sat at the top and leaned back in her chair. She supported her chin with one hand and watched silently.
 After the old men were done complaining, Lin Hongyu smiled.""Elders, elders, there's no point in complaining now. I just want to know where the Lin family's world-suppressing divine weapon is."
 As soon as he said that, someone frowned. Below, an old man with white hair and a white beard said in a deep voice,""That's the Lin family's treasure to keep the family's fortune in check. Hong Yu, when you've become stronger, I'll naturally hand it over to you. As for now ... The Lin family's elder will temporarily keep it."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Lin Hongyu laughed."All seven elements have appeared on the Billboard. I'm only at the peak of six elements. I don't have any trump cards. How can I fight them?" The elders were really ... Short-sighted! If I become strong, would I mistreat the Lin family? How much of your strength can you display if you keep guarding the world-guarding divine weapon? Do you want to overthrow me? Keeping it will weaken the Lin family's strength by 30%. Otherwise, even if the seven elements appear, I will still be able to fight them. How stubborn!"

 "Lin Hongyu!"
 The white-haired old man was a little angry."Is this how you talk to your family's elders?"
 Lin Hongyu laughed, looking a little lazy."Then what should I say? My talent and power have surpassed even you old fogeys. I have even become the city Lord of SuperPower City. The other 11 families did not dare to disobey me. Even if they did not, they had their backs. You old fogeys only know how to complain, hide, and suck blood all day long. So what if the world-suppressing divine weapon is in your hands? Great elder, do you still want to be the city Lord? If I give it to you, do you dare to take it?"
 The old man was furious!
 The other elders 'expressions changed as well. Lin Hongyu had never been polite in the past, but because she still had to rely on the Lin family, she had never been so direct. Today, she had actually mocked these elders in public!
 It was simply ... Lawless!
 "Lin Hongyu, are you trying to rebel?"
 "No respect, no respect, no law!"
 "I've already said that a woman can't be in charge, but you didn't believe me. Look at this now, are there still rules?"
 "Fortunately, we didn't give her the world-suppressing divine weapon. Otherwise, we wouldn't even have the right to speak."
  “……”
 The group of people were making a ruckus. Of course, there were also people who spoke up for Lin Hongyu and comforted the crowd,""I'm doing this for everyone's sake, for the Lin family's sake. Now that the Billboard is out, you've all seen that all seven elements have appeared. I'm very anxious ... And Li Hao is eyeing Power City. If I were to give the world-suppressing divine weapon to me, I'd be more confident in dealing with the seven elements and the star military governor ..."
 "Bah! That Li Hao is just a kid. How would he dare to provoke us? With the twelve families working together, they could easily suppress him. Even if Silvermoon and the others came together, they would not be able to escape the fate of death! I think you just want to chase us away and take over the Lin family ..."
 Lin Hongyu was too lazy to say anything else.
 The power of the Lin family, my ass!
 Short-sighted!
 If not for the Lin family holding her back, she might have suppressed the other 11 families if she had gotten her hands on the world-suppressing divine weapon a long time ago. In the end ... These old fogeys kept it a secret and refused to give it to her no matter what.
 Even if she led the Lin family to this point, to become the head of the twelve families and the city Lord of SuperPower City, the result would still be the same.
 They were afraid that she would take over the Lin family's power!
 In this situation, all seven elements had appeared. In the past, Lin Hongyu wasn't in a hurry. She was confident that she could defeat anyone. But now?
 The Lin family was still the same!
 Since that's the case ... Then don't blame me for being impolite.
 She was too lazy to say anything more. It was time for the old fogeys of the Lin family to wake up from their Grand dreams of dominating the world. A family that even their own peerless geniuses didn't support wanted to unify the world ... And wanted to build a Holy Land comparable to star suppression city ... It was time to wash up and go to sleep!
 If it weren't for the fact that they were a family, she would have flipped out a few years ago.
 He could only blame himself for not being overbearing enough. Which of these old guys would really be afraid of him?
 He was bound by the family rules.
 As she was thinking, her heart suddenly moved.
  At this moment, a faint divine intent spread out.  Lin Hongyu's expression changed.
 This aura was very familiar.
 This guy was so bold!
 She couldn't believe it. She had thought that Li Hao would come, but she didn't know that he would be so bold and come openly.
 She quickly got up, no longer caring about the noisy elders, and walked out.
 "Lin Hongyu, we're not done here. Where are you going?"
 "Come back!"
 "Impudent, this is simply lawless ..."
 ……
 Outside the door.
 Li Hao smiled."Isn't Lin Hongyu the one in charge of the Lin family?"
 He could hear the scolding.
 Chen Zhongtian was a little alert. At this moment, he also smiled,""These ancient families sometimes have a lot of rules. It's said that they've been passed down from ancient civilizations and have all kinds of rules. It's so many that it makes one's hair stand up ..."
 "Ancient civilization?" li shengzhang asked curiously,"are you talking about us?" Do we have any rules?"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned.
  Li shengzhang said softly,"we do have rules, but most of the time, we don't care too much about them. Respecting the old and loving the young is a virtue, but when doing things, we always let the capable ones be above the mediocre ones." "Take this clan for example. At our time, if such a genius appeared in our clan, who was the strongest and capable, then the clan would support the other party even if it meant exhausting all its strength. For example, the human King. At that time, Zhi Zun felt that the human King could do better than him, so he took the initiative to retreat behind the scenes and gave the core position to the human King, smoothly completing the transition. "
 "The more capable you are, the more you can eat. Those who are incapable, even if they are elders, should step back and enjoy their old age. If they are too idle, they should teach and educate people, for the family, for the human race, and for the new generation."
 Li Hao nodded. This was not bad.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Of course, he didn't feel too deeply about it, because he was the only one in the Li family, and no one was holding him back. As for his teacher, he did as he pleased. He wouldn't order Li Hao to do anything, force him to do anything, and even less force him to do anything.
 At this moment, the guards outside the door were very vigilant.
 He didn't know what these few people wanted to do.
 He wanted to chase them away, but he felt a sense of danger.
 Just as they were hesitating, a person walked over in a hurry. The guards 'expressions changed and they hurriedly bowed."City Lord!"
 Lin Hongyu nodded slightly and looked at the people outside the door. First was Li Hao, who she recognized at a glance.
 Then, he looked at Chen Zhongtian and was a little confused. Who was this?

