fileno%d
't do, that won't do, are you going to block it?"
 "Fine, I'll go ... But how can my family resist? If we mobilize all the soldiers in the West, perhaps ... Perhaps we can hold them off for a while. When the Heavenly Star military governor's office has taken care of the Li Dynasty, perhaps we will have the time and energy to come and rescue them!"
 "Are you kidding me? is the Li Dynasty that easy to deal with? Even if it's settled, the great wilderness in the East and the water Cloud Alliance in the South are both in great danger ..."
 The more he spoke, the more desperate he became!
 Someone looked at the old Duke and said helplessly,""Old Duke, the quelling Duke's public house has always been the top force in the West. For this matter, we still need the quelling Duke's public house to come up with an agreement!"
 The old Duke coughed and said calmly,""Don't they usually cause a lot of trouble? At this time, you want my quelling Duke Manor to make a decision? What other decision could he make? Surrender ... Not good! If we really surrender, will the star military governor's office let us go? There was no way to fight! Since that's the case ... Send a message to Li Hao. If we can save him, we'll do so. If we can't ... We can only give up! They can't ... I know better than you that those gods aren't just seven-elemental, they're eight-elemental, nine-elemental ... They're even at the so-called Sun-Moon level!"
 "The Western continent has a few powerful people, but they don't have ten of the seven elements...If they go, they'll just be throwing their lives away! The other side also had a million God nation soldiers, all fanatical believers! When we fight, we're not afraid of death ... Millions of soldiers, even tens of millions of soldiers, are all going to die ... We don't have a military force as strong as the heaven battling Army. "
 It was a very despairing thing!
 Even though the entire nation was now equipped with martial arts, the time was too short.
 Now, a large number of young people from the Western continent were willing to join the war to protect their country. They were also influenced by Li Hao and were willing to stand up.
  But ... What was the use?
 It was completely useless!
 Even if they called for tens of millions of troops to join the battle, they would only be sending themselves to their deaths.
 The old Duke sighed,"that's the only way. Surrender ... And wait for death!" Everyone ... Other than this, all other methods are just a joke. "
 Someone was dissatisfied and said in a low voice,"I wasn't this desperate when I was preparing to attack the Heavenly Star military governor's office!" As expected, you're an expert in internal warfare and an outsider in external warfare!"
 "Bullsh * t! If you're so capable, then go and attack the Western divine Kingdom!"
 "If Li Hao could fight, he would've done so a long time ago. Why would he call for help? Now, the war with the Li Dynasty in the North, I think, is just because you are afraid of death and want our three continents to be destroyed!"
 “……”
 A group of people were talking.
 Suddenly, a vast power descended, and in an instant, a voice sounded in his ears.""Eh ... Everyone's here!"
 Everyone was shocked!
 The next moment, Li Hao's figure appeared. Everyone was shocked. They naturally knew Li Hao, and they were all extremely surprised. Li Hao ... Why had he come?
 The high Duke's expression changed slightly, and the others who had criticized Li Hao just now were also frightened!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, smiled brightly."What a coincidence. I was only looking for old Duke an. I didn't expect you to all be here ... Is this a gathering of the Western overlords?" If we catch all of them at once ... Will there be no more resistance in the Western continent?"
 Everyone's heart turned cold!  The old Duke, on the other hand, was slightly calmer. He said,""Governor, You must be joking! "Now that the divine Kingdom is attacking, if the governor doesn't come, the Western continent ... Will also become someone else's territory. I didn't understand in the past, and I didn't have much knowledge. I thought I could dominate a region, but now I understand ... It's just a joke!"
 The old Duke sighed."Now, we have long given up on the idea of dominating a region and becoming the Emperor, the king of the people ... If the four countries had not attacked us, perhaps we would have already submitted to the governor's office. The governor would not have to make fun of us."
 Li Hao laughed."The old Duke is interesting!"
 "It's not interesting, it's just that I'm older, so I can see it more clearly. "
 "Governor, you've come today ... I wonder if you have any means to deal with the divine Kingdom?" the old Duke sighed.
 Li Hao nodded slightly."I have some ... But I need you to cooperate with me."
 "Commander, please speak!"
 "It's not a big deal," Li Hao said."Come with me. After that, we'll just pacify the people in our territory!"
 Li Hao's smile was brilliant."I was wondering if I should run from house to house. Since we're all here, it'll be much more convenient!"
 "Governor ... What do you mean?"
 Some people were a little nervous.
 Li Hao smiled."It's nothing. It's just that ... The governor's office is about to send troops to Scandinavia!" I hope you won't cause any trouble!"
 "Then the Li Dynasty ..."
 "There will naturally be someone to deal with it in Dali!"
  Everyone found it unbelievable. Li Hao smiled and said,""Everyone, come with me!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After he finished speaking, he reached out and grabbed a person. He smiled and said,""Don't send any messages. I've already sealed off the surroundings. Let me see, what did you send?"
 Picking up a communication Jade, Li Hao glanced at it and said with a smile,""Li Hao has arrived at quelling Duke Manor and is about to send troops to Scandinavia. Quickly inform the messenger ..."
 Li Hao shook his head,"are you an idiot?" I'm so powerful, and you're sending messages right under my nose?"
 Crack!
 He directly crushed the other party to death!
 In an instant, everyone was terrified. The expert who had been crushed to death was an expert with five or six magical powers. More importantly, he had opened many acupuncture points, but he was crushed to death by Li Hao in an instant!
 "Which province are you from?"
 "The Western border of the land of the far west!" The old Duke's expression was grave.
 Li Hao nodded."It seems that the God nation isn't doing nothing. They've come directly." It's fine ... It's just a small problem! If you don't want to be crushed to death ... Then come with me!"

 The others didn't dare to say anything. Although Li Hao was alone, they didn't dare to resist.
 They were all very sorrowful!
 He could suppress all of them by himself.
 "The old Duke said a few words and went out to get reinforcements ... Tell the manor not to be in chaos!"
 "Understood."
 The old Duke sighed and quickly said a few words to the outside.
 Li Hao didn't care about this. Back then, he was the one who had killed the quelling Duke, but he wasn't worried about this.
 A wise man submits to circumstances!
 Soon, a group of senior executives were led to the warship. They were all shocked. It turned out that Li Hao was serious. He was really going to send troops to Scandinavia!
 ……
  At the same time.
 In the West.
 A huge city was floating in the air.
 At this moment, in a large hall, many statues stood.
 Suddenly, one of the statues opened its eyes.
 A moment later, the Queen of Scandinavia descended and said in a deep voice,""The Prophet suddenly woke up. Is there something you want to say?"
 The statue's voice was a little old.""Your Majesty, I saw a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood ... I saw the collapse of the divine Kingdom. This trip will be dangerous!"
 The Queen was stunned and frowned slightly."The second recovery has not begun. Now, our Scandinavia is unparalleled!" That's why I sent out my troops first to unify the world and wait for the second recovery to begin ..."
 "Could it be that the Prophet saw the scene after the second awakening?"
 "Maybe. I can't be sure."
 The Queen frowned. Could it be that ... Even if they had prepared in advance and revived a second time, they would still be unable to defeat those powerhouses?
 At this moment, another statue came to life. It opened its eyes and said in a sonorous voice,""Don't worry, Your Majesty. With us here, even if the second revival begins, the divine Kingdom will still be prosperous! In the past, new martial didn't destroy us!"
 The Prophet sighed."God of War ..." He said."Don't try to bewitch His Majesty ..."
 "His Majesty has made his own decision. You don't need to threaten His Majesty!"
 The war god let out a low growl and closed his eyes again. This old thing was actually backing out? this couldn't do.
 The Queen was silent for a moment."I understand. I will also be more careful against these existences from the new martial era. I won't be careless!"
 At this moment, she only thought that she was a prophet who had seen the scene after the second awakening.
 Furthermore, even if he saw the future, it was not 100% certain that he could change it.  The Prophet hesitated for a moment, but still said,""Your Majesty, it might not be neo martial!"
 "What?"
 "I ... I'm not sure, but I saw ... A Tiger flag!"
 "What?"
 The Queen was stunned. The flag of a fierce tiger? wasn't that the flag of Li Hao's Army?
 How could this be!
 Did the Prophet mean that he would lose to Li Hao?
 How could that be possible?
 The Queen couldn't help but laugh. The God nation was incomparably powerful. Even the gods were recovering, and there were countless experts. As long as it wasn't a second recovery, and those ancient experts walked out of the ruins, the God nation had no fear!
 "I got it!"
 The Queen smiled."Prophet, you should rest first. Predicting the future is quite exhausting. After we take down the big mine in Heavenly Star Town, I will let everyone recover their full strength!"
 With that, he turned around and left.
 Did the Prophet see wrong?
 Or perhaps, after the second recovery, Li Hao had sided with the ancient city?
 That was also a possibility!
 ……
 At this moment, the three warships began to move toward the West.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao looked ahead, a little excited.
 This time, I'll be able to witness the true combat power of a God and satisfy my curiosity.
 Also, how many deities were there in the West?
 "Perhaps, I can capture or kill them to perfect the activation of some Dao meridians.
 He could already see the city from afar.
 City Kinesis flight ... This huge city seemed to be an extremely powerful divine weapon.
 The powerhouses around Li Hao were also getting restless.
 Jiang Li glanced at Li Hao and saw his excitement. He sighed."Your Majesty, we've been fooled. Li Hao's target is the divine Kingdom!"
 Once the God nation was destroyed ... The Li Dynasty's chances would be even slimmer!
 [PS: I won't be writing any end-of-month summary for this month. I've been in a bad state for the entire month. My body isn't doing too well either. I've been in a bad state all this time. I'm physically and mentally exhausted. I'm sorry, everyone. I hope next month will be a good start.]

 On the battleship.
 Li Hao looked into the distance. The huge city was approaching in the air at a moderate speed.
 In the city, there seemed to be a powerful aura rising faintly.
 Li Hao watched in silence.
 Beside him, the powerhouses were ready.
 Three battleships were floating in the air.
 Many people were already sweating and holding their weapons nervously.
 A God!
 To everyone, the word 'God' still had some deterrence.
 At this moment, Li Hao's voice rang out,"let's start the battle. All troops, attack!" He only had one request ... To kill! Kill all beings that are not from our side!"
  "Everyone ... It's time to inspect the Heavenly Star military governor's office!"
 A long sword appeared in Li Hao's hand. It was the starry sky sword.
 As for the clone, he didn't use the starry sky sword as the carrier this time. He only used an ordinary divine weapon as the carrier.
 He had been worried that the Dali King would have other thoughts and snatch his starry sky sword.
 "Follow my orders!"
 Li Hao held the longsword in his hand, and divine runes poured into it.
 The starry sky sword kept trembling.
 Those who were close to Li Hao could already feel the powerful force flowing in the sword. Not only that, but the void seemed to be torn apart, and an even more powerful force poured into Li Hao's body.
 In the distance, there seemed to be some fluctuations in the huge city.
 ……
 In the city.
 Millions of elite soldiers set up camp, and a large number of powerhouses walked in all directions. In the temple, the Queen of Scandinavia kept frowning.
 Today ... Why did she feel a little flustered?
 Was he frightened by the Prophet's prophecy?
 At this moment, she vaguely felt that something was wrong. She suddenly flew out of the hall and floated above the divine Hall, looking into the distance. Suddenly, her expression changed. In front of her, the sky seemed to be splitting open.
 It felt like the beginning of chaos.
 The Queen's expression changed, and she quickly shouted,""My fellow subjects of God, be on your guard ..."
 Just as she finished speaking.
 Suddenly, the sky seemed to be completely torn apart.
 In the darkness, a ray of sword light lit up the starry sky.
 "Li Hao!"
 The Queen's expression changed!
 In an instant, a light shield appeared above the huge city, but it was instantly torn apart by the sword aura. In the distance, Li Hao shouted coldly, his voice reverberating like a great Bell,""Kill! Demon hunting!"
 "Kill!"
 "Demon hunting!"
 A loud shout resounded through the sky. The next moment, three battleships pierced through the void and crashed into the giant city. 50000 armored warriors, with the heaven battling Army as the vanguard, rushed into the chaotic camp with long Spears and swords in their hands and raised their butcher's knives!
 "Kill!"
 At this moment, another sword light shot into the void!
 BOOM!
 He headed straight for the temple.  The Queen was already awake and roared,""Gods, please awaken and kill the enemy!"
 Li Hao was coming.
 It was unexpected!
 For a moment, she thought of the words of the Prophet. She had thought that it would be the scene after the second awakening, but she did not expect that it might be today.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Powerful auras shook the heavens and earth.
 One after another, imposing existences crossed the void.
 Hundreds of puppets, monster plant clones, and a large number of powerful martial masters tore the sky apart.
 Li Hao's sword slashed down!
 The sky changed color as beams of bright light burst out from the shrine. Powerful existences came back to life one after another. Some of them were still confused, while others were furious.
 "How audacious!"
 "Fanatic!"
 "You're looking for death!"
 The godly spirits quickly recovered, and between the heaven and earth, a majestic figure quickly emerged and blocked the sword light that destroyed everything. However, it also shocked the godly spirits.
 At this moment, a huge mirror suddenly appeared in the void. In the next moment, 12 powerful monster plant true bodies were lined up in all directions.
 In the center, a towering tree swayed.
 Beams of bright light covered the world.
 General Huai's voice was calm and reverberated in all directions."Get into formation!"
 BOOM!
 The void seemed to be cut apart, and the sky and earth were separated. The 13 powerful monster plants did not participate in the battle. Instead, at this moment, they chose to set up an array and seal the sky and earth.
 The Queen's expression changed.
 What kind of confidence did he have to make such a choice?
 ? The 13 powerful existences didn't participate in the battle. Instead, they sealed off the divine Kingdom City.
 She quickly looked at the group of people in the distance, at the person at the front, Li Hao!
 Yes, at this moment, she knew that the person was Li Hao.
 He was coming!
 "Li Hao!"
 "You're courting death!"The Queen shouted coldly.
 In the distance, Li Hao's voice was like a great Bell, like the sound of heaven and earth.""You've invaded Heavenly Star, unkind, disloyal, unfilial, shameless, and disrespectful! Unforgivable! Now, surrender and I'll spare your lives!"
  "Laughable!"
 The Queen of Scandinavia flew into the sky. At this moment, it was as if a bright moon had appeared between heaven and earth, illuminating the world!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Her expression was cold and divine.
 He was like the Lord of heaven and earth!
 "Li Hao, this world is our world. The neo martial artists are the invaders. You, the descendants of the neo martial artists, are all invaders!"
 It was as if the Queen had been possessed by the moonlight, and she emitted a powerful glow of the sun and the moon.
 At this moment, it was as if they were really gods and demons. Below them, the God nation's Army, which had been beaten to a pulp, suddenly became excited and roared,""My God will shine through the ages!"
 "A battle between gods!"
 "Fight, fight, fight!"
 Countless soldiers seemed to have gone crazy at this moment. They had been forced to retreat repeatedly, but at this moment, they erupted with madness and forced the powerful heaven battling Army to retreat.

 The two sides instantly engaged in a brutal battle within the city.
 This was a fanatic.
 If it was an ordinary Army that was suddenly attacked by 50000 elite transcendents, not to mention an Army with a million soldiers, even more would be defeated. These demon hunters were all elites.
 However, at this moment, he was still pushed back by the other party.
 Behind the Queen, many figures quickly appeared. There were extremely powerful existences, and they were extremely excited."The moon goddess is about to return. We are the spirits of the world, the masters of the world!"
 The moon goddess!
 As for Li Hao, he smiled and looked at the Queen.""So it's you!"
 That's right. At that moment, he knew who the person with the physical body Dao Meridian was.
 It was actually the Queen of Scandinavia!
 As for this Queen, she might have an even more important identity. No wonder she could command these gods. She might be the reincarnation of the moon god who was killed back then.
  Or rather, the second moon god had been resurrected.
 The moon goddess was the leader of the gods in the land of the Silver Moon.
 "Kill!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything more. With a shout, hundreds of puppets charged out in an instant!
 Not only that, at this moment, the sword light shone brightly.
 The sky sword and the earth sword had attacked. The five elements divine fist also broke the void instantly.
 Everyone attacked!
 The Sword of Light slashed out, and in the void, a terrifying existence appeared. It was like a god, but in fact, it was a God. The power of light shot into the sky and earth, carrying a sense of compassion."Light is everywhere!"
 BOOM!
 As if the sun had descended, the light sword's sword light was instantly shattered. Seeing that it was about to be killed on the spot, the light sword roared and silently attacked with a Shadowless Sword!
 Light and darkness combined!
 ? At this moment, a battle broke out in all directions.
 The Redwood tree and other monster plant avatars also moved out and wrapped around the world.
 At the same time, a goddess with extremely strong vitality walked out of the void and sighed.""Life is in my hands! The monster plant is just a branch of life!"
 With a wave of his hand, the sky was filled with Starlight, as if it was the light of life.
 In the distance, a huge war god appeared and shouted coldly,""We have never feared war! Battle!"
 "When the world was first created, the earth gave birth to all living things ... I control the earth!"
 A goddess also appeared instantly. It was the God of the earth.
 The earth God of the older generation had already fallen, and his corpse was with Li Hao. The earth God of this generation was born again, and she was a goddess.
 At this moment, many gods appeared, all extremely powerful.
 The powerful war god even managed to block more than ten puppets by himself. With a punch, the sky collapsed and the earth cracked. Some puppets were directly sent flying, and the powerful force even left cracks on the puppets 'bodies.
 At this moment, only a few people on both sides did not move.
 The Queen of Scandinavia stood in the air, staring at Li Hao with a cold and angry look.  Li Hao, on the other hand, was calm.
 Beside him, Jiang Li didn't make a move either. He was only a little shocked by the strength of the two sides. Li Hao's side had unparalleled combat strength, but the divine Kingdom had instantly dispatched more than 30 deities!
 Every one of them was extremely powerful, and they definitely had more than seven elements.
 Jiang Li was shocked!
 According to Li Hao's categorization, deities with seven elements or above possessed combat power at the seventh level of the mountain sea realm, between the seventh level of the mountain sea realm and the third level of the sun Moon realm.
 On the other hand, except for a few top-notch divine guards and top-notch priests, Jiang Li and the king of Dali could be considered to be at the level of the sun and moon.
 However, there were at least seven or eight deities here, and they all had the combat strength of the sun and moon realm.
 It was at least equivalent to opening 10 meridians.
 Was this the God nation's power?
 In the distant temple, there were still waves of powerful auras rising. Perhaps it was still recovering, and another god was about to appear.
 ……
 "Governor li ..."
 Jiang Li looked at Li Hao in shock.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had been staring at the Queen. He sensed that a powerful aura was recovering and fighting for the power of the world, seizing control of it!
 The reincarnation of the first or second moon Goddess was currently fighting with him for control of this world.
 And ... Li Hao really felt that he couldn't win against the other party.
 The heavens seemed to favor this person more.
 The Queen looked at Li Hao coldly."You must know that we are the original creatures of this world. You ... Are all outsiders!" Whether it's heaven's will or heavenly Dao, they all belong to us!"
 A powerful pressure spread out in all directions.
 On Li Hao's side, he felt the momentum of the world.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had always been the one to suppress others with his power, but today, he experienced the feeling of being suppressed by heaven and earth, as if he was going to be crushed to death.
 This was the will of the heavens!
  Li Hao wasn't as popular as the Queen.
 Jiang Li was already sweating profusely. He felt immense pressure.
 Li Hao's head was also covered in cold sweat.
 "Open!" Li Hao shouted the next moment.
 The bright star sector opened!
 As if the sword had torn apart the universe, a monstrous force poured into Li Hao's body. Li Hao said coldly,""Heaven's will is still too naive. In this era, the Dao is the core! You can suppress me, but not the great Dao!"
 BOOM!
 An immense pressure was exerted on the Queen. Li Hao reached out and grabbed. Stars seemed to appear in the sky, forming a straight line and pressing down on the Queen!
 "Even a grain of rice can compete with the sun and the moon for brilliance!"
 "Break!" The Queen shouted and waved her hand. A bright moon appeared, and with a loud bang, the moon Shattered Stars.

 Li Hao's expression did not change!
 "Don't worry about me!" The voice rang out again."Kill all the gods and leave yueshen to me!"
 At this moment, all of Li Hao's Dao meridians had appeared.
 Nine complete sacred art Dao meridians, 10 attribute-less Dao meridians that were all activated, and the other 26 Dao meridians that were half-activated all appeared.
 His powerful combat strength was instantly revealed.
 However, the Queen of Scandinavia was also unparalleled in strength. A scepter suddenly appeared in her hand, and she swung it at Li Hao. It was as if the universe had been shattered, and even the passageway maintained by the starry sky sword trembled.
 "Li Hao, do you think this King doesn't know what you're relying on?"
 The Queen shouted coldly.
 She didn't see the battle between Li Hao and the Li King with her own eyes, but she knew the situation. She even knew that Li Hao had borrowed the power of the great path universe and wasn't that strong himself.
 As long as his connection with the second universe was broken, Li Hao would only be an ordinary expert with around 20 traces.
  According to Li Hao's own cultivation technique, with the power of 20 DAOs, he would reach the peak of the ninth level of the sun Moon realm if he opened 36 DAOs.
 20, between the fifth and sixth level of the sun Moon realm.
 Compared to the new martial artists, they were only comparable to their current undying, not the undying with the great Dao of origin.
 The Queen of the kingdom of God had also broken the boundary of heaven and earth. Her combat strength was extremely powerful at the moment. With one strike of her staff, Li Hao's Nine Star Pearl was shattered.
 Jiang Li, who hadn't made a move, suddenly changed his expression.
 He was too strong!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was no wonder that the Western divine Kingdom could stand in the West for so many years and even experience neo martial arts without being destroyed.
 He originally didn't want to attack, but at this moment, a white jade color suddenly appeared on his body, and a powerful beginner martial aura rose. He was about to help stop the Queen when Li Hao's voice sounded."You go deal with the war god!"
 In the distance, the war god was worthy of being the leader of the war.
 At that moment, nine puppets were fighting him alone, but they were unable to lift their heads. There were even cracks on them. Jiang Ying, li, and the other robot cats were stronger than the other puppets. They were also fighting against the war god, but they were still no match for him.
 Jiang Li's expression changed ... Li Hao ... Doesn't he need help?
 Even though he had some doubts in his heart, he did not say anything.
 Li Hao's current strength was almost the same as when he had fought the king of Dali, who had been defeated after Li Hao Ran through the bright star sector.
 But today, not only did the Queen stop Li Hao, but she even retaliated.
 This Queen's combat power had even surpassed that of the king of Dali.
 ……
 The Queen had broken the nine Star Pearl with one strike!
 The next moment, he took a step forward and appeared in front of Li Hao as if he had crossed space. He looked at Li Hao with a cold expression."Is this your trump card and your confidence?"
 Just this?
 There were many powerhouses, and even gods were constantly being defeated. However, some gods were still recovering in the temple. If that was all Li Hao's side had, Li Hao would not have an easy time even if the divine Kingdom was attacked today.  If they could kill Li Hao, it would be worth it even if a few gods had to die.
 After killing Li Hao, the divine Kingdom would be able to move forward and suppress heavenstar!
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He waved his hand again, and the power of the five elements appeared. A cage appeared between heaven and earth. The Queen waved her scepter, and the moon fell directly to the ground. Even a bright moon appeared in the bright star World.
 She revealed a smile."Originally, I didn't know the exact coordinates of the Dao universe. But you ... Showed it to me. After this battle, perhaps I can explore the Dao universe. Li Hao, you're very enthusiastic!"
 This was a mockery, but it was also the truth.
 Deities did not know the exact location of the universe of the great path, but they also had natural Dao meridians.
 It was extremely powerful!
 Today, Li Hao had opened the bright star World in front of them. If they could lock onto the location of the bright star World, perhaps they would all be greatly improved.
 The scepter was thrown out again. Li Hao took a step back, and the void was shattered.
 The Queen stepped forward again, her voice shaking the world.""If you surrender now, I will spare your lives!"
 Li Hao had been overbearing before, but now, he was no match for the Queen. The morale of the divine Kingdom's side soared!
 All the gods laughed out loud!
 One after another, the Heavenly Star experts shed blood in the world!
 The sky sword and the earth-overturning sword were working together to deal with a God. At this moment, the God suddenly roared and transformed into a giant. He punched out, and the sky and earth cracked. The powerful defense of the earth-overturning sword was broken in an instant!
 Tian Jian roared in anger as he slashed through the heavens!
 However, it was still difficult to stop!
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, the huge long sword was smashed into pieces. Tian Jian's face turned pale and he spat out a mouthful of blood.
 At the side, Hong Yitang roared and slashed with his sword, turning the world upside down!
  However, the God opposite him laughed wildly.""It's nothing more than this!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he stomped down with his foot!
 BOOM!
 The sword formation of the Earth overturning sword was shattered. In the distance, a God laughed."Giant spirit God, kill them!"
 The giant God was the giant spirit God known for his strength.
 One man can overcome ten!
 His powerful combat strength was unparalleled under the heavens. He had broken through the Joint Forces of the sky sword and the earth-overturning sword, who had already entered the ninth level of the mountain sea realm. He even wanted to kill the two experts. This God truly possessed the power of the sun and moon.
 At this moment, a circle of ripples appeared.
 BOOM!
 After blocking the second attack of the mighty miracle God, a shield appeared above the two of them. The mighty miracle God took a look and smiled,""So it's you. If this God doesn't remember wrongly ... In the past, someone in heaven battling city used you ..."

 The old turtle's figure appeared, and he sighed with emotion.""I didn't expect you to really be able to recover!"
 "Hahaha! This world originally belonged to us, and the gods are immortal!"
 The old turtle chuckled."You're wrong. This world belongs to neo martial!" It belonged to the sword Saint! It's just that the human King didn't want to take it back. Silver Moon was born in the neo martial world. When did it become yours?"
 BOOM!
 Mighty miracle God didn't waste any words and punched out. A loud boom reverberated and the shield that appeared was sent flying.
 His powerful combat strength was on full display.
 Even the old turtle's clone found it difficult to stop him.
 Further away, director Wang and the ninth Division commander were also fighting with the divine Kingdom experts, but they didn't gain any advantage. The monster plant avatars were even suppressed by the life goddess!
 They weren't the only ones. At this moment, there were also many gods that could control the elements of heaven and earth, and their abilities were greatly reduced.
 The top silver Moon martial masters were all greatly restricted.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Even Yuan Shuo, who had encountered a deity, had been restrained, or rather, interrupted, by the powerful five elements fist. Among the five elements, there was actually a lack of fire element, only four elements!
 His opponent was the fire god.
 When Yuan Shuo's fire-type Divine Art appeared, it collapsed instantly and couldn't even be displayed. He, who had strong combat strength, lost the five elements as one and was only under the four elements. In the blink of an eye, he was suppressed by the other party and couldn't even raise his head!
 The 50,000-strong armored Army was not at a disadvantage, but as more and more divine Kingdom soldiers joined the battle, they were in a precarious position. Huang Yu and the other commanders were starting to get anxious.
 Further away, director Zhao and the others were also extremely strong. They were each holding off a God and even had the upper hand.
 However ... It did not have much of an effect on the entire battle.
 Most of them were looking at Li Hao and the Queen.
 These two were the core of the entire battlefield.
 Everyone thought that with Li Hao's strength and the strength he had displayed when he fought the Li King, he was invincible in the current world.
 However ... No one had expected that the Queen of the divine Kingdom was the moon goddess of this generation. Moreover, the favor of the heavens was even greater than Li Hao 's.
 He had suppressed Li Hao!
 In a battle between two armies, the general was invincible, so the morale was bound to be high.
 However ... The invincible Li Hao in their eyes was being suppressed. He was even being pushed back step by step. At this moment, someone became anxious. Southern Fist roared,""Let the monster plant seniors who sealed the void help us in the battle!"
 He actually couldn't take any advantage!
 As soon as he finished speaking, a God punched through his chest with a loud bang. Nanquan was at a loss and couldn't stop vomiting blood.
 He had come with the conviction of victory!
 But ... There was actually a possibility of defeat.
 How could that be possible?
 The puppets were strong and there were many of them. However, at this moment, more and more deities joined the battle. In the blink of an eye, there were nearly 50 deities. It was beyond expectations. Each deity could fight several puppets.
 The puppet students were also cursing at this moment.  "If this old man's main body was still here, I'd kill you with a single sword strike!"
 "F * ck, this is so frustrating! What bullsh * t God, wasn't he casually killed by my neo martial artist back then ..."
 “……”
 They were also angry and aggrieved.
 However, they had no physical body, no qi and blood, and no origin. They only had the body of a strong puppet, which had about seven types of combat power. But against these powerful gods, it was difficult for three to five people to defeat one.
 Some powerful gods could even fight ten at once!
 A few hundred puppets were a lot, but at this moment, it was not just these gods. There were also many experts from the divine Kingdom, all of whom were experts from the temple. Even though heavenstar was not at a disadvantage, it would be extremely difficult to take them down.
 There were also no strong enough experts to support Li Hao.
 Li Hao had surpassed his current limit. Only Jiang Li could join the battlefield with the beginner divine bone, but Li Hao had asked him to deal with the war god.
 ……
 A tough battle!
 Even a fierce battle.
 The Silver Moon martial masters were a bit weaker, after all. Some of them were powerful, but they couldn't even lift their heads. If it weren't for the fact that they had the numbers advantage, they would have died long ago.
 Even so, he was still in danger.
 The Queen of Scandinavia once again destroyed a star with her staff. At this moment, she even struck the starry sky sword. She knew that as long as Li Hao's connection with the great Dao universe was cut off, his strength would inevitably decline.
 After dealing with Li Hao, there was no need to fear these people!
 "Li Hao, you're favored by the heavens and a favorite of this era. Why don't you join my divine Kingdom and I'll confer you a godhood ..."
 The Queen's words were nice, but she didn't hold back at all.
 The powerful scepter struck the starry sky sword again and again, causing it to go berserk.
  As the passageway was being stabilized, it could not retaliate.
 He could only choose to defend passively!
 Under such circumstances, it was constantly trembling from the scepter's attacks, and could be disconnected at any time.
 The next moment.
 With a bang, the Queen suddenly lashed at Li Hao. Li Hao couldn't Dodge in time and staggered from the hit. His head was bleeding, and the light golden blood dripped from his head, dyeing his face red.
 "Governor!"
 "Li Hao!"
 Everyone was shocked. The next moment, someone was about to charge at them, but Li Hao shouted,""Don't worry about me!"
 Done talking, he waved his hand again, and the nine stars appeared once more.
 Not only that, but a godly spirit suddenly appeared and struck out with a palm. The heavens and earth cracked, and a powerful earth-type aura fluctuated.

 "I see!"
 "The body of my first generation Earth God is actually in your hands," the Queen said coldly."That's good. This generation's mother Earth will definitely be able to reach a higher level after fusing with this body!"
 As soon as she finished speaking, the scepter in her hand seemed to change. It seemed to be similar to Li Hao's divine character "Dao", as if thousands of DAOs had gathered.
 Li Hao's divine clone was instantly fixed in the air. The Queen's scepter emitted a faint divine Dao light, which was cold and majestic."Submit!"
 The clone trembled and resisted Li Hao's control!
 The clone was very strong, but at this moment, it was a little disobedient.
 Li Hao smiled bitterly."I've always dealt with others the same way. Today ... I've tasted it on you!" He said.
 The blessing of heaven's will, the suppression of the general trend, the control of avatars, the gathering of great DAOs ...
 These methods were all used by him to deal with others.
 However, today, the Queen had turned the tables on him.
  "Li Hao, stop struggling ... It's all useless!"
 The Queen continuously attacked Li Hao's confidence. She said so much to make Li Hao's morale drop to the freezing point.
 Otherwise, even if they won, it would only be a Pyrrhic victory.
 After all, Li Hao had brought too many experts.
 After forcefully suppressing the God's avatar, the Queen once again strode toward Li Hao. Her movements didn't seem fast, but she appeared in front of Li Hao in an instant. Her staff, which contained extremely powerful pressure, suppressed Li Hao and struck toward his head!
 Li Hao, do you have any other methods?
 Even a God's double could not stop the Queen of Scandinavia.
 Everyone was extremely anxious. At this moment, general Huai's clone, who had sealed the sky and earth in the void, wanted to leave and join the battle. Otherwise, Li Hao might be killed by his opponent.
 That would really be a joke!
 He had created a cage for himself!
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the dark, Zhang an frowned slightly and was ready to make a move.
 The power of the saintly way had not appeared yet.
 The moon goddess that Li Hao had been worried about might not have been able to resurrect, and had instead reincarnated as the Queen of this generation.
 If he didn't take action now, Li Hao might not be able to hold on.
 He was just about to make a move when his heart suddenly moved.
 At this moment, an even stronger aura was shaking above the temple.
 In the temple.
 The Sleeping Prophet seemed to have opened his eyes again, but there was no joy in his eyes, only some worry. He looked outside, and a person seemed to have appeared in his eyes.
 "Zhang an?"
 Although he was old, Zhang an was also extremely old, even older than him. This person was a figure in the early stage of neo martial arts.
 Silver Moon was only born after a thousand years.
 Zhang an's age had even surpassed all the gods, and he knew that he had come to the Silvermoon continent in the past.
 At that moment, the Prophet came to a sudden realization.
 So that was how it was!
 No wonder he saw a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood.
 So it was him!
 "Zhang an, you won't succeed!"
 The Prophet seemed to be in pain. At this moment, the world seemed to have changed. Zhang an's vision blurred, and it was as if he had appeared in a future time and space. Time was passing, and he saw an old man, trembling.
 "The Silver Moon Prophet?" Zhang an frowned.
 "You're going to trap me?"
 He looked at the old man coldly."The immortality of gods is only relative. If you exhaust all your energy to trap me, I'm afraid ... You will die!" He said.
 The Prophet coughed."Let's see ... When the moon goddess kills Li Hao. You have something that belongs to Li Hao. As long as Li Hao dies, you won't be able to appear in this world!"
 Zhang an immediately frowned.
 He was really ... Unlucky!
 The Silvermoon Prophet was a true first-generation God. He had actually died back then, but he had not expected to resurrect. The key was that this guy was a prophet God. He was powerful not in his physical strength, but in his unparalleled mental strength.
 In this world, mental energy was less suppressed. Furthermore, it was a native God, so the suppression was even less.
 It could actually exert the power of The Holy Road!
 Li Hao had wanted to guard against the Saints, but the moon goddess had not resurrected. Instead, this fellow had. This was troublesome.
 He didn't say anything more, he had to end the battle quickly!
 In an instant, the book of Dao appeared, and countless experts appeared. With a thunderous strike, the world began to collapse, but it recovered in an instant. The Prophet grew even older, as if he was burning his life!
 "Don't even think about leaving!"
 He coughed continuously and did not take the initiative to attack. He only dragged his opponent into another space and did not give him a chance to leave.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He knew that if this continued, he would definitely lose!
 Li Hao had actually brought a Saint ... This was something that no one had expected.
  However, the divine Kingdom was not without the power to fight back.  BOOM!
 The pages of the book of Dao in Zhang an's hand kept flipping. The figures of powerhouses appeared one after another, breaking the world. Time and time again, Zhang an kept frowning.
 Now that he was trapped by this fellow, even if he killed him, he would still need some time.
 Li Hao ... Is he alright?
 ……
 The Queen's expression changed slightly. She turned to look at the divine Palace and gritted her teeth."Li Hao, so this is your trump card ... If anything happens to the Prophet, I'll kill all of you!"
 In the Great Hall behind him, a unique aura enveloped the sky. It was incomparably powerful!
 However, the Queen could also sense that the aura was in turmoil, aging, and declining.
 That was the Prophet wasting his life force to stop the powerful enemy.
 Blood was still flowing from Li Hao's head. He looked at her and said softly,""You're wrong. If anything happens to my people, I'll be the one to slaughter the billions of people in your God nation!"
 "I told you to surrender, but you insisted on resisting ... Although I'm not the neo martial King ... I'm not someone you can suppress!"
 At this moment, Li Hao shouted in a low voice,"is that all you have?"
 In the next moment, Li Hao reached out and grabbed the starry sky sword!
 The bright star sector closed!
 Li Hao's aura weakened for a moment. The next moment, Li Hao mumbled,""The will of the heavens can not represent the Silvermoon world! The billions of lives are the true masters of the world, don't get the primary and secondary ones wrong!"
 "All living beings, bless me!"
 At this moment, a figure seemed to appear in the minds of countless people in the stellarsky domain. It was Li Hao.
 At this moment, those who had activated their Dao meridians seemed to see Li Hao.
 "It's everyone's responsibility to protect the country. Sweep away the evil demons for my Heavenly Star!"
 At this moment, everyone seemed to have understood something, but also seemed to have not.
 But soon, everyone who cultivated the new martial Dao had a thought. They should pray for Governor li and defeat the strong enemy!
 Even though ... They didn't know where the strong enemy was.
 In an instant, his Dao meridians began to circulate, and his acupuncture points began to absorb the heaven and earth!
 ……
 At the same time, a powerful force of heaven and earth appeared out of thin air.
 The heavenly will, which was originally biased toward the gods, seemed to be afraid now!
 The common people were the heavens!
 Heaven's will was ignorant, but it knew that the will of the common people could not be disobeyed. It represented heaven and earth, represented all living things. But at this moment, all living things were praying for Li Hao.
 In an instant, the Heaven's Will retreated.
 The Queen, who had been suppressing Li Hao, suddenly released her aura, and her expression changed.
 "How could this be ..."
 "BOOM!"
 Li Hao slashed out with his sword, and the void shattered.
 "Common people's sword!"
 Li Hao smiled and said,"why not?" What were gods? Would the gods give everyone food to eat? Would the gods show concern for everyone? Could the gods allow everyone to read and gain wisdom? Even new martial artists don't need a God, so why would I, Silver Moon, need a God? It's time for the gods to be eliminated, and they can only bewitch the hearts of people!"
 A sword that could slash the heavens!
 The Heaven's Will instantly disappeared. This sword was the sword of the common people!
 BOOM!
 The Queen's scepter was sent flying, and she retreated. Thousands of sword wounds appeared on her body, and blood flowed out like dazzling Starlight.
 The attack and defense were reversed!
 "Kill!"
 With a low shout, Li Hao slashed out with his sword. It was like a mountain, water, fire, and wind ...
 BOOM!
 Heaven and earth turned into chaos. The Queen struck out with her palm, but her palm was instantly pierced through by a sword!
 The scepter appeared again, and Li Hao struck out with his sword, releasing a destructive aura!
  Kachaa!
 A crack appeared on the scepter.
 "Breaking the God in one's heart, breaking the God in reality! The Silver Moon doesn't need a God!"
 Li Hao's voice echoed, humans can only rely on themselves, not gods! Gods only know how to take, and they can only rely on themselves. Foolish people will never become the righteous path of the world!"
 The sword was drawn!
 BOOM!
 At this moment, the Queen's expression changed again and again. Li Hao ... Was not afraid of heaven's will, not afraid of gods!
 He was his own God!
 At this moment, a thought appeared in the minds of countless people ..."I am my God. There are no gods in the world. Only by self-improvement can one be truly powerful!"
 The situation of the battle was reversed in an instant!

 The Queen's palm was pierced by Li Hao's sword.
 At this moment, his face was cold.
 "Li Hao, Who Do You Think You Are?"
 "Do you know what a God is? Breaking through a God, and the Silver Moon is without a God ... Ridiculous!"
 The Queen was furious!
 To gods, blasphemers were the most abominable, and Li Hao was obviously such a blasphemer.
 She stopped talking.
 Suddenly, he looked up at the sky.
 The next moment, a bright moon appeared in the sky. In the depths of the red moon, there seemed to be a door. At this moment, everyone was in a state of panic, as if it was the first time they had seen the bright moon so clearly.
 The moon seemed to have fallen into the human world.
  The Queen's eyes turned red!
 At this moment, the sky changed color, and the red moon shone in the void!
 Li Hao's blasphemy against God was unforgivable.
 Did he really think that he was omnipotent?
 Did he really think that he was the human Sovereign just because he had comprehended a little bit of the human sovereign's path?
 Yes, the Emperor said.
 The Queen had already understood. At this moment, she was like an immortal descending. She waved her hand to hold the moon. On the moon, a red shadow filled the air.
 The Queen's voice was like a clear spring, with a hint of ruthlessness."I am the moon god. The moon is under my control. Moon descent!"
 BOOM!
 At this moment, it was as if the mountains had collapsed and the earth had cracked. It was as if heaven's will had returned.
 The entire land of Silver Moon seemed to hear her voice. Everyone was terrified. There really was a God in this world!
 The moon goddess!
 At first, countless people were praying for Li Hao's blessing. But at this moment, many people were suddenly terrified and stopped thinking. They were only afraid of the moon goddess and the gods.
 After all, Silver Moon was not a new martial artist.
 The People's hearts were not settled, and the People's wisdom had not been completely opened.
 At this moment, the sound of Sanskrit reverberated from the Western country. It was as if the heavens and earth had just been created, and the sound of the great Dao had descended. It was the sound of worship from countless believers.
 "At the beginning of the world, there were no living beings without me. Only gods were born from the Dao. Mother Moon created humans, and the human race began. When humans came out, mother fell, and the moon was Mother ..."
 The billions of people in the Western countries started to pray.
 At this moment, the Queen seemed to have truly become the mother of all.
 He stared at the bright red Moon!
 His eyes were cold, and behind him, countless telekinesis augments came. He said coldly,""Li Hao, this time, you should understand what the path of all living things is! Are your so-called living things as devout as my people? God will only protect the devout!"
 Li Hao's aura had clearly weakened.
 Obviously, at this moment, with the God's miracle, countless people began to believe that there were gods in the world.
 Compared to Li Hao, perhaps gods were more worthy of their trust.
 This was the reality!
 In the Western countries, hundreds of millions of people believed in gods. In fact, there were many people in heavenstar who believed in gods as well.  At this moment, countless people on the stellarsky continent were worshiping Him.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Some neo martial arts cultivators, although they didn't understand these things, wanted to pull up their parents and ancestors who were worshiping them. However, they were soon scolded by their elders for being afraid of gods!
 Li Hao ... Had failed to break the God in the hearts of the people of Heavenly Star.
 The Queen revealed a smile that was as cold as the moonlight. She looked at Li Hao, and her aura continued to rise. She walked toward Li Hao step by step and once again showed her scepter, pointing it at Li Hao."Is this what you mean by having no spirit in your heart?"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He just looked back at the Western continent, the central continent, and the North.
 At this moment, he suddenly felt a little depressed.
 "It turns out that ... I really can't break the God in everyone's hearts. Maybe it's because the time is too short, maybe it's because education hasn't been popularized, or maybe ... I'm too low-key.
 Today, he seemed to have found out that everyone actually believed in gods.
 My so-called 'striving for self-improvement'... Is not something that everyone acknowledges. The star dynasty has been closed off from the public for two hundred years, and it is still a feudal dynasty. Since it is a feudal dynasty, how can it be without a spirit?
 It can't be broken!
 Disappointment, dejection, helplessness, all these emotions burst out at this moment.
 But Li Hao restrained himself.
 He knew that they couldn't be blamed for this. It could only be said that it was limited by the era. Their knowledge and experience were limited. Whether it was governor li or Emperor Jiang, could they be more terrifying than gods?
 The more ignorant they were, the more they believed in gods.
 BOOM!
 At this moment, Li Hao, who had been overbearing just a moment ago, was sent flying again.
 The Queen revealed a mocking expression.
 Li Hao was really a hero.
 However, he was too young and too arrogant.
 Did he think that his status in the hearts of the people would surpass that of the gods?
 What a joke!
 He had spread the new martial Dao, but even so ... So what?
 Not everyone was cultivating, and not everyone understood that the so-called gods in this world were only powerful cultivators. Gods were omnipotent!
 You can't place your hopes on the people to know whether Governor li or the gods are stronger.
 Thus, at this moment, Li Hao's unity of heart was broken!
  It was broken too quickly!
 Just as they had gained the upper hand, everyone was still excited. The next moment, they saw Li Hao being defeated in an instant. The scepter pierced through Li Hao's body. With one blow, Li Hao's armor was shattered, and the scepter stabbed into his heart.
 "Governor!"
 "Li Hao!"
 Everyone was shocked!
 How was that possible?
 At this moment, they were all a little dazed and dazed. In that moment, Li Hao had gathered the strength of the people. Everyone, including the ninth Division commander, felt that Li Hao would definitely win!
 The neo martial artists all thought that Li Hao would win.
 He had actually learned a technique similar to the path of the human Sovereign, which was to draw on the strength of thousands of people to strengthen himself.
 But who would have thought that it would shatter in an instant?

 At this moment, someone realized something and immediately roared in anger,""Dammit! I've already said that there's no need to waste too much time on those foolish people. Bastards, they betrayed us!"
 Mad roars, roars, and anger!
 Li Hao had been betrayed.
 Those who had inherited his new martial arts had betrayed him. At this moment, they no longer trusted Li Hao but chose God!
 Even Yuan Shuo was extremely furious at this moment. He said angrily,""You're not their God, and we're not either. These idiots only believe in these gods that bring disaster!"
 BOOM!
 As soon as he finished speaking, his opponent threw out a punch. A fiery light shot through the sky and earth. Yuan Shuo's four element domain was instantly shattered, and his armor was shattered. In the blink of an eye, his flesh was mangled and burned beyond recognition.
 Fire god sneered."You deny gods and yet you want the world to treat you as gods. Isn't that ridiculous?"
 Yuan Shuo didn't even spit out blood. His entire body was slightly charred. When he heard this, his body suddenly trembled.
 That's right!
  Denying the existence of gods, and still asking the world to treat you as a God ... Isn't it ridiculous? isn't it contradictory?
 Not far away, Li Hao, who was coughing up blood, also heard this. He was slightly stunned.
 BOOM!
 The scepter instantly sent him flying. Li Hao continuously coughed up blood as he was sent flying."Yeah, it's funny ..."
 If he denied the existence of gods, then why create gods for the people of the world?
 For example, in that moment just now, he projected the heaven and earth and summoned the neo martial art cultivators to bless him ... Wasn't ... This also a God?
 The Queen stepped into the air and said coldly,""Li Hao, you don't even know what a God is, and you still want to break through the God-level? You're too young. You've comprehended a few great DAOs, and you dare to show off in front of us?"
 The scepter was thrown out again!
 At this moment, a loud shout was heard. A sword light shot into the sky and broke the firmament. The ninth Master Rose into the air and no longer dealt with the other cultivators. The sword light shattered the opponent's attack.
 He shouted coldly,"Who Do You Think You Are?" Who are you to judge the Li family?"
 With his back to Li Hao, he shouted angrily,"Li Hao, stop talking about those fake things. A battle is a battle. It's either you die or I die. It's just that one spell was broken!"
 He was coming.
 He noticed a problem. The Queen's magical power had not only broken Li Hao's technique, but it had also broken Li Hao's belief in invincibility!
 Li Hao had always believed that he was invincible in the world.
 He also firmly believed that the People's hearts could be used.
 However, on this day ... The king of the Western countries had broken his Dao.
 As a neo martial expert, the ninth Division commander was well aware of this situation. Li Hao was walking on the road of invincibility, but once his belief in invincibility was broken on the road of invincibility ... Li Hao would be crippled, and he might even go crazy from self-doubt.
 Li Hao was too young.
  Everyone thought highly of him and trusted him. His path had been too smooth for him. This time, he had even given his all to deal with the Western divine Kingdom. He had thought that it would be a great victory!  Even the grandson of a Supreme martial artist was invited!
 However ... The battle didn't go in the direction they had expected. Not only Li Hao, but all the Silver Moon martial masters were in the same state. Even the tens of thousands of soldiers below, with the exception of the heaven battling Army, were a little confused.
 They had gathered all their strength to deal with the Western divine Kingdom, but they had suffered a huge setback!
 Li Hao was no match for the Queen of the West.
 The other Silver Moon martial masters were no match for these gods.
 With his back to Li Hao, the ninth Division commander said coldly,""Don't think about this anymore, Li Hao. This is a battle! There were always wins and losses in a battle. The ancestor, the sword Saint, had also been defeated before. He had been crippled mentally and had not made any progress for ten years. However, the ancestor had still drawn his sword and fought in the end. He was a rank-6, but he went against a rank-8. The battle had shocked the world! Everyone said that the longevity Swordmaster's offensive power was number one in the world! Even human Kings can't defeat our ancestors!"
 BOOM!
 With a loud sound, the ninth Division commander drew his sword and fought. His sword intent soared into the sky, and he struck with his scepter. With a loud boom, the sword light was shattered!
 "No matter how much you say, it's not as useful as strength!" The Queen said coldly.
 After all, the ninth Division commander's clone was only a clone.
 At this moment, the sword intent was shattered by the collision.
 The ninth Division commander's golden armor also began to crack. He roared and struck again!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "A sword, used to kill enemies!"
 BOOM!
 The heavens were shattered!
 But the next moment, the powerful Queen smashed down with a bright moon. With a boom, the world shattered and turned into chaos. The ninth Division commander's golden armor shattered, revealing the illusory figure inside.
 A sword mark appeared on the Queen's body as well, but it disappeared very quickly.
  The Queen was a little surprised."The descendant of venerable the sword ... Is indeed powerful. It's only an original body. How could it hurt me?"
 The ninth Division commander snorted coldly and slashed out with his sword!
 The sword light pierced through heaven and earth, but it was shattered by another strike.
 "If you come with your true body ... I'll be wary of you. You're just a clone, yet you dare to show off!"
 The Queen also snorted coldly. Suddenly, she struck out with a palm. The great Dao of origins was already repulsed. Now, with the suppression of the great Dao of heaven and earth, it was even more difficult to move!
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, the ninth master was sent flying back hundreds of meters. He coughed continuously, but what he coughed out was not blood. Instead, it was streams of Origin Energy that were instantly destroyed.
 The ninth Division commander's body trembled violently.
 ? He was still holding the sword in his hand.
 Behind him, Li Hao's mouth was also stained with blood. Seeing this, he didn't say anything. He quickly stepped forward and, with a low shout, slashed out with his sword. The starry sky sword was so powerful that it shattered the opponent's momentum!

 "Ninth master ..."
 Li Hao was a little depressed.
 The ninth Division commander's voice was still sonorous,"do I have to use the word" unbearable "until the end?" She's just trying to crush your belief in invincibility! She's the reincarnation of the moon goddess. How old are you? Do you have any ancient memories? Do you have the experience of countless battles? You don't have anything ... This is just a war, and victory and defeat are common in the military. Li Hao, don't belittle yourself, but ... Don't overestimate yourself!"
 "BOOM!"
 p The void shattered again. Li Hao drew his sword, and the nine Masters drew their swords!  However, the Queen grew stronger and stronger, and her scepter became extremely sturdy. Every strike she struck out carried boundless might. BOOM!
 Li Hao took a few steps back, and the ninth master's figure flickered.
 He still stood there!
 At this moment, he sent a voice transmission."Let general Huai and the others come down to help. There's no need to seal it anymore. This battle ... May not be won. The enemy's morale is high, and they can't take down the moon goddess ... I'm afraid we can't win this battle!"
 Li Hao's expression changed.
  He was unable to ... Win!
 He had come with the conviction that he would win, and he had mobilized all the powerful cultivators he could. Today, at this moment, the ninth master told him that he could not win.
 "It might not be a bad thing!"
 The ninth Division commander transmitted his voice again,'the momentum of invincibility is a belief, but also a burden ... Throughout the ages, only the human King has never been defeated! However, the human King had never been defeated under the protection of countless powerhouses! Every time, there's a top-notch expert to protect him ... But you don 't!"
 Even Zhang an could not be considered a Guardian.
 No matter how powerful Zhang an was, he couldn't help Li Hao fend off all the strong enemies. Thus, Zhang an wasn't the Supreme Being of the Zhang family. That Supreme Being had once blocked all the strong enemies for the human King.
 Li Hao didn't have these.
 A strong enemy like the Queen could only be dealt with by himself.
 Li Hao gritted his teeth and shouted,""General Huai, withdraw the formation and assist the various sides!"
 If he didn't help, his friends and family might die.
 BOOM!
 The sky and earth split open, and 13 giant trees covered the void. Without a word, general Huai transformed into his human form and punched out. With a loud boom, the life goddess, who was suppressing the Emperor guard, was sent flying by this punch!
 General Huai did not say anything. He only used his actions to prove that the saint's clone was indeed stronger than these gods!
 All of a sudden, there were more than ten powerhouses helping him in the battle.
 The situation had turned around, but Li Hao and the ninth Division commander were still no match for the Queen. At this moment, Li Hao seemed to have lost all his previous tricks.
 Only the way of the sword!
 Sword after sword, but each time, it was shattered. The ninth master was the same. He only had the sword Dao!
 The figure became more and more illusory.  At this moment, the Queen was at least at the sixth level of the sun Moon realm.
 In the mountain and sea realm, nine meridians were opened.
 At the sun Moon tier, one tier of three meridians was opened.
 Li Hao's strength was comparable to someone at the fifth level of the sun Moon tier, who had opened more than 20 meridians. With the help of the starry sky sword and the various divine runes, he was at least comparable to someone at the sixth level of the sun Moon tier, who had opened 27 meridians.
 Li Hao could still suppress his opponent with the will of the people, but at this moment ... It was broken by his opponent.
 All of a sudden, without the means of suppression from before, he was obviously no match for the other party.
 The ninth Division commander was getting weaker and weaker. He had been able to cooperate with Li Hao to block the enemy's attacks, but now, he was no longer able to do so.
 He struck out with his sword again and forced his opponent to retreat.
 He glanced at Li Hao and said in his usual cold tone,""Don't think too much about it. She's just borrowing the power of reincarnation to achieve this. You're only 21 years old, but you've already done very well! "The People's hearts can be of use ... But not now. It's too early. Everyone has seen what you've done, but ... This requires time!"
 "Neo martial took 80 years. From the beginning of neo martial to the human King overthrowing the catacombs, it took 80 years to open up the People's minds and win the hearts of the people. Li Hao, do you think you're stronger than all the venerable sovereigns in neo martial? Was he stronger than the human King or Supreme martial artist Zhang? In just a few months, you'll be able to open the minds of the people and win them over?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Li Hao, there's no hurry!"
 The ninth master laughed."Come. I will teach you a sword today. What is the common people's sword?"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the shadow merged into the long sword and roared,""The sword Dao will exist forever!"
 BOOM!
 Heaven and earth shattered, and the long sword shattered as well. The sword directly sent the scepter flying. As if it were a living creature, the sword intent surged and charged straight at the Queen like thousands of people!
 With a slash, the Queen's arm was cut with countless bloody marks, blood dripping.
 The Queen kept retreating. After retreating a hundred meters, she finally sighed."The descendant of the longevity Swordmaster ... His swordsmanship is indeed powerful!"
  The ninth Division commander's clone had already disappeared.
 In the end, it only turned into a sword.
 Li Hao's expression was cold as he looked at the Queen. The Queen revealed a smile."Li Hao, without him, do you have any other methods?"
 "Who else is coming to save you?" she smiled and said slowly.
 She looked around at the crazy experts, who seemed to be provoking them on purpose and luring them to make mistakes so that they could save Li Hao.
 Without the suppression of the general situation, she became more and more powerful.
 Li Hao looked at the place where the ninth master had disappeared and the sword fragments scattered in the sky, somewhat dazed.
 He had always wanted to have a contest with this person sooner or later.
 He wanted to take revenge!
 Today, although only his clone had died, and his main body was still here, but ... A dead person was dead.

