fileno%d
after the first awakening, it seemed that the other party had not been able to enter this place, which was a little unexpected.
 Otherwise, if the other party were to recover at the same time and urgently need energy, they might send people to retrieve some ores.
 But there was none!
 Was there an unexpected factor?
 Black Phoenix could not make a good guess, but he could make a rough guess. For rose thorns to be able to make a breakthrough under such circumstances ... Perhaps ... Something interesting had happened.
 Otherwise, when everyone was weak, the other party would be stronger.
 This was not logical!
 At this moment, director Wang hurriedly said,"then uncle-master should fuse with the body first. Uncle-master is very exhausted now. While the other party hasn't entered and fought their way in, let's fuse with the body first. It will be much easier to deal with them later!" That Sun Xin ...... I hope to capture him alive!"
 He hoped to get some information out of him. Li Hao didn't care who betrayed him, he did.
 He really cared!
  This was of great importance.
 Hei Teng had not fused with his physical body, so he was now exhausted. He might not be a match for his opponent.
 Li Hao also said in a hurry,"senior, fuse with your body first. By the way, this red shadow isn't completely finished yet. It's been scattered, but its core is still in the mirror. Can you force out some information from this guy?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Difficult!"
 "Very difficult!" Hei Teng quickly replied. It's not that easy for an existence of this level to tell the truth. "
 "I know ..."
 "That's right." Li Hao nodded and said,"now that his powerful mental power has collapsed, does it still contain a large amount of Origin Energy?"
 Hei Teng was stunned for a moment before he nodded."His great Dao is still intact. However, I suspect that he's a beginner martial stage expert, so he might not have the great Dao of origins. That's why I thought that he was dead. What do you want to do?"
 Li Hao bared his teeth."What I mean is that most of his dispersed spiritual power is stored in the mirror. If someone absorbs it, won't they become stronger?"
 "This ... You'll have to be careful. For existences with powerful spiritual energy, even a little bit of spiritual energy might be able to recover ... Absorb it carefully, or your consciousness might be taken over by the other party!"
 Li Hao didn't care about this. He said happily,""That's fine. If you want to absorb it, it should be for some powerful monster plants or ancient humans. I'll tell you in advance that it's not that easy to occupy their consciousness."
 At this moment, Hong Mu and the others were filled with anticipation.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, didn't even mention them.  You guys ... That's enough.
 He had absorbed the origin and imperishable substance of a few monster plants before, so he should not be too greedy.
 He still had to think about how to use this thing.
 This time, he had gained a lot!
 There were still many monster plants outside that had not been dealt with.
 Other than that, there was also this huge energy mine ... Li Hao took a look and couldn't tell how many ores there were. He felt that he wouldn't be able to use all of them in his lifetime!
 This time, he was really rich!
 Hei Teng quickly fused with his body, while Li Hao looked outside expectantly, hoping that the battle would last a little longer. When hei Teng had successfully fused with his body, none of them would be able to escape!
 As for Li Hao himself, he felt rather helpless at the moment.
 The divine text was shattered and had yet to condense.
 Their bodies were neither strong nor weak, and they didn't have much combat power. They might be able to deal with some six-element ones, but seven-element ones were hard to deal with.
 But he didn't care.
  At this moment, he was caressing the energy mines around him in excitement.
 He then looked at the huge treasure pool and was very excited.
 At this moment, Yuan Shuo came over and said,""That blackpeak is very strong! Before you appeared, he was terrifyingly powerful and used many venerable sovereign abilities. He even used a book that contained all kinds of great Dao origins. This technique ... I've seen some records in ancient books. Perhaps ... It's a technique of the Supreme Master from the ancient civilization, second only to the human King. This person might be related to that person!"
 Li Hao nodded slightly, deep in thought.
 Yuan Shuo continued,"there are pros and cons to you giving him your powerful physical body. The good thing is that he might not do anything to us after we give him our most precious thing. The bad thing is that he's too powerful to be restricted! We're a bit weak, so we'll have to be more careful after this. We can trust them appropriately, but we can't trust the ancient people without a bottom line! You have to pay attention to balance. Since ancient times, it's not a good thing for a weak master and strong subjects!"
 Li Hao nodded again.
 Seeing that he was deep in thought, Yuan Shuo knew that this kid had taken his words to heart. He then transmitted his voice again,""Also, this treasure pool is also good. It's a two-layer space, so don't leak anything and share everything with others! You haven't reached that stage yet, so you can't suppress everything ... Be careful not to make a wedding dress for others! Silver moon's trash ... I'm well aware that there's a high chance they won't bite back at you when they're really strong, but ... When that time comes, they'll probably be too lazy to even bother with you and turn around to run. For example, the southern Fist ..."
 Li Hao coughed.
 "Teacher, don't always target the southern style. The southern style is so diligent. They work when they are paid. It's very useful!
 "Don't cough," Yuan Shuo continued."It's useless even if you cough. In short, if you take over this mine ... You'd better keep a low profile for a while. If you can't match up to a Saint, you'd better not make any moves! Didn't you realize that the more you attack, the more powerhouses will be resurrected? It's easy to lose control, so you have to fight steadily. Don't get involved in the disputes of the ancient civilizations for the time being. Even if they confirm that one of them has betrayed ... Don't be in a hurry to join in. "

 Li Hao kept nodding.
 His teacher was obviously worried. In fact, Li Hao was also worried. Now, even a Heavenly King-to-be had appeared. He only had seven elements, so he was too weak.
 Not to mention 7 elements, even 9 elements would have a high chance of not being able to defeat an undying.
 At this level, the increase of one or two elements was probably not as good as the increase of the other party's realm.
 However, the human body had millions of superpowers and countless super locks. Li Hao didn't think that there was no way out.
 "Also, are you sure you want to kill all those existences outside?" Yuan Shuo asked. Instead of subduing a few of you ... To check and balance you?"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 "Do you have a deep hatred for those monster plants outside?" Yuan Shuo asked through voice transmission.
 Li Hao frowned slightly. A moment later, he refuted his teacher for the first time. He slowly said,"They didn't offend me, but ... Teacher, these monster plants are controlling the nine divisions and the imperial family, causing the world to be in chaos! "The people of the pugilistic world are chivalrous and courageous. I have no King's benevolence, nor the emperor's kindness, but ... We are the pugilistic world's swordsmen. Tracing back to the source, the world is in chaos, and these monster plants can not escape responsibility! Fighting for power, bewitching the nine divisions, controlling the royal family, causing the world to be in chaos, the people to live in misery ..."
 He turned around to look at the monster plants and said,""The Sequoia family controlled the Lin family to fight for hegemony. If it weren't for the Lin family, Lin Hongyu would've chosen to join them ... The monster plants behind these overlords would've died!"
  On the other side, Hong MU's body trembled, and he hurriedly put on a smile.""Governor, you are kind. I have no intention of controlling the Lin family, nor do I have the intention of fighting for hegemony. Please don't misunderstand me, Governor!"
 Li Hao ignored him.
 As for Yuan Shuo, he was slightly stunned.
 He glanced at Li Hao. Li Hao rarely retorted him. Li Hao would usually nod and agree with whatever he said.
 At this moment, Li Hao denied him for the first time.
 Yuan Shuo's mind wandered for a moment, then he smiled and suddenly patted Li Hao's shoulder.""You've grown up!"
 The child had grown up!
 He had his own thoughts.
 She felt a little complicated.
 However, there was also an indescribable sense of relief.
 He wasn't refuting Li Hao for no reason, but rather, for he had his reasons. As a martial artist, he had only considered the current pros and cons, but after Li Hao finished, he suddenly felt a little regretful.
 Li Hao said that he didn't have the heart of a King, nor the heart of an Emperor.
 But ... Chivalrous and courageous, seeing injustice on the road and killing the enemy with his sword, wasn't this what a King was?
 A Knight!
 At this moment, he suddenly felt that Li Hao was a true martial artist, while he, Yuan Shuo, could only be considered an Overlord. Overlords and martial artists were different.
 "You've grown up!"
 He patted Li Hao's shoulder again and sighed with emotion.
  After a long time, he suddenly grinned and said,"my five birds sect is known as the demonic sect!" Now ... Who dares to say that my five birds sect is a demonic sect? I'll blow his head off with one punch! Little Hao, this world, this martial world, this future, this martial Dao ... It's all yours!"  At this moment, Yuan Shuo suddenly felt that he had truly aged.
 The scale was too small!
 In my world, there is only the Silver Moon martial forest and the Heavenly Star martial forest!
 My disciple's world is the true world of the common people!
 "Teacher ..."
 Just as Li Hao was about to speak, Yuan Shuo laughed. "Don't say anything. I said before that I'll walk my own path! I can protect you for a lifetime, but I can't protect you forever! Believe in yourself and walk down this path with determination. As a martial artist, don't care about anything else. There's only one word ... Your thoughts are clear!"
 “………”
 The group of people looked at Yuan Shuo. 'Do you not know how to count?
 Yuan Shuo laughed heartily and ignored them.
 If I say it's one word, then it's one word. Four words are still one word, so what?
 His thoughts were clear!
 Cool!
 This old devil was in an extremely good mood today.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The apprehension and uneasiness from before had disappeared.
 Who had old demon five birds been afraid of?
 What Heavenly King or venerable sovereign? give me time to sweep across the world. No matter how strong the venerable sovereign is, I will make the decisions in my pugilistic world!
  ,m Li Hao also laughed.  He was smiling so brightly!
 Clear thoughts?
 The teacher was right.
 "However, teacher is wrong too. Not only that, as martial masters, we cultivate our hearts. Following our hearts and doing as we please can also be considered as having a clear mind. However, not doing evil, not doing evil, this is the Way of the Heart.
 If others do evil, I can stop them, but they will do ten times more evil. This is the way of the pugilistic world!
 "Teacher, the martial world is not just the martial world. What I want is not the martial world?
 Li Hao and Yuan Shuo were both laughing.
 The few ancient people opened their eyes and suddenly felt a little dazed.
 This master and disciple ... Were really interesting!

 (Opening the aperture, those who understand will understand.)
 Cultivate the heart.
 Every battle was a journey to train one's heart. There were gains and insights in every battle.
 In Li Hao's opinion, the nature of battle had never been to kill for the sake of killing.
 Killing people was not for the sake of evil.
 Using violence to curb violence was the unique feature of this era, and it was also the unique feature of any extraordinary era. Only then could one be at ease. In order to transcend with extraordinary power, one still had to see how strong one was.
 The conversation with his master gave Li Hao a new understanding of martial arts and life.
 Everyone cultivated for a while and recovered.
 They were all waiting for hei Teng.
 At this moment, it was undeniable that Black Phoenix was their only hope of victory. He was also Li Hao's greatest support. Without Black Phoenix, the Saints would be difficult to deal with.
  Bai Shu of the Fengyun tower was a Saint who had exhausted almost everything. In the end, even director Wang had to use special methods to kill him.
 As for the two saints outside, they seemed to be at their peak.
 Apart from the great Dao of origins, which couldn't increase his combat power, he was actually a peak great saint.
 However, it was also because there was no amplification that the origin Dao experts of this era were much weaker than those of the new martial era. All the experts today could be seen as one level lower.
 For example, this Sage expert was a Sage before the Dao of origin had been destroyed. Now ... He was only comparable to an undying.
 At this moment, Li Hao was also full of thoughts.
 After an unknown amount of time, the physical body beside hei Teng had already disappeared, but the other party was still shrouded in the black banner, as if he was too embarrassed to see anyone, and did not reveal his true appearance.
 From the day director Wang's body recovered to this day, he had always been in his true form. He wasn't wearing armor like before.
 "It's almost time. "
 Hei Teng was very calm. Even though he had recovered a lot of his strength and his physical body wasn't much worse than it had been in the past, he was still very calm, as if there was nothing to be happy about.
 Once he recovered, everyone was overjoyed.
 "Then I'll have to trouble you, senior," Li Hao said with a smile.
 "It's nothing. It's just an equivalent exchange,"
 Hei Teng didn't mind Li Hao's formalities. He stood up and walked outside.
 Everyone quickly followed.
 The three monster plants were looking forward to it, but the Black Panther was reluctant to leave. It kept looking back at the treasure pool. At this moment, the Black Panther wanted to go in and sleep, eat a big meal, and have a good time.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Unfortunately, Li Hao didn't give it the chance.
 ……
 Outside the mine.
 The battle was still ongoing.
 Because of the existence of the spiritual domain, no one could sense the battle at the core. Even the two saints didn't sense anything.
 At this moment, the battle had already been going on for some time.
 In the surroundings, the corpses of some black armored soldiers fell to the ground and rose and fell. Some of the star Army soldiers were also defeated. Their armor was broken, and they had lost their signs of life.
 In the air, a few monster plants were slightly damaged.
 As for the six silver armor guards, one of them had his armor broken and fell to the ground. It was unknown if he was Dead or Alive.
 All in all, the monster plant side still had a slight advantage.  After all, monster plants were more undying.
 In the void.
 The woman that thorny rose had transformed into sneered. She held a pair of thorns in her hands and looked at Sun Xin, coldly saying,""If this continues, you'll only get weaker and weaker. I've said it before, all I want is energy. Give me one-third of the mine's energy stones and I'll leave!"
 "Neither of us will gain anything from this stalemate, right?"
 The gold-tier warrior said nothing.
 She continued to attack with her saber, and her combat power was extremely strong. However, rose thorns wasn't weak either. Her twin thorns were part of her body, and they were extremely powerful.
 Both sides had clashed many times, but Sun Xin did not gain any advantage.
 At this moment, the few monster plants below launched a fierce attack on the remaining five silver hou!
 These monster plants were all at the undying level. Although they were slightly weaker than humans at the same level, they were at a higher level and the five silver armored soldiers were forced to retreat.
 Only in the battle between the black armor Army and the star Army did the star Army gain the upper hand. The black armor Army was completely defeated. However, in such a low-level battle, even if they won, it was difficult to reverse the situation!
 At this moment, a bright light burst out from a Silver Phoenix.
 The monster plants were shocked and retreated.
 This was a sign of self-destruction.
 When human powerhouses fought to the end, countless powerhouses would self-destruct, and every time they encountered such a situation, it would give the enemy a huge headache.
 Even if he knew that the other party would self-destruct, it was sometimes difficult to interrupt.
 At this moment, a low voice suddenly shouted,""Stop!"
 ……
 In the mine.
 Li Hao was waiting for an opportunity. Director Wang's expression changed and he suddenly rushed out.
 Li Hao's expression changed.
 Hei Yao didn't move. He only pressed his hands down, not letting Li Hao and the others leave.
 Li Hao frowned and didn't speak.
 Director Wang...Did he still have any hope?
 …………
 BOOM!
  With a loud bang, director Wang punched out and forced a monster plant to retreat. He hit the silver hou that was about to self-destruct with one hand and shouted,""Stop!"
 The few silver hou were shocked, and the two saints who were fighting were also stunned.
 This place ... How could there be someone else here?
 Jin Lu was even more surprised and shocked.
 How could this be!
 This person ... Isn't this Wang Ye?
 The few silver puppets wanted to attack, but at this moment, they also saw who it was. They were all stunned and quickly scanned the area with their spiritual power.
 Director Wang's face was ice cold and a seal appeared in his hand. It was the Black Tortoise seal.
 Rays of light shot out.
 The few silver puppets instantly stopped their movements. The silver puppet that was about to self-destruct earlier was shocked and surprised."Star Army 3rd Division, 7th Regiment commander, greets director Wang!"

 In this era, they actually met the director of the main city here.
 It was unbelievable!
 The next moment, they thought of something and suddenly took a few steps back. How did the other party come?
 Could it be ...
 At this moment, a distant memory emerged. Could it be that ... The attack on Heavenly Star Town back then was also related to heaven battling city?
 Otherwise, why would the other party appear?
 At this moment, director Wang didn't give anyone a chance and said coldly,""The Vice commander of the Heavenly Star Army, Sun Xin, has colluded with foreign enemies. The other members of the star Army will be investigated!"
 "All The Guardian monster plants in Heavenly Star Town have rebelled against the human race. With rose thorns as the leader, they have ignored the law and should be beheaded!"
 The two Supreme Saints stopped in the air.
 At this moment, Jin Lu's aura fluctuated.
  Rose thorns laughed and looked at director Wang.""Wang Ye? I really ... Didn't expect this!"
 "Wang Ye, why did you appear behind the mine?" Jin Ye also asked in a low voice.
 The other monster plants also looked at each other in fear.
 Wang Ye ... Why did he appear here?
 A member of heaven battling city!
 Jiang Chen and the others were even more shocked.
 Heaven battling city, Li Hao's supporter behind the scenes.
 Why would the other party appear here?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Heaven battling city was tens of thousands of miles away from here, and this Wang Ye had forced back an undying monster plant with a single punch. His strength wasn't weak, and he was incomparably powerful, so why would he appear here!
 This was simply unimaginable!
 Director Wang just looked at Jin Jing coldly,""Sun Xin, I don't need you to question why I'm here! Countless experts have died in the Heavenly Star Town. I only have one question, why are you still alive?"
 The moment he said that, before sun Xin could even speak, a silver-armored warrior hurriedly said,""The Marshal is here to guard the mine ..."
 Director Wang turned to look at Yin Lu and scolded,""Guarding the mine? Then let me ask you, have you been to the core of the mine?"
 The few silver puppets were stunned and looked at each other.
 "There's a self-destruct device at the core," a Silver Hunter quickly said."The commander is worried about traitors, so he doesn't allow anyone to enter the core ..."
 When director Wang mentioned the core area, Jin Lu's aura fluctuated and his voice became low,""Wang Ye, I'll ask you one more time. Why have you appeared here? Why was he able to hide from everything and avoid the four symbols space sealing formation? Did you and rose thorns reach an agreement long ago? You say I betrayed you ... But I think it's heaven battling city that betrayed everyone!"
 Sun Xin shouted in a low voice,"kill him!" Wang Ye, you dare to mess up the morale of the Army, you must be beheaded!"
 After saying that, he directly gave up on rose thorns and slashed at Wang Ye!
 At this moment, he had countless thoughts in his mind.
 The most shocking thing was that Wang Ye was here ... Then ... What about inside?
 What had happened?
 The second recovery had not begun yet, so why was Wang Ye here?
  Wasn't he supposed to be in heaven battling city?  Countless thoughts appeared in his mind.
 At this moment, rose thorns did not stop him. Instead, she smiled with some ridicule and some strangeness. Wang Ye ... Had appeared.
 In one of the eight main cities, the security Director of heaven battling city appeared.
 Furthermore ... He had come with the city Lord seal.
 This meant that he had obtained the permission of heaven battling city, and he had not come here alone.
 It looked around at the mine behind it.
 Wang Ye had appeared, but who else?
 Also, the four symbols space sealing formation didn't cause any commotion. Was Wang Ye here long ago, or ... Had he just arrived?
 It would have been better if he had been here long ago.
 If they had just arrived ... There were too many implications.
 As Sun Xin descended with the might of a great sage, Wang Ye shouted in anger,""How audacious! If the Heavenly Star Army is still loyal to new martial, kill this person!"
 The few silver puppets looked at each other in shock.
 The Vice Commander-in-Chief that they had spent countless years with, the director Wang ...
 Sun Xin was their current commander, so of course he had to listen to his orders.
 But ... A director from a main city came with the city Lord token, and it was heaven battling city ... That was a city left behind by the blood Emperor, even though he had only been here once.
 But at this moment, the silver puppets struggled and blocked the two of them. One of them shouted,""Marshal, there might be a misunderstanding ..."
 How could he directly kill the emissaries of the main cities!
 After being silent for countless years, regardless of whether Wang Ye had any problems or not, he would be captured and judged after the matter.
 It was still the critical moment of the battle.
 The Commander-in-Chief had given up on besieging rose thorns and suddenly wanted to deal with King ye, who had just appeared. The several silver armor guards were somewhat restless.
 Sun Xin shouted in a low voice,"have you forgotten the rules of the military?" This person's sudden appearance must be fishy. As a third party ... Kill him first!"
  Director Wang said coldly,"you said it yourself. I'm a third party. I'm the acting city Lord of heaven battling city. I'm a member of the main city. Which military rule states that even the special envoy of the main city has to be killed on the battlefield?"
 Director Wang was unmoved."Sun Xin, you're still trying to use your glib tongue to defend yourself at this point?".
 Sun Xin looked at him coldly.
 He then looked at the silver armor guards and suddenly turned to rose thorns."As a third party ... You and I can talk about other things after killing him ..."
 Rose thorns did not say anything.
 Killing a third party ... If it was a pure third party, then of course there would be nothing to say.
 But now, the other party was a person from the main city.
 This was the first reason. The second reason was ... It was still thinking, was Wang Ye alone, or was there many people?
 How did his own formation get broken?
 Sun Xin furrowed his brows and shouted again,""You guys move aside, I'll take him down first, and we'll talk after the battle!"

 At this moment, he had to settle for the second best.
 The few silver puppets couldn't push each other at this moment, or else it would be a big problem.
 The silver Dragon Regiment commanders were a little hesitant. At this time, the situation was very complicated.
 Wang Ye's appearance was also very unexpected.
 He should first take down Wang Ye and discuss after the battle, excluding any unexpected factors.
 The few silver puppets were still hesitating, and Wang Ye sighed,"It seems that you really don't understand the situation. I also think that even if the star Army rebelled, it wouldn't be to this extent. All of them rebelled!"
 The few silver armors were stunned.
 "Director Wang, we've never rebelled and have always been loyal to our duties. These words ..."
 It was too hurtful!
 We've been guarding this place alone for countless years, and now we're being accused. No one can help but feel a chill in their hearts.
  "Then it's because you're too stupid," Wang Ye said indifferently."As the peak experts of the past, you don't have any judgment at all. Can such a fool also lead an Army?"
 The silver armor guards were furious!
 At this moment, a figure silently appeared.
 Sun Xin's expression changed drastically!
 The others were also slightly shocked. Who?
 The person didn't say anything and only showed a token. He was extremely calm."Director of the Academic Affairs Department of Yuanping martial Sciences University, do you all know me?"
 As soon as these words came out, the hearts of the Silver Phoenix guards shook.
 In the next moment, a silver-armored soldier beat his chest and shouted,""Greetings, director Zhang!"
 BOOM!
 The few silver armor guards all stood with their heads up and chests out. At this moment, director Wang couldn't compare to them at all.
 In the air, rose thorns was stunned.
 He glanced at hei Teng for a long while before a bitter expression appeared on his face. He sighed and lowered his head,"Heavenly Star town's Guardian monster plant, thorn Rampart, greets director Zhang!"
 Sun Xin's expression also changed. He instantly took off his helmet and said in a low voice,"Heavenly Star town's Heavenly Star Army's vice general Sun Xin pays his respects to Division Chief Zhang!"
 He was only the Dean of a martial science University, but at this moment, the powerhouses were bowing their heads.
 Even the few undying monster plants were extremely shocked, falling to the ground one after another.
 All of them were extremely hesitant.
 What ... What was going on?
 Hei Teng calmly looked at Sun Xin,"do you want to escape or fight?."
 Sun Xin gritted his teeth,"I don't know what I did wrong." I've guarded the Heavenly Star Mine for 100000 years. I've been alone for countless years, and the chief wants to arrest and kill me just because of Wang Ye's words?"
 Hei Teng looked at him and smiled.
 Everyone could hear his laughter.
 Without saying anything, he reached out his hand and made a grabbing motion. Sun Xin's expression changed drastically, and in an instant, a powerful mental energy swept out, instantly disappearing from his original spot. He roared out,""Thorn Rampart, join forces!"
 Rose thorns, on the other hand, did not make a move. She merely sneered and stood still.
 In the void, Sun Xin's figure appeared and he hurriedly escaped towards the mine vein.
 A huge palm descended from the sky.
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, Sun Xin's armor shattered, revealing his body that was riddled with injuries. He roared,""Zhang an, what right do you have to kill me?"
 Zhang an!
  Li Hao and the others were all moved. This was the first time they had heard of hei Teng's name.  "Because you betrayed neo martial!" Hei Teng was as calm as ever.
 "Just because you said you betrayed me, I betrayed you?"
 "Yes, if I say yes, you are!"
 Hei Teng struck out with his palm once more. This was the only palm in the world. Sun Xin was terrified as countless blood Qi burst forth, instantly erupting with an incomparably powerful force.
 A void great Dao appeared, and Saber Light swept across the world.
 "You're not from the Army ... And you're not my commander, what right do you have to ..."
 He kept roaring, hoping to disturb the other party.
 However, hei Teng continued to strike out with his palms, causing the world to change colors!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "I'm not from the Army, so what? I'm the mo Wei Army Reserve duty instructor, is this status enough?"
 He took a step forward and punched out with his fist. With a loud boom, Sun Xin was sent flying as his body cracked.
 "This status is not enough. I am the commander of Vice-Chancellor Fang's guards. Is this status enough?"
 BOOM!
 Yet another punch, causing Sun Xin to roar out in anger.
 "If that's not enough, I'm an mcmau instructor. Is that enough?"
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Between the heaven and earth, only sun Xin was sent flying, his blood splattering everywhere.
 The few silver puppets were dumbfounded!
 Rose thorn also sighed. The other four monster plants were so stunned that they didn't know what to do. Jiang Chen and the others were also stunned.
 Who ... Was this person?
 Yuanping martial arts university was related to Li Hao again!
 They were also extremely terrified. This person was too strong.
 How was it possible that the Saint, who had been on par with rose thorns, was now being beaten so badly that he could not even fight back?
 The legendary Heavenly King?
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Sun Xin struggled again and again. He was not willing to accept this and was not willing to be captured without putting up a fight. This was because he knew that the moment he was captured, the only outcome ... Would be death.
 No matter what he said, what he did, whether it was to atone for his crimes or to do something else ... He was dead.
 Blood Qi instantly surged!
  A Blood Blade formed. Blood Blade technique.
 A saber that could shatter the heavens and earth!
 He wanted to resist!
 "A traitor is worthy of using the blood Blade technique?"
 Hei Teng seemed to be a little angry. He suddenly let out a fierce roar, which was completely different from before. A book appeared in his hand, and in an instant, a person appeared with his hands behind his back. The illusionary figure appeared, and it was exceptionally calm.
 "No..."
 "Department head ..." Sun Xin was instantly terrified to the extreme.
 "Oh, so you're my grandfather's old subordinate ..."
 Hei Teng suddenly laughed,"but ... You actually dared to betray us. Sun Xin, you're too bold!."
 The shadow appeared, but it didn't move.

 The moment it appeared, it casually waved its arms.
 BOOM!
 Sun Xin's Blood Blade art crumbled instantly. Sun Xin had completely lost his will to fight, and he said,""No, no, no... I didn't betray you ..."
 With a bang, he fell heavily to the ground.
 Hei Teng reached out his hand, and a confinement appeared, instantly covering the other party. He said indifferently, "I'll take care of you later!"
 Then, he turned around and looked at rose thorns.
 "And what's your situation?"
 Jing Zao rose was no longer enchanting. She was a little bitter, and she bowed slightly. "There's nothing much going on. Back then, those people killed their way here and destroyed the Heavenly Star Town in an instant. I was terrified and chose to surrender. "
 "After that, I promised to help them strengthen the Heavenly Star Town and wait for their people to come again to complete the recovery of the world ..."
 "However, a hundred thousand years later, I was not willing to accept it anymore. I didn't want to serve the human race anymore! They sent people to carry away a lot of ores, but I killed them all and seized them. That's why my strength has never weakened, but instead became stronger. "
  "Today ... I feel that I have become a saint in this closed world. I have the right to pursue the freedom that belongs to me ..."
 Rose thorns was also very calm,'neo martial is gone. Do you want me to work for you? Director Zhang, even you don't have the right to do so. "
 Hei Teng looked at it and was silent for a moment before nodding. "That's reasonable. Is that why he fell out with you, Sun Xin?"
 "Not really, I'm not on the same side as him."
 Rose thorns smiled faintly."I'm just a coward who's afraid of death. I surrendered during the battle. This man ... Has surrendered a long time ago. I hope you don't degrade me to the point of talking to him!"
 At this moment, the monster plants were trembling with fear.
 Black Phoenix looked at rose thorns for a while, then said,""You're right. Surrendering in battle is detestable, murderous, and hateful! However, compared to Sun Xin, he's indeed better. "
 "Thank you for your approval, chief."
 Rose thorns laughed."But ... I don't want to give up! Back then, when the catacombs were defeated, the monster plants and monster beasts surrendered and pledged their loyalty to the human race and the king of the humans! It was at that time that I pledged my loyalty to the human race! However, at that time, the human Emperor and the Supreme martial artist were still around. We pledged our loyalty without any complaints ... Because ... They were too terrifying!"
 "But ... Today, I still want to try and see if the remaining powerhouses of the human race are really invincible!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Let's try it then!"Hei Teng sighed.
 In an instant, the world changed.
 Rose thorns immediately transformed into her true form, a rose, swaying her body.
 The great Dao appeared, and the heavens collapsed and the earth cracked!
 "How can the remaining humans of this era convince me?"
 Rose thorns laughed out loud. Her laughter was charming. In an instant, countless natural sources overflowed and DAOs appeared. It was as if thousands of young girls were slowly walking over. They swayed their bodies and were incomparably charming!
 "Please enter my essence for a while!"
 Hei Teng disappeared instantly and reappeared in the void Dao. He laughed,""The Dao of charm is just a minor Dao!"
 "You're wrong. There's no big or small difference in the great Dao. The division Chief has high standards and is arrogant, but he's only the third generation, not the first generation of neo martial arts founders. Compared to your father and grandfather, the gap is too big!"
 BOOM!
 The bed shook and the heavens and earth turned upside down!
 At this moment, the Saint monster plant was extremely proud and arrogant.
  In the void, countless figures appeared and approached the black banner. They instantly exploded, but there was still an endless stream of them.  The remaining few monster plants were trembling in fear and wanted to escape.
 He moved quietly, wanting to escape.
 It was too terrifying!
 They couldn't believe that a top-tier expert would appear in this era. Furthermore ... They already knew who this person was.
 On the other side, Jiang Chen was also canceling the formation quickly.
 He didn't dare to make any noise and wanted to open the formation and leave quietly.
 The Vice Commander-in-Chief had been captured. Although the supremacy was powerful, they could tell that this was a battle to the death. There was a high chance that he would not be able to defeat him.
 Just as the monster plants were about to leave, director Wang shouted,""You still want to leave? Star Army, follow me and kill these rebels!"
 "Yes!"
 The few silver armors didn't dare to say anything. Even though they were shocked, they still acted quickly. Five silver armors, one undying, director Wang was also an undying, facing four undyings, even though they were strong, they weren't afraid.
 At this moment, a large tree appeared. It was a redwood tree.
 The next moment, the date tree also appeared.
 Two undyings had come, and Hong Shan was at the peak of undying.
 The few of them were stunned, director Wang shouted,""Our own people!"
 The few monster plants were shocked and hurriedly unleashed their powerful abilities. A tree that was seeking wood roared,""Kill! Break the formation and run!"
 BOOM!
 The two sides instantly engaged in battle.
 A powerful aura shook the surroundings.
 At this moment, Jiang Chen and the others weren't interested in participating. They were careful, as they didn't want to alert anyone. These monster plants would probably be finished.
 Because even if they escaped, they wouldn't be able to leave the ruins.
 They could!
  At this moment, they all thought that perhaps ... It was related to Li Hao.
 "Where are you guys going?" at this moment, laughter could be heard.
 Li Hao!
 Qi Pingjiang frowned and stopped.
 Sure enough, Li Hao appeared.
 And Yuan Shuo!
 In addition, there was a dog and a tree. They were the Emperor guards.
 "Who would have thought!" Zhao Tianyang sighed.
 I really didn't expect this!
 Li Hao had actually moved these experts here. As for how Li Hao had done it, they were no longer interested. At this moment, they were all helpless.

 "What's there to not think of?"Li Hao smiled.
 He looked at the old man in the yellow robe and said,""You are the previous heavenly astral King?"
 Jiang Chen smiled and nodded.
 At this moment, he had some bearing.
 Out of all the experts, only the two secretaries of the Meritorious Service department and the Department of Foreign Affairs were a little timid. The others were very calm.
 "The winner is king, and the loser is a Bandit," Ping Ping Jiang said coldly. "It seems like we've lost this time!" But ... Li Hao, the powerhouses of the ancient civilization are still here. Even if you replace us, you can only walk our old path!"
 Back then, we also had dreams.
 However, the ancient civilization was powerful, the monster plants were controlled, the nine divisions changed, and the world was in chaos.
 Li Hao is hot-blooded now, but ... How long will it take for Li Hao to be like us?
 Li Hao smiled and said,"then let's wait and see!" Of course, there's a high chance that you won't have such an opportunity. "
  Their auras exploded as divine weapons appeared in their hands. They were all very powerful.
 The aura was turbulent!
 Zhao Tianyang was also very calm. The first Secretary of the nine divisions looked at Li Hao and said,""In the end, we still have to resist. There's no need to say that we'll surrender without putting up a fight. However ... Whether we win or lose, can Governor li clear up my doubts?"
 "Secretary Zhao, do you have any doubts?" Li Hao asked with a smile.
 Zhao Tianyang also smiled."After taking down the nine divisions and the imperial family, the world is in turmoil. Ancient civilization powerhouses are rampant. Governor Li's Silver Moon has the most ancient civilization powerhouses, and now heaven battling city is fully supporting you. What are your plans from now on?"
 Li Hao was a little surprised. He looked at the other party and smiled.""I don't know. Let's take it one step at a time and get rid of the cancer first! "Then, we'll let everyone eat their fill. After that, we'll stop the war on planet and develop education and technology. Martial arts and transcendents won't be destroyed, but official development will be restricted ... Other than that, I don't have a good way to deal with the powerhouses of the ancient civilization for the time being."
 Zhao Tianyang sighed."Back then, the nine divisions actually did the same thing. However ... Very soon, we found it difficult to move forward!" Monster plants have huge appetites. They want energy, treasures, recovery, and even opening a Stargate to leave this place or to dominate the world ... Aren't you still walking the old path?"
 Li Hao laughed."I'm doing my best. How can everything go according to plan?!"
 Zhao Tianyang was a little regretful."That's true. The existence of the ancient civilization is indeed difficult for us to cross. However, the governor is still young. Perhaps there's still a chance ..."
 "Then let's see the strength of old demon Silvermoon and demonic sword!"
 In an instant, a sword attack was launched!
 Yuan Shuo had long lost his patience. With a snort, he threw out a punch, and the roar of a Tiger resounded through the heavens!
 With a loud boom, the two of them engaged in battle.
 Jiang Chen also laughed, and a spear appeared in his hand."Jiang Chen of the Heavenly Star royal family ... Marquis Heavenly Star, please enlighten me!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he shot out a spear!
 Li Hao chuckled and disappeared in an instant. Jiang Chen was very strong. He was a seven-element expert.
 At that moment, his Holy prose had disappeared, and he was not as powerful as before.
 But ... What could he do?
  The seven elements were indeed powerful, but Li Hao wasn't afraid of them at all. After watching so many top-tier experts fight today, he was itching to fight.  "Qi Pingjiang, you guys come together!"
 Li Hao bellowed, and a long sword appeared in his hand. It wasn't the starry sky sword, but just an ordinary divine weapon that was considered powerful.
 The long sword slashed horizontally.
 The spear and sword clashed, and sparks flew everywhere.
 As for the other three secretaries, Qi Pingjiang frowned and ignored Li Hao. He turned to Yuan Shuo and said coldly,""Yuan Shuo, it's time to end the enmity of you killing my beloved wife back then!"
 "You can do it!" Yuan Shuo sneered.
 BOOM!
 In an instant, the two secretaries exploded and suppressed Yuan Shuo, forcing him to retreat.
 The Black Panther and little tree didn't participate in the battle. They just stood guard.
 These martial masters insisted on a one-on-one fight, and they didn't want to get involved at this moment. Otherwise, these guys would be unhappy.
 ……
 Li Hao didn't care anymore.
 They were both martial masters, so it was more satisfying to fight.
 Jiang Chen was stronger than him, but Li Hao had seen too much. He had fought with the top-tier seven-elemental Hongtu, so he was more at ease.
 Each sword strike was just right.
 He used all kinds of sword techniques, and the ninth refinement force burst out with great momentum. Jiang Chen looked grave. At this moment, everyone had forgotten about the fights between the strong. As the top experts of this era, no one was distracted.
 His spear technique was also like a dragon and a rainbow!
  The heavenly astral king's spear streaked across the sky. His moves were also unparalleled. The spear trembled, and even saintly aura overflowed. As it trembled, Li Hao fell to the ground with a boom, causing the ground to crack.
 The eyes of the two secretaries lit up when they saw this and they attacked!
 Then, they surrounded Li Hao!
 Jiang Chen wanted to say something, but he didn 't. Before he could speak, Li Hao's long sword appeared and disappeared unpredictably. It disappeared in an instant, and then reappeared. With a crack, the old Secretary's neck was broken. He couldn't believe it!
 How could this be?
 Li Hao ... The strength he displayed just now was only at the peak of six elements. He was also ... Why ... Was he like this?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao frowned, vulnerable!
 These two secretaries were much weaker than the military law Division and the Division of Administration.
 His sword was very fast.
 The Secretary's expression changed drastically, and the divine weapon in his hand instantly burst with a powerful aura. On the other side, the black leopard opened its mouth, and the shadow of the Imperial Palace appeared instantly, suppressing the divine weapon. The next moment, it was swallowed into the black leopard's stomach.

 Li Hao didn't say anything. He was really difficult to deal with now that he had fully used the power of his holy weapon.
 Although it was a fair fight, I didn't use the starry sky sword, right?
 The enemy lost his soul after losing his divine weapon and became a little nervous. Li Hao dodged the spear attack, turned around, and swung his sword. The Secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs also went to accompany the Secretary of the Meritorious Service department.
 Jiang Chen sighed and took a few steps back.""I'm getting old. A young man actually killed two six-element cultivators in front of me ... This is really ..."
 Shaking his head, he suddenly smiled and his aura changed instantly!
 All the Super locks were broken instantly!
 "Marquis heavenstar, I can maintain this for about three minutes ... Shall we try again?"
 Li Hao saw that he had broken all the Super locks and his aura was extremely strong. He smiled."With the means of a Martial Master? This is interesting ... Come!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he slashed out with his sword.
 Divine power burst out!
  Although there was no divine text, the divine power was still there, and the light illuminated the world!
 At this moment, there were battles everywhere.
 The killing continued!
 ……
 Two minutes later, Jiang Chen grunted. Li Hao's sword had pierced through his heart, but he still smiled. The spear went through Li Hao's abdomen.
 "Marquis heavenstar, my internal organs are already damaged ... It's not appropriate for you to exchange injuries with me!"
 He revealed a smile.
 He was bound to die anyway, so it didn't matter even if his heart was shattered. Li Hao clearly knew this, but he still chose to exchange injury for injury. This was very unwise.
 "Martial Master, before the enemy dies, you naturally have to go all out!"
 Li Hao pulled out his sword and retreated instantly. Jiang Chen laughed,""Interesting! For many years, there hasn't been a young talent in the star dynasty. The so-called young generation ... Has to be pushed to your master's generation. In your generation ... There's an exception!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he brandished his long spear and pulled up a mountain!
 His spear swept out, and his laughter resounded."After being trapped for eighty years, I've lost much of my ambition. Ancient civilizations have their advantages and disadvantages. The star dynasty was founded because of them, but the star dynasty's decline also can't be without them. In today's world, people of our generation ... Would rather see ... You overthrow these guys!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the long spear lit up the sky and pierced through the firmament!
 "I've let my ancestors down. The Jiang family's ancestors died in battle ... They've never betrayed us. I still need the powerhouses from the ancient civilization to clear my ancestors 'names!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, his body collapsed.
 As the spear struck out, the longsword in Li Hao's hand was instantly shattered.
 Li Hao kept retreating. He used the secret skill of five birds to hit the spear. In the end, the spear pierced through him again and nailed him to the ground. Li Hao coughed up blood. He looked at Jiang Chen, who was already in tatters. He fell to the ground and died.
 Li Hao coughed, pulled out his spear, and shook his head.
 Jiang Chen was very strong, but it wasn't so easy for him to kill him. It wasn't a death wish, but just a bit of brilliance at the end.
 If the battle continued, this person would definitely die.  Not far away, Yuan Shuo let out a loud roar as his five elemental sphere burst forth and enveloped Zhao Tianyang within it. At the same time, he leaped forward and threw a series of punches at Qi Pingjiang. He threw over a hundred punches at Qi Pingjiang, each one of them landing on his opponent!
 The art of the bloody blade burst out. With a violent roar, a giant bear appeared and punched out. With a crack, Qi Pingjiang coughed up blood and his chest was shattered. He panted and laughed, "You're still as strong as ever ... Back then ... My wife ... Also had her heart broken by a single punch from you ... Yuan Shuo ... In today's world, you've really reached the pinnacle of the path of a Martial Master ..."
 Then, he turned to look at Li Hao and the fallen Heavenly Star King, and sighed.""Actually ... This guy ... He's not bad ... He's better than his son ... At that time, actually ... Jiusi could have succeeded ... This guy ... Gave in in the end ..."
 As soon as he finished speaking, he fell to the ground and said softly,""Old Zhao, our era ... Is over!"
 BOOM!
 He fell to the ground!
 Within the domain, Zhao Tianyang let out a long sigh. He was a little sad that his old friends were leaving one by one.
 The winner was King and the loser was vilified. The moment Li Hao's group appeared today, everyone knew that they had no way out.
 But now ... Seeing them leave one by one with his own eyes, he still felt a little sad.
 "Yuan Shuo, Li Hao ... Can we erase this part of history in the future?" he asked.
 "Hehe ..." Zhao Tianyang suddenly laughed bitterly,"can you ... Leave us here 80 years ago?"
 It was left behind 80 years ago!
 80 years ago, the old Secretary of the ninth Department had already died!
 After the nine divisions were established, they were already dead.
 Li Hao frowned slightly and said after a long while,""We'll see!"
 "What a pity!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, a powerful force exploded. With a loud bang, it directly destroyed the five elemental sphere. Like a peerless demon, he punched out and forced Yuan Shuo to retreat.
 "Don't you like to use your fists?"
 "I'll fulfill your wish!"
  Boom! Boom! Boom!
 One punch after another, Yuan Shuo was forced to retreat. Yuan Shuo roared in anger and retaliated madly!
 After exchanging hundreds of punches, their fists were almost completely shattered!
 Zhao Tianyang and Yuan Shuo took a few steps back at the same time. At this moment, Zhao Tianyang's aura was also in a mess. He glanced at Yuan Shuo and laughed,""The secret skill of five birds ... Is amazing!"
 Bang! Bang!
 His arms exploded and his organs shattered. Zhao Tianyang fell to the ground, his eyes filled with unspeakable regret.
 Eighty years ago, I was also a peerless hero!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Perhaps, 80 years ago, after the imperial family was overthrown, we should have ... Died!
 He closed his eyes and stopped looking at the world.
 In an instant, the entire place quieted down. The four secretaries, Sky Star King, had all fallen.

 The four secretaries and the Star King died at the same time. The era that belonged to the star dynasty ... Was considered over.
 They knew that the co-existence of the nine divisions and the royal family would soon disappear.
 At this moment, under the orders of the silver-Armored Regiment commanders, the Heavenly Star Army also launched a charge against the black armored Army. This time, quite a number of the black armored Army had entered the battlefield. There were more than a thousand of them, but there were not many of them left.
 They were constantly being killed by the star Army.
 There was also silver Chi in the team.
 But that was the Jiang family's Silver Dagger.
 No one said anything. They were considered an elite army. Even if they saw the old Heavenly Star King die in battle, they would still continue to fight until the end. The Jiang family had ruled the world for two hundred years, and there were still some loyal people.
 A black armored Legion Commander shouted,""Charge!"
 The remaining hundred or so soldiers of the Heavenly Star Army launched their final assault.
 This Army had once swept the world.
  He had once conquered 99 provinces and won every battle.
 However, they were still no match for the ancient civilization's Army. The two sides were actually one, both of them were the star Army, and their armor was the same. But now, they had long been killed and their corpses were strewn all over the ground.
 The hundred or so people launched their final charge.
 The royal family's Golden Dragon flag was raised high by a silver-armored soldier, and a moment later, it was cut down by a bronze-armored soldier of the Heavenly Star Army.
 The flag fell.
 The captain of the silver armor guards from the royal family had also been killed by the other party with a single slash.
 At this point, the imperial family's Black armored Army was annihilated.
 Blood flowed all over the ground!
 ……
 Li Hao watched in silence.
 He didn't think much of it.
 The winner was King and the loser was vilified.
 It had been like this since ancient times. He had won, so he didn't need to feel anything. It didn't matter if these people were heroes or bears, they had all died here today. The name of the star dynasty should also disappear.
 As for how the history books recorded them ... Li Hao didn't really care.
 Be it merits or demerits, they would all be turned over very quickly.
 At this moment, Li Hao looked at the other battlefields.
 On director Wang's side, director Wang and the Redwood tree were very strong and suppressed two monster plants. The remaining five silver Xiu and little date tree joined forces and completely suppressed the other two. There were almost no accidents.
 Li Hao raised his head and looked at the sky.
 It was very romantic in the void.
 Countless roses dyed the sky red.
 Rose thorns laughed charmingly.
 "The monster plant clan is the weakest among the human, beast, and plant types! The demon race had demon subduers and sea subduers, but there was no monster plant expert who could truly stand up and unify the plant element! Be it the cat tree or the heavenly tree, they have never sought any status or benefits for my monster plant clan ..."
 "Demonic beasts still have some status. My demonic plant clan is also a living creature, but we can only provide life essence for you humans, farm for you, and nurture your food ... How unfair!"
 The Rose was smiling brightly.
 It was very unfair!
  Whether it was an internal conflict among the humans or an external war between the humans, the monster plants would always be the unlucky ones.  When the battle started, the monster plant needed to continuously provide the spring of life.
 After the battle ends, we will cultivate food for the human race.
 A hundred thousand years ago, the human race had an internal conflict again, and the Heavenly Star Town was destroyed. What could it do?
 You humans destroyed your own city, so how am I supposed to protect it?
 100,000 years later, the grandson of that Supreme martial artist came to kill it ... It didn't feel that it was wrong. It only felt that if a peerless expert didn't come out of the clan, it would forever be a servant.
 No one was born to be a vassal, a slave!
 The monster plants were no exception.
 "Zhang an, if you can meet the powerhouses of my monster plant clan ... Please tell them, as monster plants, why ... Why can't a Supreme powerhouse come out of my clan? it's because they don't care about the monster plants in the world at all. They deserve to never be able to become venerable sovereigns in their lifetime!"
 "Hahaha!"
 Rose thorns laughed. There were venerable sovereigns for monster beasts, but monster plants ... Did not.
 Even someone as strong as Tian Mu, even if he was just one step away, he still couldn't step into that level 100000 years ago. He deserved it!
 BOOM!
 The sky fell and the earth cracked. A huge rose exploded.
 "I won't leave the last corpse for you. I was born as a servant, but after I die ... I don't want to be your food anymore."
 As the laughter dissipated, rose petals began to rain from the sky.
 A sea of red.
 The flowers scattered, leaving only the black-armored Zhang an in the sky.
 Zhang an looked at the exploded rose. In fact, he could have captured the other party at the last moment, but he did not do so.
 Was rose thorns wrong?
 Zhang an knew that from the human race's point of view, it was naturally wrong. However, the other party was doing it for freedom. It seemed right. The monster plant clan was indeed weak. At the end of the neo martial arts, even existences as strong as the cat tree had not been able to enter the venerable sovereign level.
 Therefore, monster plant clan did not have a high status.
 Even at the moment of his death, he was unwilling to leave behind his body for the human race to eat. He thought about it and chose to grant his wish.
 ……
 Below.
  Li Hao took a rose. The Rose turned into liquid and disappeared a moment later.
 He didn't have too many regrets and felt that he had lost out.
 She was just thinking about the Rose's words.
 That's right. In a clan, if there were no true powerhouses, how could one have the right to speak?
 Wasn't the land of the Silver Moon the same?
 Jiang Chen and the others were the proud sons of heaven of this era.
 However, in the end, they still became the pawns and slaves of these monster plants and ancient civilizations.
 Although they were all humans, they were not from the same era. In fact, they could be regarded as two different species. The strong preyed on the weak. Without a powerful existence in the race, how could they have a status?
 Wasn't it the same today?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Was his situation any better than this rose?

 The powerful black Phoenix, director Wang, and the others were still fighting. Although they treated him well, what if he couldn't send them out of the Stargate?
 What if they were forced to stay in Silver Moon?
 If the main city and new martial arts were revived, would these people become Li Hao's subordinates?
 Now, they all had some hope.
 He hoped to leave this place and return to his hometown.
 What if ... There was no way to go back?
 All these thoughts appeared in Li Hao's mind. With a loud boom, director Wang roared, and a great Dao appeared. With a seal, he broke the great Dao of a monster plant, and a miserable scream was heard.
 One place was broken, and everywhere was broken.
 With the death of the most powerful rose in battle, the other monster plants also knew that their end had come.
 After director Wang killed one, the others all shouted,""We surrendered ... We didn't do anything. When the battle began, we were defeated and fell into a deep sleep. We only fought for recovery. Everyone did the same. What did we do wrong?"
  But at this moment, who would care?
 The remaining three monster plants were besieged by the crowd and the monster plants. It was difficult for them to self-destruct even if they wanted to. Their hearts of life were destroyed one by one, and their great Dao of origin was cut off. Not long after, they were all silent.
 At this moment, within the gigantic ruins, only the sealed Sun Xin was still looking over, his eyes filled with a look of despair.
 Defeat!
 Although he didn't have much hope, Jing CI had died too quickly in the battle with Zhang an, leaving him no chance.
 At this moment, the silver-armored guards were also silent.
 After killing a few monster plants, not only them, but the star Army also fell silent.
 His body was still there.
 The other soldiers of the Heavenly Star Army had died long ago, but they still had some remnant will and mental energy, which were better than heaven battling city 's, so they still had some consciousness. At this moment, they all understood that the Vice Commander-in-Chief had deceived them all these years.
 But ... They had stayed here together for countless years!
 The silver-armored guards were confused.
 Why was it like this?
 The Vice Commander-in-Chief was in cahoots with the people who attacked the Heavenly Star Town back then?
 They didn't believe rose when she said it before.
 However, when Zhang an said the same thing, they knew that they had to believe him.
 At this moment, hei Teng landed on the ground.  Ignoring everyone else, he walked over to the sealed Sun Xin. With a wave of his hand, the seal was removed. There was no disappointment, only doubt,""I'm very curious. Why did you betray me?"
 The Vice commander of the star Army was at the peak of immortal realm back then. He could be considered a powerful figure.
 He was even an old general in the early stage of neo martial realm. Didn't he know how powerful and terrifying the human King and the others were?
 His betrayal ... Zhang an could not understand.
 Although Sun Xin's seal had been released, he didn't move around recklessly. He only tidied up his broken armor, trying to make himself look more dignified.
 At this moment, the silver-armored soldiers also stood silently to the side, looking at the Vice Commander-in-Chief who had been with them for countless years.
 "I'm sorry, I lied to you guys ..."Sun Xin laughed.
 "Marshal ... You ... Why are you doing this?"
 Sun Xin chuckled,"there's not much of a reason, I've been stuck at undying for too long, I'm just not satisfied." "As an old subordinate of the Zhang tribe, there weren't many who survived that year. I thought that I could be considered a hero, but I was sent to Silver Moon to guard the mine. My colleagues, who lead an Army or become overlords of the origin world, are unwilling, jealous, resentful ... These emotions are the ones that have dominated me. "
 He looked at hei Teng and said,"that's how people are. When they suffer, they can eat together. But when they succeed, they will feel that it's unfair!" However, at that time, I didn't think of betraying him. I was just jealous!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "After that ..."
 Sun Xin paused for a moment and smiled."Later on, someone found me. They were very strong and powerful. They could even read people's minds. It was very terrifying! They know that I'm jealous and I hate them. They also know that I've embezzled a lot of ores from the mine vein ..."
 He laughed and shook his head."I was guarding the Heavenly Star Mine at that time. I wanted to take only a little to help myself advance to the sage state ... Who knew that I would be discovered. You know how unforgiving people like the human King are ... I'm scared! So, if there was a first time, there would be a second time. I helped them do something, and gradually, I fell deep into it, unable to extricate myself!"
 Corruption and dereliction of duty were all big mistakes, but not to the extent of death.
 However, as he went deeper and deeper, he knew that once he was discovered, he would die without a doubt.
  Humans were like this. Mistakes started from small mistakes and slowly walked into the abyss.
 "You're willing to let him let you guard this place for so many years?"hei Teng asked after a brief silence.
 Sun Xin said softly,"so what if I'm not willing?" "Once we're on the pirate ship, we can only go all the way to the end. Moreover ... I actually didn't expect that neo martial arts would really be gone. With the existence in the depths of the mine vein, do you think I could have any other ideas?"
 "Who destroyed the Heavenly Star Town?"
 Black Phoenix spoke again.
 "Many people!" Sun Xin laughed.
 "Many people?"
 "Yes, it's not just the people from one city. You might think that the people from one city betrayed you ... But it's not that scary, but maybe ... It's even scarier! I know a lot of people from the eight major cities. Except for heaven battling city and sword city, there are people from the other six cities, as well as some top-notch rogue cultivators. "
 Director Wang also quickly stepped forward, his expression slightly changing,"there's no one from heaven battling city?"
 "I don't know, but I really don't see anyone I know."

