fileno%d
retly write a chapter when I come back at night and kill off those who are on leave. I'll wake up at 6 am tomorrow and have a meeting for the whole day. I'll try to write another chapter tomorrow night.)
 Silver City.
 Heaven and earth shook.
 The aftermath of the bright star sector had already receded.
 Li Hao made some public statements. Seeing the countless soldiers become stronger, he smiled faintly.
 At this moment, he understood that all his efforts had not been in vain.
 Below.
 At this moment, the Li Dynasty Army had become somewhat frightened.
 The Heavenly Star Army was greatly improved in an instant, while the power of their great DAOs had been intercepted by Li Hao. They didn't get any benefits, but King Dali, Jiang Li, and a few divine guards and priests did.
 However, he was not cultivating a new Dao, so his improvement was limited.
  At this moment, the experts on Li Hao's side had all improved.
 This time, not all of them were present.
 Only the five military governors, director Zhao, and a few other officials who were in charge of appeasing the military arrived at Silver City. The others had their own tasks and didn't come. Even so, there were still many people who had been promoted.
 Li Hao was even more terrifying.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The king of Dali could feel that Li Hao was stronger than before.
 At this moment, Li Hao had 36 meridians and acupuncture points. He had opened 320 of them, 28 of his 36 meridians, and eight of them had yet to be opened.
 The other Dao meridians had 324 enlightened apertures. Together with the 36 Dao meridians, they formed a simple cycle of sword arts divine arts, which meant that he had enlightened 644 apertures in total.
 He had opened up nine sacred art Dao meridians and a physical Dao Meridian. In total, he had opened up 38 meridians.
 At this point, Li Hao had reached the peak of the ninth level of the sun Moon realm, and was even moving on to the next realm ... However, Li Hao had only opened a lot of meridians. He had not completely completed the basic cycle of 36 meridians.
 36 meridians meant the peak of the sun Moon realm.
 As for Li Hao, he had already opened 38 meridians. However, he had yet to undergo a huge transformation and could not be considered to have stepped into the next level.
 The king of Dali was actually much stronger than before.
 Previously, when the Dali King attacked the ancient city, he also had some gains, but he had not had time to convert them. This time, he absorbed some power of the great path, which could be considered as digesting what he had gained. However, at this moment, the Dali King was at most at the sixth level of the sun Moon realm.
 The gap between him and Li Hao was getting bigger and bigger.
 The Dali King's expression became even more solemn.
 After all, the Li Dynasty was not a member of heavenstar.
 He and Li Hao had only been cooperating before.
 Now that shuiyun had surrendered, although the kingdom of God had not been completely destroyed, it would be difficult for yueshen and the others to turn the tables. The great wilderness had the protection of desolate beasts, but what about the Li Dynasty?
 He glanced at Li Hao.
 Li Hao didn't seem like a man with wild ambitions. If the Li Dynasty didn't attack Heavenly Star, Li Hao might not have bothered with them. However, the Li Dynasty's King knew one thing ... That was in the past!
 This might have been the case for Li Hao in the past.  But who could say for sure what Li Hao was like now?
 In the battle of boundless city, those people had died one after another, but Li Hao was unwilling to admit that they had died in battle. Instead, he had fallen into a deep sleep. He felt that the Li Hao of that moment had probably changed.
 It still looked the same as before, but it was different.
 It also had the initiative to attack!
 Yes, it was.
 It was this feeling.
 In the past, Li Hao preferred to be on the defensive. However, dealing with the divine Kingdom, taking in water cloud, reducing armies, forcing the Li Dynasty to retreat, and publicly oppressing the vast wilderness were all signs that Li Hao had changed.
 Just as the king of Dali was thinking about all this, Li Hao looked at him.
 The Dali King was shocked.
 Just as he was about to Dodge, Li Hao smiled and suddenly threw a glove at him. He looked a little sad, but he had recovered a little. Li Hao had just absorbed some power of great DAOs and repaired it.
 The king of Dali was stunned. He hurriedly took it and looked at Li Hao without saying anything.
 His celestial ruler gloves and Empress Dowager shuiyun's sword had been thrown out to help Li Hao. He hadn't had time to take them back, and they had been badly damaged. He had given up on getting them back.
 In addition, there was still one left in the Li Dynasty, so he didn't mention it.
 But now, Li Hao had given him the gloves.
 Moreover, it wasn't the kind of exhaustion, but rather, it had recovered quite a bit. It seemed that as long as he tempered for a period of time, he would be able to recover almost the same as before.
 The king of Dali was slightly surprised. These gloves were not ordinary!
 With the gloves, his combat strength could rise by one level.
 If he didn 't, he would be far from it.
 Li Hao ... Not only did he give it to him, but he also helped him recover some of the power of the gloves.
 The king of Dali was silent for a while. He looked at Li Hao and said in a low voice,""Governor li, this is the weapon of one of the most powerful experts in the ancient era ... You ... The starry sky sword has been shattered, and you don't have a powerful weapon now ..."
  Li Hao had the starry sky sword, but he didn't have it.
 He didn't even want to stay?
 In fact, the human Queen's sword should have been kept even more. They were both swordsmen, and if Li Hao had that sword, he would definitely be able to display a more powerful combat ability.
 "It's not mine. "
 Li Hao chuckled."If it's mine, then it's mine. If it's not mine, then its master is still here. If it's my enemy, then it's mine. If it's not my enemy ... Then it's someone else 's."
 The king of Dali slowly mulled over the meaning of these words.
 Li Hao said it very frankly, but ... He gave him a strong sense of oppression!
 What was his enemy's was his.
 While he was thinking, Li Hao said softly,"be careful. The three major organizations aren't easy to deal with. The world is in turmoil now. It's the ancient powerhouses who are in turmoil!" On the other hand, the new Dao elite warriors will have a period of improvement!"
 The king of Dali was slightly startled, as if he had thought of something, and his expression changed slightly.""Governor li, there's something I'm very curious about ... This new Dao limit ... Could it be ... Related to you?"

 He found this matter a little strange.
 Every time Li Hao improved, the world seemed to relax a little. He couldn't feel it clearly, but he could feel that Li Hao's limit was rising.
 Li Hao nodded slightly,"Ying Hongyue and the others must have cultivated a new Dao!" And the limit of the new Dao might have reached the ninth level of the sun Moon realm! Even if they can't do what I'm doing, their limit might be able to break through to the 7th rank! As for His Majesty, he's only at the sixth stage of the sun Moon tier. Even if he were to wear the gauntlet, it would be difficult for him to deal with a seventh stage ... Of course, he might not be able to improve that much, but a limit is a limit ..."
 It was hard to say for the others, but Ying Hongyue had coexisted with the red moon sovereign through the seal. She was a bold person.
 He and red Moon sovereign complemented each other.
 On one hand, he was sealing the venerable sovereign, and on the other, he was borrowing the power of the venerable sovereign. He was walking on a tightrope, and the seal had loosened a lot. Perhaps he could extract more power.
 The Dali King nodded with a serious expression.
 Li Hao was an interesting person.
 He even dared to kill an ancient Sage!
 He would kill Divine Spirit Saints as he pleased. He even dared to take advantage of venerable sovereigns. However, when he talked about Ying Hongyue, he would be somewhat afraid of her. He had met Ying Hongyue once before. She was not a simple person.
  But ... It wasn't to the extent that Li Hao would be afraid of it, right?
 "This King understands!"
 The Dali King nodded."Governor li," he said."Then ... I'll take my leave!"
 They were clearly two opposing sides, and both sides had suffered casualties.
 However, at this moment, the Dali King was still very polite and said that he wanted to withdraw his troops.
 Li Hao nodded slightly but didn't say anything.
 Seeing this, the Dali King secretly breathed a sigh of relief. The next moment, he shouted,""The Li Dynasty Army, follow me ... Back to the Li Dynasty!"
 Below, the million-strong li Army might have been unwilling to accept this before.
 However, at this moment, they wished they had two more legs. They turned around and wanted to run.
 At this moment, a few great demons suddenly appeared. One of them let out a sharp howl,""You can leave, but leave behind the demons of my Cang Mountain!"
 Li Hao turned his head and saw that it was the Golden Eagle.
 When he saw the Golden Eagle, he was slightly dazed.
 It was as if he had seen his master.
 These four demons were not very strong. They had only entered the mountain sea not long ago. Li Hao had not let them run around earlier to protect them. After the battle, he did not bother with them. He only told them not to cause trouble.
 These were the great demons that his teacher had imitated when he cultivated the five birds technique. Yuan Shuo had come to see them once and was in a good mood. He said that they were old friends of decades, but they were still here.
 On the other hand, the few great demons who were indignant did not dare to take revenge.
  Today, Dali was going to retreat. These few people had stood up and asked Dali to keep the demons of Cang Mountain.  Li Hao didn't speak.
 The king of Dali didn't care and said,""They're just some small demons. It's just that ... The Cang Mountain demons have killed many of our Li Dynasty's soldiers. However, for the sake of Governor li, these demons can be spared ... If there are any more demons who dare to invade the Li Dynasty, I will not let them off easily!"
 The countless demons in the Army were a little frightened.
 On the side of the king of Dali, it was very uncomfortable and humiliating to be someone else's Mount.
 However, at this moment, these demons were cursing the Golden Condor to death in their hearts.
 At the very least, he would not die Here with the king of Dali.
 However, even the king of the Li Dynasty was so afraid of Li Hao. It was said that Li Hao hated demons to the core ... This was also a rumor. It was said that Li Hao hated demons because he had once seen them eating humans.
 It was said that he had a dog, but he had stewed it!
 This was all so well-spread.
 Now, if she stayed, wouldn't she be finished?
 The Golden Condor was pleased with itself, thinking that it had saved the Cang Mountain demon race. However, some of the top demons of the Cang Mountain demon race were cursing silently. They wanted to kill this guy. How dangerous was this?
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He just glanced at the Golden Eagle.
 After a long time, when the king of Dali had driven away the demons, he opened his mouth and said slowly,""The demon race of the grey Mountain can return to the grey Mountain, but you are not allowed to kill anyone! If people don't offend me, I won't offend them! Unless the human race attacks you ... Otherwise, once there is a rumor that the demon race eats humans, the Cang Mountain demon race ... May no longer exist!"
 As soon as he said that, a great demon's mind fluctuated among the countless demons.""We dare not! Don't worry, Governor!"
 Under such circumstances, there were countless powerful auras on the other side.
  These demons didn't dare to say anything.
 The king of Dali was a ruthless man, and the man in front of him was even more terrifying to be able to force the king of Dali into such a state.
 "Yes." Li Hao nodded slightly and said,"also, there's a small matter that I need the help of the Cang Mountain demons."
 "I don't dare. Please speak, my Lord!"
 A huge demon beast quickly sent a voice transmission to Li Hao,""The forbidden Sea runs through the Cang mountains, and there are some hidden canals left behind in the mountains. When you return, suppress them! It seems very simple. Once forbidden seawater erupts from an underground canal, we just have to suppress it with force!"
 The underground canal in the forbidden Sea was no secret.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The great demons all agreed. The next moment, they looked at Li Hao expectantly. Could they leave now?
 Li Hao casually waved his hand, and those great demons instantly fled.
 At this moment, the Golden Condor and the others did not leave.
 The Golden Eagle flew over quickly, and not long after, the other demons also flew over. The giant ape was a little curious and said with a spiritual fluctuation,""Lord li, where's your master?"

 As soon as these words came out, the expressions of several people not far away changed.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, smiled and said,""He's in seclusion. Does Brother Ape miss my teacher?"
 The giant ape seemed to be laughing, and its spirit fluctuated again."No, it's just that I didn't see him. It's a pity ... The Li Dynasty has retreated, and we should return to the Cang mountains. I wanted to go to the four Seas, but unfortunately ... Forget it! Since I can't go to the four Seas, I can only return to the Cang mountains. I don't know when I'll be able to see that guy again. "
 "You guys are leaving too?"
 "Why are you staying if you're not leaving?" the Golden Eagle replied. Even the Li Dynasty doesn't dare to provoke you, and you don't need our help either. There are too many people here, and their blood Qi is exuberant. If we stay too long, we'll want to eat people, and you'll just kill us for nothing. "
 Li Hao smiled and nodded,"that's good. It's good to go back!" I remember that the last time we met, my teacher deduced the secret technique of five birds with you. Although you are demons, the secret technique of five birds originated from you, so you can also cultivate it! Although demons aren't humans, the secret technique of five birds is very suitable for you. Cultivate well!"
 The demons were surprised, but they didn't say anything.
 Soon, the few demons also left with their little brothers.
 In an instant, the entire Silver City became much emptier.
 Li Hao watched them leave in silence.
  He turned around to look at the crowd, and he did not stay for long. Instead, he disappeared in an instant, and his voice resounded,""Tomorrow, the Demon Hunter guards will come and see me!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he disappeared without a trace.
 Seeing him leave so freely, Zhao Shuguang and the others looked at each other and frowned. The feeling that Li Hao gave them right now ... Was very dangerous!
 ……
 White moon City.
 Silver Moon administrative center.
 At the administration Bureau.
 No one knew that there was a legacy site under the administration Bureau. It was also the legacy site where Silver Moon martial arts university had nurtured the eight great families 'descendants.
 Li Hao didn't know what the remains originally had. Only director Zhao knew.
 But now, there was almost nothing left.
 The most important eight direction seal was also made into a clone by director Zhao. Now that they were one, they became director Zhao's weapon.
 There wasn't even a single monster plant here.
 He did not know if it was dead or if it was killed by director Zhao. If the original monster plant had not been revived, it would be normal for it to be killed by the other party.
 At this moment, one could still vaguely see the magnificence of the ruins.
 School dormitories, dormitory buildings, martial arts buildings, laboratory buildings ... Everything was available.
 At this moment, Zhang an, who was cultivating with his legs crossed, suddenly opened his eyes.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The next moment, a person walked in from outside the ruins.  Li Hao strode over.
 p Zhang an just looked on silently and did not move.  Li Hao walked over. From a distance, he said softly,""How is senior's cultivation?"
 "It's alright,"Zhang an replied calmly.
 Then, he looked at Li Hao and said slowly,""You've improved a lot. It seems ... You've gained a lot. "
 "It's alright. "
 Li Hao replied with the same words.
 Both sides fell into silence.
 After a while, Li Hao said,"the Zheng family should be one of the traitors. Families like the Liu family have most likely betrayed them. The other families might have traitors in hiding!" The biggest possibility is that they've been invaded by the Crimson Moon's power ... After many years, the desire in their hearts has overwhelmed their rationality, and they've become the apostles of desire. "
 Zhang an remained silent.
 Li Hao continued,"peace is hard to come by in this world!" "The eight major cities have been quiet for many years ... Now, with the exception of heaven battling city, I hope that the other major cities will continue to remain quiet!"
 Li Hao looked at him again."Senior, when I was weak, you helped me a lot. I, Li Hao, am not an ungrateful person. I will revive all the students of Yuan Ping martial arts university!" Since heaven battling city has helped me, I'll also give you a sufficient reward. "
 "But as for the other places ... In the future, I will deal with them according to my own thoughts."
 Li Hao looked at Zhang an, and Zhang an looked back at him. After a while, Zhang an slowly said,""Your thoughts? They can't all be traitors of neo martial, but the Guardians of the Silver Moon. What if I don't agree?"
 Li Hao just looked at him in silence.
 "You can't do something that's not beneficial to the entire neo martial arts just because of an individual's betrayal ..." Zhang an frowned.
  Li Hao was silent for a long time before he said softly,""Senior, by the side of the bed ... If silver Moon was replaced by neo martial, it was said that in the era of neo martial, there were some forces in the Grandmaster who were not hostile to neo martial. What would the result be? I, Li Hao, admit that I'm not as good as the ancient king, but I, the Silver Moon people, have exchanged my life for peace! "A single phrase" neo martial "has already made us pay a great price ... Senior ... Must you do this?"
 He looked at Zhang an and said,""My teacher is gone, hou bu is gone, boss Liu Long is gone, martial uncle Nan Quan is gone ..."
 He looked at Zhang an and smiled."It's just like how the ancient king lost my ancestor, the Supreme Sword. He lost the blood Emperor. He lost Supreme martial artist Zhang. Senior, please understand me!"
 Zhang an was slightly stunned. Yuan Shuo and the others ...
 He was silent.
 Zhang an looked at Li Hao. Li Hao was as calm as ever. He rarely got angry. Ever since Zhang an met him, Li Hao had rarely shouted at people to express his anger.
 However, at this moment, Zhang an could feel his anger. It was like a tsunami, like a landslide!
 Gently exhaling, Zhang an said in a deep voice,""What if I don't agree?"
 Li Hao didn't say anything.
 Zhang an seemed to understand. After a moment of silence, he said,""Where's Jiang Ying, li, and the others?"

 "He's in a deep sleep. "
 "Deep sleep?"
 "He exhausted everything and entered a deep sleep within the weapon."
 "Do you need my help?" Zhang an asked, frowning.
 "No need,"
 Li Hao shook his head."I'll resurrect them. It's not too difficult. When I grasp their DAOs and activate their weapons with the power of DAOs, I'll naturally be able to resurrect them again!"
 "What do you plan to do with us?" Zhang an did not ask further.
 "Let's go back to the martial arts university!"
 Li Hao said softly,"that ... Is the division chief's territory!" "I'll send the Heavenly Star Army of Heavenly Star Town to heaven battling city. As for Yuanping martial Sciences University, I've said that I'll give them a chance. If they choose to be like Jiang Yingli and the others, they can come to my side. If they don't choose, then they'll have to awaken their neo martial body and return to martial Sciences University. I'll provide all the necessary resources for cultivation. "
 "Yes." Zhang an thought for a while and nodded.
  "Many thanks for senior's understanding!"
 Li Hao smiled.
 Zhang an saw him smile and suddenly said,"I know you went to fight boundless city. I also know that it's very dangerous there. If you go, you might be completely annihilated!" "I have the ability to help you resolve some of your crises ... But I have no choice! Li Hao, if the human King were here, I would probably be the first one he would kill! He doesn't like any unexpected factors. If I don't participate in the battle, I'm an enemy. I'd have been killed by him long ago ..."
 He looked at Li Hao and asked, why ... Didn't you make such a choice? I believe that if you really want to target me, I'm alone after all. Or if you withdraw the divine text of the word of Dao after I get out, I may be attacked from both the inside and the outside. It might not even be as troublesome as the earth glory. You can eliminate me as a threat. "
 Li Hao looked at him and smiled, isn't that ungrateful? Besides, I'm not an ancient king! Senior, why do you have to be involved? It doesn't matter if you're indecisive or if you're someone else! I, the Silver Moon Martial Master, only seek to be happy! Please make me feel at ease! I, the Silver Moon Martial Master, have fought for countless years and killed my opponents. I know that leaving behind the inheritance would bring about a disaster in the future, but I still didn't pass it on to others and didn't break their back-up ... In senior's eyes, perhaps this doesn't fit the style of the ancient kings. Eliminating the roots is the right way. "
 "But ... Each era has its own unique characteristics. These are the characteristics of me, the Silver Moon Martial Master. In my opinion, they may be a little pedantic, but they are not bad. So why should I abandon them?"
 Zhang an was speechless and no longer spoke.
 "Alright!" Li Hao added,"then I'll send you back to Yuanping martial arts university after I'm done with my work!"
 Zhang an didn't say anything.
 Li Hao bowed slightly and also left the relic.
 In an instant, the ruins fell silent.
 Zhang an silently looked in the direction he left. He didn't say anything. Maybe he didn't want to say it, maybe he didn't want to say it, or maybe he was because of the remaining pride of neo martial arts.
 He didn't want to appear to be in a sorry state, even though he was already in a sorry state in the eyes of everyone.
 ……
 White moon City.
 Li Hao walked out of the relic and looked back. He was stunned for a while, but he didn't stay any longer.
 His figure flickered and soon, he disappeared.
 Wei Wu army base.
 At this moment, there were still people left behind, but they were all logistics supers.
  When Li Hao appeared, everyone was surprised. Soon, one of the supers who stayed behind quickly bowed and said with admiration,""Greetings, Governor!"  "Yes."
 Li Hao smiled and nodded.
 "It's ... It's alright. "
 The remaining supers were a little nervous.
 Last year, the Wei Wu Army first went to Heavenly Star City in large numbers, and soon, Li Hao also left the base with his demon hunt squad, leaving only a few of them to guard it.
 And now, the Wei Wu Army had changed their name to the Demon Hunter Army, and had gained quite a reputation.
 The former Minister hou and the former Li Hao were now famous and had even annexed the entire Heavenly Star.
 Today, they had seen the sky screen appear and learned that the four-nation invasion was a thing of the past. They were all very excited. Now that they suddenly saw Li Hao return, they were both nervous and excited.
 "Governor ... You ..."
 "I've come back to take a look. Also, the old soldiers of the Wei Wu Army will return tomorrow and rest here for a few days,"
 "They're coming back?"
 "Then will the Marquis and the chiliarch come back?" the left-behind asked excitedly.
 "They ..."
 Li Hao paused."Not for now. It's mainly the Wei Wu Army."
 p The Super who stayed behind was slightly disappointed, but he quickly said happily,""That's good too, Governor ... Then ... Then I'll arrange for people to clean up and tidy up immediately, in case we can't move in when we come back."  "Okay, you can go. I'll walk around by myself."
 "Commander ..."
 "Go on."
  "Alright," he said.
 The few supers did not dare to say anything else and left quickly, all of them very excited.
 ……
 Li Hao, on the other hand, wandered around the base.
 Soon, he went to the beach outside the base and looked around. He sat on the beach and thought about some things.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com That day, he and Liu Long had stupidly hacked their sabers at the sea again and again.
 It was also here that he led his demon hunt squad for the first time, and carried out a large-scale hunt against a group of Pirates. It seemed to have happened only yesterday, but at this moment, it also seemed to be very distant.
 The man from the Ying sea, the man who had been wearing a trench coat, had also disappeared.
 At this moment, he suddenly felt extremely lonely.
 In Silver City, Yuan Shuo and Liu Long, who were supposed to protect him, were gone. There were still a few members of the demon hunting squad, but they didn't follow him for as long as Liu Long and Yuan Shuo. Now, they were all gone.

 His parents were gone, Xiao Yuan was gone, his master was gone, and the person he had to call boss was gone ...
 Ever since he had left the Silver City, he had become extremely powerful and powerful, but ... He didn't even have someone to talk to.
 At this moment, he suddenly wished that there was someone by his side to talk to him.
 The boundless loneliness made him feel a little suffocated.
 Until today ... Everything was not what he had been pursuing. His enemy was still living a carefree life.
 There was still a seal in the sky above his hometown, sealing a terrifying existence.
 It seemed like a smooth journey, but ... Their goal of leaving the Silver City had not been accomplished yet. Instead, they had lost many people.
 He took out a pot of wine from his ring.
 Li Hao took a sip. It was not as mellow as before, but only a little bitter. Perhaps ... It was mixed with the bitterness of the sea breeze.
 "From today on ... I should live for myself ..."
  He mumbled to himself and laughed,""It's their fault ... They can't control me!"
 It was you guys who didn't care about me.
 A mischievous smile appeared on Li Hao's face, as if he was a child who had lost the restraint of his parents. Li Hao laughed somewhat wantonly. If you all don't care about me, then I ... Don't need to be an obedient child!
 That day, Li Hao was drinking, pot after pot. He didn't know how much he had drunk, but he couldn't get drunk.
 ……
 And on this day.
 The great wilderness.
 The great desolation master looked at the illusory figure in front of him with an ugly expression. After a long time, he said coldly,""The five-party conference has become a huge joke! Since there's no longer a five-party conference, wouldn't it be even more of a joke for the city Lord to come and find me?"
 The shadow was a little weak and not as strong as the last time it appeared. At this moment, it was still very calm."This incident didn't have much of an impact. The world is still stabilizing. It's only a matter of time!"
 "Li Hao killed the divine Kingdom's saints and gods." The virtual shadow of red dust smiled playfully."Isn't the great desolate King worried about ... These divine Dao desolate beasts?"
 The great desolation master said coldly,"so what if I'm worried? so what if I'm not?" Since the Li Dynasty can retreat safely, the great wilderness has never stepped out of its territory. Even if Li Hao can let the Li Dynasty go, he might not come to cause trouble for the great wilderness!"
 Red dust nodded slightly and said,'that's true ... Li Hao is actually not as domineering as the human King. But ... Even if Li Hao didn't come to the vast wilderness, would the desolate beasts there be willing to go into hiding? Without infecting the heaven and earth, without turning the heaven and earth into chaos, would these desolate beasts agree?"
 The great desolation master frowned.
 This was true!
 Desolate beasts all wished to invade and transform the world, turning it into a chaotic world.
  The will of the desolate beasts was also part of the reason why the great wilderness sent out its troops.  The desolate beasts also wanted to invade the Silver Moon.
 Even though he was the master of the great wilderness and had the bloodline of a desolate beast, with his strength, he would not be able to stop the great wilderness if the desolate beast were to send out its troops.
 Seeing this, Hong Chen chuckled and said,"great desolation King, you're also in a dilemma!" As for me, I am willing to give the great desolate Queen two choices ... First, continue to cooperate with us and attack heavenstar!"
 The great desolation master instantly frowned.
 "The second ..."
 Hong Chen's tone was somewhat playful,"the desolate beasts have dominated the great wilderness. Now, the great desolate King has almost become a puppet. As the desolate beasts awaken, their greed is even greater than that of humans! Sooner or later, he will force the great desolate King to attack the Silver Moon ... This is a very, very big crisis!"
 The great desolation master did not say a word.
 "And I am willing to help the great desolate Queen solve this problem," Hong Chen continued.
 Hong Chen's smile was gentle."If the great desolation King has the intention, I will forcefully move an ancient city and enter the outer region of the great desolation ... The distance is very close. As long as the great desolation King is willing to help us hide a little, we can move out at any time. Even if it's not my true body, there will be Saints emerging to help the great desolation King eliminate the danger!"
 The great desolation master's expression changed slightly, and he berated,""Nonsense! Desolate beasts are the foundation of the great wilderness. Senior Hong Chen, You must be joking!"
 This guy actually wanted him to help them conceal their tracks and allow their Saint to appear and enter the great wilderness to kill the desolate beasts!
 What a joke!
 Hong Chen smiled and was not angry,'great desolate King, think about it yourself! I'm just afraid that when the time comes, it won't be me who forces you, but them ... You won't be able to advance or retreat. If Li Hao can destroy Three Kingdoms, he can also destroy four!"
 Then, he added, Li Hao has quelled the chaos in all directions this time, so he won't just wait here! Out of the four countries, only the great desolation poses a threat ... Great desolation King, you have to think about it!"
  With that, the shadow disappeared.
 The great desolate King coldly snorted!
 This mortal world actually wants me to betray the desolate beasts. This is simply the biggest joke in the world!
 That was the foundation of the great wilderness!
 But very soon, the great desolate King frowned slightly, feeling somewhat worried. The desolate beasts were bent on developing, but they could not leave the chaotic region. If they continued developing, they would inevitably come into conflict with Li Hao and the others.
 It was really a headache!
 But retreating ... The dire beast had already awakened, so how could it be willing to retreat?
 Just as he was thinking, suddenly, he heard the roar of a fierce beast. The next moment, a shadow mixed with the aura of chaos appeared. It was a little violent and violent, and it rumbled,""What did that person talk to you about while hiding from the heavens?"
 When great desolation master saw the desolate beast Phantom, he hurriedly said,""Ma Zun! That person didn't say anything, he only asked us to consider whether we should continue to attack Heavenly Star together or retreat ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Of course we'll continue to attack!"

 The shadow was a little agitated,'retreat? Why did they retreat? We are invincible in the waste realm! No matter how strong Li Hao was, he was not worth mentioning in the waste realm! "While the Silver Moon world hasn't fully recovered, the Heaven's Will isn't strong enough to invade the world. The stronger the desolate region is, the stronger we will be! An immature world is an opportunity for all the chaos beings ..."
 The great desolate King said carefully,"Ma Zun, I understand too!" But ... That Li Hao can kill the Saints of Scandinavia. I'm worried that another conflict with him ... Will lead to unpredictable results. "
 "Cowardly!"
 "Shut up!" Ma Zun berated, somewhat irascible,"you're afraid of a few modern martial masters who have cultivated for several decades?"
 The great desolate King cursed in his heart ...
 Just a few modern martial masters?
 As I said, the other party has killed many gods, and they have killed so many people, but the world has not recovered. Perhaps there are other changes. King Dali and Empress Dowager shuiyun can control one side, so why would they compromise so easily?
 But now, they had all compromised.
 The red dust World was willing to pay a price to deal with the desolate beasts instead of looking for Li Hao and having a head-on conflict with him. The Grand desolate King was a fool, but she also understood that there were some key points that red dust did not mention.
  The great desolate King was somewhat helpless and could only say,""Ma Zun, the enemy we're facing is not just Li Hao's side! As a member of the chaos race, we are against the will of the heavens, and the entire world is against us ... Not only that, even the world of mortals is hoping to take over the world, not to turn it into chaos. Even if we cooperate now, it's only temporary!"
 As a King, he was well aware of the situation.
 He knew that it would be troublesome, especially when Hong Chen showed that he wanted to deal with the wild beasts. He was even more terrified.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, he didn't say anything. He didn't say anything specific, but it also showed that the red dust World couldn't be trusted.
 This matter could not be said too clearly.
 Otherwise ... With the desolate beast's character, even if he didn't agree, the other party would still suspect him, and that would be courting death!
 ,m The great desolate King was very tired. Opposite him, the illusory figure was somewhat cold and stern. "It's precisely because of this that we need to seize the world before they recover and appear in the world. We don't have to wait for them to recover. Do you understand?"  These words actually made sense.
 If he didn't seize the world now, he might not have the chance in the future.
 "As long as we occupy the world, they won't be able to resuscitate," the mysterious man continued."The world is fragile and has turned into chaos. We will become stronger and stronger, and they will only become weaker and weaker. Do you think we will continue to cooperate with them? Now, the only one standing in our way is Li Hao. Once we get rid of Li Hao's side, this world will belong to chaos!"
 "But ..."
 "No buts, this is an order, an order from all the Supreme beasts! You only need to execute it!"
 After saying that, the shadow disappeared.  The great desolate King plopped down on a chair, her expression somewhat unsightly.
 Previously, he could attack or retreat, but now ... He was in a dilemma!
 A moment later, the white-robed female general walked in from outside the door. She looked at the great desolate Queen and said in a low voice,""Father ..."
 "Ah Zhen is here ..."
 The great desolate King was slightly exhausted. The white-robed female general frowned,"father is troubled by the failure of the five-party negotiation?"
 "Not all of them."
 The female general nodded."It's indeed unexpected that Li Hao's side instantly defeated the divine Kingdom. However ... The divine Kingdom hasn't been completely destroyed. The moon goddess has escaped, but we might still be able to contact her. The Li Dynasty has only retreated, but they haven't been defeated. Father, we have the desolate beasts as our backing. We still have a chance ..."
 The great desolate King glanced at her. After a long time, she suddenly sent a voice transmission,""If anything happens to the great wilderness, you must quickly escape ..."
 Escape? where to?
 He fell into deep thought, and the female general was slightly startled and somewhat shocked.
 An unforeseen event?
  The great desolate King glanced at her daughter and pondered for a moment. She thought of something and sent another voice transmission,""The great wilderness turned heaven and earth into chaos, using chaos to invade the Silver Moon, using the will of chaos to resist the will of the heavens! As for the will of chaos, it can only be in the hands of one person or beast ... If the will of chaos is not destroyed, the chaos will will not be broken!"
 "If we want to destroy the chaos, we must destroy the will of chaos! Ah Luo, remember one thing. As long as the chaos is not destroyed, the world will not be complete, and if the world is not complete, it will be difficult for the second recovery to come ..."
 Princess ni was a little confused and frowned.
 However, the great desolate King pressed her hand down and stopped her from asking. She continued to transmit her voice,""There are many Huang Shou Venerables, they can not come to an agreement. The key core, the will of chaos, an existence equivalent to heaven's will, has always been with you."
 Princess Yue's heart moved.
 "The White Horse you are riding ... Is not a real wild beast, but a wild beast transformed from chaos stones. The will of chaos is in it. Besides the venerable wild beast, only I know about this!"
 "They didn't even tell me at first, but I've been in control of the great wilderness for many years and am not an idiot ... Every time a war breaks out, they hope that you can ride a white horse and ride in all directions. This is to allow the will of chaos to invade the world first!"
 "Desolate beasts are proud, arrogant, and irascible ... How could they let us, these mixed-blood cavalry ride them? They just ... Need our help. They can't easily step out of the chaos, which is why the human race of the great wilderness came into being!"
 "No matter what, the moment chaos appears in the great wilderness, you don't have to worry too much. Ride your White Horse and quickly escape from this place. Go find ..."

 He thought about it again. Now, other than the red dust World and the desolate beasts, Dali and the divine Kingdom were not enough. Then, other than Li Hao, the only one left was neo martial.
 However, neo martial couldn't come out now!
 In fact, there was no other choice, was there?
 He felt a little uneasy, so he said,""If something happens, go to Li Hao. There's no need to say too much. Just tell him that the horse you're riding on is the will of chaos. As long as the will of chaos is not taken away and destroyed by the mortal world, the great wilderness ... Will not be easily destroyed!"
 "Father!"
 Princess Yue's expression changed drastically.
 How was that possible?
 The great desolate King laughed and transmitted her voice again,""Don't show it. It's hard for me to persuade you. It's not right to attack, and it's also not right to retreat. It's difficult to survive in the gap ... If the five powers form an alliance and restrict each other, there's still hope ... But now, the hope is slim! Li Hao's side can defeat the divine Kingdom, so we can't underestimate them. In short, remember my words, understand?"
 "Father, I ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Just remember it!"
  The great desolate King did not say anything more. Very quickly, she opened her mouth and said with a smile,""A-Qing, you've come at the right time. From today onwards, you will lead 10000 steel cavalry and patrol the border. If there is a chance, take the initiative to attack! You can choose any of the elites in the Army. If you have the chance, you can trample the eastern continent with your horse!"
 Princess Yue's heart trembled as she understood her father's meaning.
 Whenever there was an opportunity, he would immediately lead his 10000-strong cavalry out of the great wilderness to find Li Hao.
 This ...
 Even though he couldn't understand, he quickly said in a low voice,""Yes, sir!"
 "You can go down now. Be careful these days ..."
 "Yes!"
 Princess ni withdrew and quickly selected the elite cavalry.
 As for the Grand desolate King, he let out a sigh of relief. It was too difficult to be caught between Li Hao, red dust, and the desolate beasts. He had also experienced the difficulties that Li Hao had experienced that day. Unfortunately, he did not have Li Hao's strength and courage to burn his boats.
 ……
 At this moment, Li Hao didn't care about Da Huang.
 He knew that Da Huang would have a dispute with the red dust World sooner or later. If he destroyed Da Huang, he might be able to revive the world, but ... There was no point in worrying. If he went to tell Da Huang now, those desolate beasts would not care about him.
 The only thing he could do now was to increase his strength.  He kept improving!
 It was not just for himself, but for the people around him. He wanted to make everyone stronger. The second recovery could not stop him for a lifetime. Therefore, he had to take advantage of this time to improve first.
 By the time the second awakening arrived, he would have a bunch of existences at the peak of the sun and moon stage. He would be able to fight against Hong Chen and the others. What was there to be afraid of then?
 Therefore, the next day, when Liu Yan and the others returned with 5000 Demon Hunter guards, Li Hao and his men disappeared.
 This time, he had put in a lot of effort.
 Countless divine power stones and springs of life were almost all that he had gained from the war in boundless city. In addition to what he had gained from the divine Kingdom and the benefits from the star Mine, he would have to spend them all.
 If there's nothing else ... I'll just go and snatch it again!
 He made a decision to transfer the five elemental Dao meridians to five people first. As for himself, he would first focus on cultivating non-divine Art Dao meridians. He would first complete the cycle of 36 Dao meridians before completing the 360 sword Dao divine arts!
 According to what Zhang an had said in the past, once he had completed the cultivation of 360 meridians, he would be able to match the peak of the Saint realm in the past. However, that was in the past!
 Now that he had opened all 360 Dao meridians, Li Hao felt that it would not be difficult to match a Heavenly King.
 This was still under the condition that it was only a Dao Meridian and had not formed a divine power.
 However, 360 Dao meridians could form sword Dao divine abilities!
  Li Hao thought to himself,"at that time ... If I really used all my power, I definitely wouldn't have been able to deal with the venerable sovereign of the past. But now, the red moon sovereign is half-crippled, and Hong Chen might be very powerful, perhaps at the level of a Heavenly King or a venerable sovereign."
 However, they would not be at their peak!
 Perhaps only when he reached that level could he match them and finish them off!
 With this idea in mind, Li Hao didn't delay any further. While the others were improving, he also wanted to sort out the entire Dao universe. Sorting out the Dao universe would also strengthen himself.
 And so, on this day, Li Hao disappeared with his 5000 demon-hunter guards.
 And the world had also begun to be rebuilt.
 Hong Yitang and the others began to speed up the promotion of all kinds of things, causing an extremely vast and huge transformation to appear in the entire Heavenly Star.
 Martial arts academies all over the world sprung up like mushrooms after the rain. They quickly appeared and opened their schools.
 Even though everything was still young and full of flaws, everything was developing in a good direction.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, never appeared.

 ,m Bright star sector.  Countless stars were floating in the sky.
 Many stars were floating in the universe. At this moment, they were already gathering on a large scale.
 Li Hao was much stronger than before.
 Five people stood tall in the five elements region.
 They were Liu Yan, Hong Qing, Mu Lin, Wang Ming, and Hao lianchuan.
 At this moment, their auras were also very powerful, much stronger than before. Li Hao's voice rang in their ears."Wang Ming controls the metal Dao, Hao bu controls the fire Dao, and Mu Lin controls the earth Dao. Hong Qing and Liu Yan's divine powers aren't obvious, so the remaining two are the wood and water Dao ..."
 "Boss can control Water-type Sacred Arts, so I can control Water-type Sacred Arts!" Liu Yan said.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hong Qing chimed in."My father named me Qing. I have an affinity with the wood element. I can take charge of the wood Dao!"
 Since the two of them had no objections and had a choice, Li Hao didn't say much. He continued,""Wait for me. I'll forcefully merge the divine text into your Dao meridians ... These five divine texts are very powerful!"
  "It's not just my power, but also my teacher's power. The five-element god art is the most basic god art and the most powerful God art ..."
 "It'll definitely be difficult for you ... If you can fuse them, then fuse them. If you can 't, then forget it!"
 The five-elemental sacred art was a fusion of his and Yuan Shuo's five birds secret technique.
 At the last moment, he had even used this to kill a Saint!
 Li Hao continued."If the five magical powers are successfully fused, in the future ... After you open your meridians, all your power will be integrated into the great Dao you have mastered. This way, even if it's only the power of one Dao, it will definitely not stop here. We haven't developed the Dao meridians to the extreme!"
 "Next, the five thousand Demon Hunter guards will be split into five divisions, metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. Each of them will cultivate the power of a Dao. In the future, the five thousand Demon Hunter guards will become the most powerful military force in heavenstar!"
 Almost all of these 5000 people had been carefully selected, and almost all of them were at the mountain sea level.
 These five thousand soldiers were no weaker than the true armies of the past.
 Li Hao didn't have enough time and energy to train millions of elites.
 However, he could still afford the resources for 5000 people to cultivate.
 Moreover, many of these 5000 people had comprehended force. According to Li Hao, the people of this era were all born with Dao bodies and would definitely achieve great things in the future.
 He didn't say anything else. Instead, the five divine runes turned into five big stars and floated in front of the five of them.
 Li Hao's voice was solemn."Go to your respective vast planets and merge with your five-element Dao meridians. This will be a very difficult challenge. If you fail, it means that you don't have such an opportunity and luck ... Then you can only give up."
 The few of them had heavy expressions.
 It was not easy to master the power of one Dao.
 "If we can master the power of a Dao and succeed, how much stronger will we be?" Liu Yan suddenly asked.
 "Right now, you're all mountain and sea realm cultivators. If you succeed in merging with them ... It'll take at least a full day!"
 The few of them were moved.
 Of the five of them, the strongest was only at the fourth level of the mountain sea realm, while the weakest was only at the first level. It would be very difficult for them to enter the sun Moon realm.
  However, once he succeed...He would be able to step into the sun Moon realm.  This ... The temptation was too great.
 Li Hao continued,"moreover, once the Demon Hunter guards form a battle formation of a thousand people, you can at least reach the middle stage of the sun Moon tier! With the five elements as one, with the strength of 5000 people, there's even hope of reaching the late stage of the sun Moon realm!"
 5,000 people formed a complete battle formation and became a late-stage Sun Moon warrior.
 The five of them blushed.
 This ... Was too powerful!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, said softly,"even at the late stage of the sun Moon realm, it's difficult to defeat a Saint. In other words, even if you succeed, you might be able to defeat an undying. However, when you encounter a Saint ... There's a high chance that you won't be able to defeat him!" There's no need to feel that you're so powerful. In this world, Saints are not rare. "
 The few of them didn't care about this. They were still excited.
 Soon, the five of them flew up to the vast planet.
 Seeing this, Li Hao didn't say anything.
 These people had followed him all the way here from Silver City and silver Moon. After losing so many people, he did not want to lose them as well.
 As for himself, he currently had 360 Dao meridians. It was no big deal that he didn't have the five-element Dao meridians.
 Since that was the case ... Of course, their main goal was to make them stronger.
 Li Hao quickly released the power of the five elements.
 In just an instant, the few of them screamed in pain.
 Hao lianchuan felt as if he was in a sea of fire and was being burned.
 As for Liu Yan, her entire body was covered in ice.
 Wang Ming felt as if his heart had been pierced by ten thousand arrows, and he let out a shrill scream ...
 They weren't strong enough, so they couldn't easily withstand the five-element Dao meridians formed by Li Hao and Yuan Shuo.
  At this moment, Li Hao threw out a large amount of spring of life and immortal energy, which poured into their bodies and repaired them. Their physical meridians had been activated, but it was still not enough.
 The few of them cried out in pain!
 As for Li Hao, he could only watch in silence. External injuries could be healed, but he couldn't stop the pain.
 He didn't know if they could withstand it.
 Maybe they could, maybe they couldn 't, it all depended on their own lives.
 If he couldn't take it, he could only give up.
 "Ah!"
 A shrill scream reverberated in the empty universe.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, no longer looked at them. He continued to sort out his Dao.
 He moved the stars from all around. Since he had killed many gods, this place was easier to control without the stars of the great Path of the Gods. Not only that, but because the power of the red moon had activated the power of the great path, it made the power of the great path here rich.

 There were even some stars that were floating towards them.
 Li Hao didn't do anything else. One of his tasks was to sort out the Dao, open the basic 36 meridians, and then start the second cycle of sword techniques.
 To open all 360 Dao meridians, he would need to open 3600 apertures.
 For Li Hao, it was still a bit difficult.
 He could only activate it one by one.
 Time passed just like that. One day, two days ... The screams never stopped. They didn't come from Li Hao, but from those people. Even Liu Yan, who had always been able to endure, couldn't stop screaming for two days.
 However, the five of them did not give up.
 It was extremely tough!
 Li Hao continued to sort out these great DAOs. He moved stars over one after another. Other than that, he paid more attention to the construction of his sword technique domain. There were not many stars near his sword technique domain.
 This region was something that he had separated from the attribute-less region.
  At this moment, a figure could be seen, but it was not obvious.
 Li Hao's sword technique was also not very clear.
 Even so, this area was still filled with sword essence.
 At this moment, Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 The starry sky sword was shattered.
 It was the sword of a sword venerable. In fact, it wasn't that easy to break, but in the end, it was forcefully broken by Li Hao's bloodline power.
 At this moment, some fragments appeared in Li Hao's hand.
 It was a fragment of the starry sky sword after it had self-destructed.
 It was very dim.
 Looking at the fragments, Li Hao pondered for a while. Now, without the starry sky sword, could he reforge his weapon?
 Without a suitable weapon ... It would actually damage one's strength.
 Moreover, the starry sky sword had accompanied him for many years and had saved him many times. If he Reforged the sword, perhaps ... It could be considered a reincarnation.
 He looked at the area of the sword way, hesitated for a moment, and threw the fragment in. It landed on the largest star, which was the area formed by his sword way Divine Art.
 As his sword Dao sacred art grew stronger, perhaps the starry sky sword would recover one day.
 Li Hao didn't have the ability to reforge.
 This was forged by the human King in the past. Now, he did not know anything about forging weapons. If he forged it randomly, he might even waste the fragments.
 ……
 Time passed by slowly.
 In the blink of an eye, ten days had passed in the outside world.
 For the past ten days, the entire world had been extremely quiet. It was so quiet that it was strange. Although it was said to be the strong, to the people of heavenstar, these ten days were simply dazzling.  Martial arts academies all over the world quickly began to recruit students and open for business.
 With the spring plowing restored, large amounts of divine rice were distributed in all directions. Some of the martial arts academies began to have monster plant clones to absorb the energy from all directions, creating sacred grounds for cultivation.
 Not only that, there were also some fluctuations in the four continents.
 Although Li Hao's side was powerful, there were still people who were unwilling to give up their power. As a result, they were faced with a thunderous attack!
 The Army had begun to disband, but only the true elites remained.
 A bunch of thousand warrior Masters and a large number of mountain and sea martial masters swept across almost every region. No matter if you were a hegemon or not, at this moment, you were all soft-legged shrimps.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com ……
 On the 12th day of Li Hao's disappearance.
 Heavenly Star City.
 The governor's office.
 The current governor of heavenstar was Lin Hongyu.
 At this moment, the governor of the East was still using the light sword, which was full of killing intent. He said in a deep voice,""For some reason, the strength of Xu clan in the eastern continent suddenly surged. Although we easily took over the other regions of the eastern continent, Xu clan still put up a stubborn resistance!"
 At that moment, everyone in the governor's office seemed to be full of murderous intent. Lin Hongyu frowned."You can't take down the Xu family with your strength?"
 The Xu family, the Duke dingguo's mansion, there were almost no people left.
 Both the current and previous clan heads had been killed.
 The rest were all trash.
 The light sword had reached the peak of the third level of the sun Moon tier. Although it was not as powerful as some people, except for Li Hao's side and a few kings, anyone in this era could even fight Jiang Li.
 Under such circumstances, he still couldn't take down the Xu family?
 What a joke!
  Moreover, the eastern military governor only had one mission with 100000 troops, which was to kill all those who resisted. With 100000 troops and at least 10000 douqian, this kind of strength was enough to wipe out any side!
 "The current head of the Xu family is Xu Qing's younger brother, Xu Huan. He was originally only a sunrise realm super and was very weak. In addition to the heaven and earth generals left behind by the Xu family, there are only three at the peak of the sunrise realm, which is the same level as the current pinnacle of the Dou Qian realm ..." The light sword said in a deep voice.
 Such strength could be said to be very weak.
 Lin Hongyu frowned.
 If that was the case, it would be a piece of cake to wipe out the Xu family. The eastern continent was facing the great wilderness. Li Hao did not care about this anymore. She was the governor of the stellarsky domain as the city Lord of the city of superpowers, not Li Hao's direct descendant.
 It could be said that whether or not these things could be done well was very important.
 He had thought that it would be easy and easy to get rid of the rebels in the four continents.
 But who knew that something had happened in the East.
 "Tell me the details," Lin Hongyu said in a low voice.
 The light sword was also a little sullen and helpless. It said,""In the eastern continent, the major forces in huoming province were all willing to cooperate with us except for Xu family. I took down the other places and prepared to launch a lightning-fast attack on Xu family. However, the moment I entered Xu family's territory, I encountered some trouble!"

 "I don't know why, but Xu Huan's strength increased dramatically. He's even stronger than me. I exchanged a few blows with him, but I was suppressed by a divine rune ... Luckily, director Zhao was replacing the officials there and arrived quickly to help me defeat Xu Huan. In the end, the two generals of heaven and earth appeared, and they were both at the middle stage of the sun Moon realm."
 Lin Hongyu was taken aback. The light sword had actually sent some information back to her, but it was not as clear and vague. She was dumbfounded by the Holy prose.
 How could it be divine text?
 The divine text was the governor's own creation!
 At this moment, he had some judgment in his heart. He frowned slightly. "It's divine text? Are you sure? The source of Lord Marquis's Holy prose is the secret art of Star Town City. Are you sure it's not a mistake?"
 The light sword was also stunned. After a long while, it said,""It's possible ... The Xu family said that the ruin they controlled was Star Town City, but ... Director Wang said that Star Town City was the ancient martial arts Holy Land! That place has produced many venerable sovereigns, and they didn't even set up a branch in the Silver Moon land. "
 "Jiang Ying and Li are all from star suppression city. Among the eight major cities, the Liu, Zhou, and Zheng families are all from star suppression city ..."
 In the Xu family, the names of Xu Qing's two sons, Xu Zhen and Xu Xing, were very strange. In summary, they had the meaning of Zhenxing.
 But later on, everyone said that it was just the Xu family putting on a false front.
 What's star suppression city?
  It was impossible.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, at this moment, the radiant sword thought about it and was a little confused."Could it be ... That Holy Land?" But that Holy Land is in the origin world, so how could it appear in Silver Moon?"
 Everyone in the Xu family had suddenly become so strong.
 There might be something special about this.
 Ordinary ruins couldn't easily produce a mid-stage Sun Moon expert. One must know that the surviving Masters of many ruins might not even have the battle power of the mid-stage Sun Moon realm. The mid-stage Sun Moon realm represented the undying realm!
 Although the owners of many ruins and the monster plants were also immortal, they might not have fully recovered, let alone the powerhouses who had created several mid-stage Sun Moon Warriors.
 Lin Hongyu's eyes flickered."It doesn't matter. It's true that the other party's strength has increased by a large margin. It's also related to the legendary ruins of Saturn city. In that case ... It's worth a visit!" If we can capture it, it might be of great help. "
 The light sword was slightly hesitant,"since the ruins can produce the Xu family's mid-stage Sun Moon experts, I'm mainly worried that there might be a Saint in the ruins!" Otherwise, even if I were to attack, I would be able to take him down!"
 She glanced at Lin Hongyu."The Marquis is currently in closed-door cultivation. That's because he knows that there won't be too much danger. If we deal with the Xu family and suffer heavy losses ... I'm worried that the Marquis will be unhappy when he comes out."
 "Besides ..." He continued,"whether it's the real thing or the branch, it's related to Jiang Yingli and the others. We don't need to worry about the others, but if we want to deal with Star Town City ... We need the Marquis to know."
 Lin Hongyu's heart skipped a beat as she nodded,""That's true!"
 It would be fine if they successfully captured it, but if they suffered heavy losses and a Saint really appeared, no one except Li Hao could deal with him.
 Even if director Zhao had stepped into the 6th level of the sun Moon tier and was approaching the 7th level, could a cultivator at the 7th level of the sun Moon tier be comparable to a Saint?
 In addition, Star Town City was involved too much ...  She pondered for a moment and nodded."How about this, we'll take down the Xu family first. The people in the ruins can't come out now, and even if they do, they're not very strong. We'll seal the ruins first and wait for the Marquis to come out of seclusion before we make a decision!"
 "Alright!"
 The radiant sword nodded. Lin Hongyu thought for a moment and said,""Let Tian Jian and BA Dao temporarily put down their matters and go with you. If that's not enough, let Empress Dowager Qiao go with you!"
 Today, the Heavenly Star military governor's office was also considered strong and powerful, and there was no lack of experts.
 The other places almost surrendered upon hearing the news!
 Now, how many people dared to disobey?
 Since the Xu family was courting death, they would send out powerful cultivators to suppress them!
 ……
 Dingbian province.
 The Xu family.
 The Marquis dingguo's mansion.
 Now, the eastern continent had almost completely fallen into the hands of Xu clan. Only the border control of Xu clan was still under their control.
 At this moment, in the Marquis's Manor.
  Xu Huan's face turned a bit ugly. He had thought that he would be unrivaled in the eastern continent after this adventure and a huge improvement!
 In the end, not to mention Da Huang, Li Hao, who was only the former chief of the public house, was forced to take action personally when the Sword of Light showed up.
 That was not all. They had originally thought that the heaven and earth generals would also take action, but Zhao Shuguang had appeared. Even when the three of them worked together, one of them was almost killed by the other party. Even if the other party had retreated in the end, the three of them had suffered serious injuries.
 This made Xu Huan extremely depressed!
 It could only be said that the world had changed too quickly.
 They had been staying in the ruins and missed out on a lot of news. When they came out again, the news went out of control again, and their communication couldn't be used. Until now, they didn't know the exact situation and only heard some news.
 At this moment, everyone in the mansion was whispering to each other, feeling a little uneasy.
 Originally, Xu Huan and the others were full of anticipation when they came out of seclusion.
 But now ...
 Xu Huan was silent for a while before he said,""In the ruins, they said that our current strength is not weak even in the new martial era. In the era without origin, we can even fight against undying!"

