fileno%d
ar sea.
 There were many experts.
 This was perhaps the first time Silver Moon had sent out so many powerhouses. The five old men stood in front of him, silently watching and not backing down.
 Even if Hong Yitang was unsealed, even if Hong Yue and the others retreated, they still stood in place.
 Li Hao's eyes glowed red.
 He didn't say anything else. In the next moment, he stepped on lightning and instantly charged over. Since Ying Hongyue and the others had left, he wouldn't be polite to them.
 In the air, the huge millstone fell again.
 The five old men were prepared and immediately displayed their abilities.
 The millstone suppressed everything.
 When Hong Yitang and the others appeared, an old man mumbled something and a golden word appeared in the air.
  "Fight!"
 BOOM!
 As the huge words appeared, it was as if a heavenly God had appeared. That heavenly God held a huge saber in his hand, and he was like a god. His saber reflected the void, and with a slash of his saber, the sky collapsed and the earth sank.
 In the back, Yuan Shuo's expression changed slightly as he said in a low voice,""Essence combat technique!"
 "Secret skill of star suppression!"
 He looked at the five old men with a grave expression and quickly sent a voice transmission to Li Hao, who was fighting the heavenly God.""This is an origin technique from star suppression city, the Holy Land of ancient martial arts. It's a type of origin magical power. I didn't expect that an origin magical power could be successfully formed in this era. Be careful!"
 The character was extremely powerful.
 Li Hao and the God collided. With a loud boom, the wind and thunder forces on his body were somewhat scattered.
 Another old man also spat out a mouthful of blood, which turned into a big word,""Attack!"
 BOOM!
 In an instant, another heavenly deity appeared. With a flash of golden light, he held a huge hammer and smashed it towards Hong Yitang.
 Behind the five old men, the current secretaries saw the people from star suppression city coming again. The criminal law secretary, whose father had been killed, was blushing. He was extremely angry.
 His eyes flashed and the next moment, he spat out a mouthful of blood. The blood merged with the void and he roared,""Ancient God, please possess me!"
 With a loud shout, a black shadow suddenly appeared on his body.
 In an instant, a saber appeared in front of him. The black shadow on the saber quickly merged into his body. The aura in his body skyrocketed and reached an extreme in the blink of an eye. It was as if a God had descended into the world!
 Yuan Shuo's expression changed again. He growled,"weapon Soul Fusion! That's a top-grade original God weapon. With the help of the weapon Soul Fusion, it will burst out with ancient intent. Be careful!"
 He was very knowledgeable, but it was useless. He had heard of these things and read about them in books.
 However, at this moment, it was actually being used by someone.
 He thought that it had been lost long ago!
  Weapon soul possession. The demons that were killed in the past were too powerful. Even though they had been dead for countless years, the weapon soul that was integrated into the divine weapon was still powerful. Now that the weapon soul was integrated into the body of the other party, his aura instantly soared.  A powerful aura swept out in all directions.
 The old Secretary of the inspection Division frowned slightly. He glanced at the people in front of him and frowned. Then, he looked at Li Hao's group, who were killing without a care, and said,""With the possession of a soldier soul, both sides will suffer. We can't use origin source combat techniques so easily ... Everyone, we can sit down and discuss. If there's anything wrong, we can discuss it. Why do you have to do this ..."
 "Kill!"
 Li Hao was furious, but he didn't care about that. His sword pierced through the air. Although it didn't have any sword momentum, it was still powerful enough to pierce through a God.
 The five old men's faces were also solemn. The next moment, one of them growled,""Li Hao, do you think that's all the nine divisions has? Old Hu was too careless and you had the upper hand. Do you think you've won?"
 "Hmph!" He snorted coldly and roared,"divine weapon, please descend!"
 Blood kept flowing out of his mouth, and a special wave spread out in all directions. The next moment, a long sword suddenly broke through the sky in the city, and a peerless shadow seemed to appear on the long sword!
 The sword essence shook the world!
 It was a sword immortal-like figure. However, it was not a real person, but a Phantom.
 It was the sword of a top expert from the ancient civilization. Countless years later, the sword intent was still unparalleled.
 Tian Jian's expression changed slightly, and his huge sword swept across the sky!
 BOOM!
 In an instant, the large sword was knocked down from the air, and the sound of a stream seemed to ring in everyone's ears.
 Li Hao's expression also changed slightly!
 "Stream swordsmanship!"
 He could somewhat guess who this sword belonged to. It might have been the sword of one of the editors of the 'basic sword techniques' that he had obtained. He had once read their explanation of the way of the sword in the book.
 The sword was like a stream, growing stronger from weak.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was the sword style of that principal Chen!
  Of course, he wasn't sure if it was him, his disciple, or someone else, but the sword technique should be the same. This was one of the more powerful sword techniques in the ancient civilization. The person who used this sword back then should be very powerful!
 At this moment, in Li Hao's hand, the starry sky sword, which had only been slightly unsealed due to the stimulation of his bloodline, suddenly trembled!
 The next moment, the small sword suddenly broke away from Li Hao's control and shot out!
 The sword instantly exuded an extremely powerful sword intent.
 Break me!
 At this moment, Li Hao felt the cutting me sword intent, which exuded an extremely powerful aura. Countless sword energies emerged. BOOM!
 A sword went south!
 The stream sword heading north met the self-severing sword heading south. The two swords clashed in the air, and the stream sword controlled by the old man showed signs of defeat.
 "The sword mind of the longevity Swordmaster?"
 An old man mumbled, as if he knew many things. His expression changed slightly. The starry sky sword did not show any sword intent when it was activated by Li Hao's blood, but now it seemed to have changed.

 The old man's expression changed, and he also spat out a mouthful of blood. He growled,""Please use the world suppressing weapon!"
 BOOM!
 In an instant, a long spear came from the military law Department in stellarsky city!
 As soon as the spear appeared, hou Xiaochen's expression changed and he frowned.
 In the next moment, with a low shout, the fire Phoenix spear appeared. A fire Phoenix seemed to tear the void apart as it charged towards the long spear.
 On the long spear, a faint spear intent was revealed.
 It was as if a peerless spear King had appeared. With a spear strike, the fire Phoenix cried out in grief. At this moment, Yao si punched out, his fist suppressing heaven and earth!
 "Divine weapon, please come into being!"
 The remaining three old men roared.
 As for the old Secretary of the inspection Division, his expression changed and he gritted his teeth,""Are you crazy? You all know the consequences of the birth of the five divine weapons!"
  "Old Chen, which side are you on?"
 "They're the ones who won't let us off!"An old man shouted. Since that's the case, then let's see if it's a Heavenly Star and not a Silver Moon!"
 In the city, three divine weapons could be vaguely seen floating in the air.
 They were all incomparably powerful, their auras shaking and shaking the heavens and earth.
 A saber, an axe, and a weapon that looked like a long whip had already vaguely appeared.
 At this moment, a huge Dragon seemed to be sticking its head out. Someone in the city suddenly shouted, and a god-like existence suddenly appeared in the direction of the Division of Administration. He held a book in his hand and threw it at the huge Dragon!
 The expert from the administrative division!
 Up until now, only one metamorphosing powerhouse had appeared in the Division of Administration. At this moment, it was as if a peerless powerhouse had appeared and launched an attack in the direction of the Imperial Palace.
 "Retreat!"
 "Let's go!" The expert holding the book shouted in a low voice. The next moment, the five old men's expressions changed slightly and they retreated one after another. They instantly regrouped with the two divine weapons in the air, and the other secretaries also gathered.
 The father and son from the inspection Office also rushed into the city.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The old chief sent a voice transmission to Li Hao."Stop fighting. If you continue, you won't have a good end. The nine divisions have been suppressing the strongest of the imperial family, and a group of top powerhouses have yet to appear. If you continue fighting, it'll be a life and death struggle, and only the imperial family will benefit!"
 Li Hao's eyes twinkled.
 He looked into the city.
 In the city, the giant dragon only had to poke its head out, and it was immediately attacked by the expert from the Division of Administration. Its strength was extremely powerful, far stronger than ordinary magical abilities.
 As for the secretaries who had retreated, they returned to their positions with their divine weapons. As they landed on the nine Dragon positions, a loud rumble was heard and the area was suppressed again. From the Imperial Palace in the middle, a thunderous roar could be heard!
 It was like an Earth Dragon rolling!
  A few figures suddenly appeared in the direction of the Imperial Palace. They were all extremely powerful and seemed to be a little regretful. However, soon, a mighty voice was heard!  "Marquis heavenstar, the nine divisions have long since forgotten their original intentions. The world is in chaos, and the people have no means of living. Today, I confer you the title of governor of heavenstar. You have the power to supervise the nine divisions. If you break the law, you may be executed before reporting it!"
 "The experts of the Silver Moon, whoever kills one of the nine divisions will be given the title of Silver Moon King, and silver Moon will be their territory!"
 At this moment, some people could no longer sit still.
 Someone from the imperial family spoke.
 Defeat the nine divisions!
 It was obvious that the nine divisions were still suppressing something. They were suppressing a top-notch expert or a top-notch divine weapon, making the imperial family very uncomfortable.
 And today was an opportunity.
 As for the king of the plains ... He was dead, so he did not say anything.
 Originally, Silver Moon was clearly at a disadvantage, so the imperial family would naturally not show themselves. However, the powerhouses from the three great organizations had retreated one after another, and the nine divisions powerhouses were either dead or injured.
 Although the Silver Moon Martial Master was also injured, if he worked from the inside and the outside, there was still a chance of breaking through the nine divisions.
 At this moment, everyone looked at Li Hao.
 ,m His eyes flickered.  Everyone could tell that the imperial family and the Jiusi had been secretly competing with each other. The Jiusi's powerful divine weapon had not appeared all this time, probably to suppress the imperial family.
 But earlier, when the old secretaries saw that Li Hao was charging at them, they had no choice but to use the nine divisions divine weapon, which gave the imperial family a chance to catch their breath.
 Should he continue?
 Li Hao glanced at the people whose superpowers were overflowing and then looked at the city. He suddenly smiled.
  He, who had been silent all this time, suddenly chuckled.""Dogs biting dogs!"
 The royal family is not a good thing either!
 The heavenstar from 80 years ago was not necessarily better than now, perhaps even worse. Big brother, let alone second brother, was a scourge.
 But now, the imperial family had been suppressed.
 At the thought of this, he frowned slightly and looked at Yuan Shuo, who was behind him, and said in a low voice,""Teacher, these divine weapons ..."
 Yuan Shuo frowned."These are all divine weapons used by powerful people. They might have been used before and were not sealed. They were refined by the nine divisions and their weapon souls were completely awakened. They possess powerful combat power!"
 Then, he looked at the starry sky sword in Li Hao's hand and raised the stone saber in his hand.""But it shouldn't be as powerful as the eight great families" divine weapons, it's just that ... The seals on these divine weapons are so powerful that even after devouring the blood from your heart, they can't be unsealed. Just now, the starry sky sword was stimulated, causing it to burst out with some sword intent ..."
 Then, he added in a deep voice,"they have mastered a lot of relics. These few people know origin techniques, but what they used just now was only superficial. Now, the origin has been abandoned, so its power is not as strong as before. It is said that during the ancient civilization, the origin techniques inherited from star-suppression city were unparalleled and once suppressed the unrivaled Masters!"
 The origins of combat techniques were clearly related to the origins of martial arts.
 Li Hao had once comprehended the origin.

 Later on, the little tree also said that times were different. The path of origin might have been completely abandoned and was not consistent with this era.
 Even so, little tree's origin talisman had still easily killed a metamorphosis stage expert and two Sunglow-level experts.
 Li Hao didn't say anything. The small sword had already flown back. At this moment, the energy within the small sword had been greatly consumed.
 Of course, Li Hao had saved up a lot before.
 He didn't say anything. In an instant, a large amount of sword energy overflowed and spread in all directions. Countless divine power stones were instantly shattered. Not only that, but the origin God weapons were also swallowed by the small sword.
 In the blink of an eye, extremely strong sword energy surged out.
 The people from Southern Fist were all absorbing it madly, each and every one of them overjoyed.
 However, there were a few people who did not look too happy.
 Hou Xiaochen only absorbed a bit of it, then stopped. He stabilized his condition, but his face was still a bit dark.
  Tian Jian only absorbed a little bit of it. He looked at the distant stellarsky city and said indifferently,"Should we continue? Jiusi is being held back by the imperial family. If we attack now, we might be able to break this balance!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He seemed to be thinking about something.
 After a while, he turned to hou Xiaochen,"Minister hou, Silver Moon has always been afraid of the nine divisions and the imperial family. Is it because of these experts?"
 Hou Xiaochen was silent for a moment before suddenly shaking his head,"No."
 Li Hao was stunned.
 "Silvermoon isn't afraid of anyone," hou Xiaochen replied calmly,"he's just afraid that we'll draw out some old monsters at this stage! "Be it the nine divisions or the royal family, they all have control over a large number of relics. There are also many relics in the central region. Putting aside the ancient people, the monster plants and monsters may be in deep sleep, waiting to be awakened. Just like the monster plants you've seen before, they may have control over some of them ... At this stage, no one wants these existences to come out ... But when people are forced into a corner, anything is possible!"
 "There are differences between the present and the past. Be it demonic plants or demonic beasts, just because they submitted to the human race during the ancient civilization doesn't mean that they will do so today. Otherwise, heavenly ROC mountain and Phoenix Mountain wouldn't have appeared," he continued.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao frowned slightly.
 "Other than that ... There's another special existence that's very troublesome," hou Xiaochen continued. "Silvermoon tried to leave, but ... He was heavily injured! Back in our time, some of the older generation martial masters had already obtained great power when they were still in the early stages of becoming supers. However, they suffered heavy losses and chose to return to Silver Moon. "
 Li Hao's eyes flickered, but he didn't ask any further.
 "Silvermoon has four defensive systems," hou Xiaochen continued,"not four offensive ones ... As such, Silvermoon has always focused on defense, self-preservation, and protection."
 He didn't say anything else.
 Huang Yu glanced at him, then looked at Li Hao and sighed.""We're late!"
 It was too late because Li Hao had become a superpower.  Huang Yu, who had always been a dignified expert, sighed,""You're too impatient. If you turn into a superpower ... You don't understand what you'll face and what you'll miss ..."
 "You don't know why so many powerhouses insist on walking the path of a Martial Master even though they know it's not easy."
 He looked into the distance and said softly,"at our level, there's almost no other path for martial masters. However, the path of superpowers is clear. Why don't we all go on that path?" Divine abilities can still be stabilized, but as a Martial Master, it's still unclear how you'll progress in the future. "
 "However, everyone still has to walk the path of martial masters, because ... There will be changes soon. There are ways to solve these problems in the Silver Moon land, and even some ancient inheritances will appear! Li Hao ... You're the Li family's descendant, but some things are only passed down to martial masters. For example, in heaven battling city, the heaven battling Army is made up of martial masters, not supers ..."
 Li Hao would miss all of this once he became a super!
 In fact ... Even if the Li family's city appeared, he might be abandoned outside.
 Even if you were of the Li family bloodline, it was useless. The most powerful ancient martial artists were mostly martial masters. There were not many superpowers. Even if there were, there might not be any inheritance left behind in this land.
 Hou Xiaochen was also silent. Li Hao's change in power was a huge blow to him.
 This was because Li Hao had been converted in stellarsky city.
 He was right beside her!
 Li Hao laughed and said indifferently,""Just this? I was wondering what it was!"
 Huang Yu frowned."You still don't understand. At this stage, be it martial masters or superpowers, don't try to surpass the ancient people. There's no hope. If we can't get the inheritance left by some of the most powerful people, we'll only be stagnant and can't surpass what we have now! Although your master's breathing technique of five birds is powerful, does Yuan Shuo dare to say that he can surpass the ancient people?"
  "I dare!"
 "Why wouldn't I dare?" Yuan Shuo said angrily.
 Then, he snorted and glanced at Li Hao. After a long while, he said,""I'm fine! Superpowers are superpowers, I will help you think of a way ..."
 As he spoke, his face turned gloomy. He looked into the city and suddenly gritted his teeth,""Li Hao, forget it this time. It's fine as long as you take advantage of me ... There's no benefit in fighting it out. But ... If the ninth Bureau dares to send so many experts to kill you ... Then I ..."
 He gritted his teeth, looking at the city fiercely. Suddenly, he didn't say anything.
 Hong Yitang glanced at him and said,""Don't mess around!"
 Yuan Shuo snorted and ignored him.
 Just wait and see!
 Ever since Li Hao revealed his superpower, he had been pulling a long face. Of course, he told Li Hao that it was fine and that it was good to be a superpower.

 However, in his heart, an unknown fire was about to burn.
 He had already sorted out the spirit accumulation and spirit fusion stages.
 As long as Li Hao followed the prescribed order, it wouldn't be difficult for him to fuse with the gods.
 Once the five Forces were combined and the lock was broken, Li Hao could even easily surpass the soul Fusion stage and enter a new world. At that time, Li Hao could do whatever he wanted.
 In the city, the rumbling continued.
 The royal family was still resisting.
 As for the nine divisions, they all faintly emitted rays of light that gathered towards the imperial family.
 Li Hao didn't say anything else. After releasing a large amount of sword energy, he flew through the air and instantly returned to the north gate. At this moment, a large number of Wei Wu Army soldiers were still suppressing the aristocrats, but a portion of the aristocrats had already fled.
 Li Hao didn't care about this. He shouted in a low voice,""Continue with the beheading!"
 While the nine divisions and the imperial family were fighting, he would first behead these people!
  When both sides were fighting, they had intentionally avoided these people. Some aristocrats thought that they would be fine, but at this moment, their faces were pale. Someone roared,""Li Hao, if you kill us, you're only bullying the weak. Isn't this the law of the jungle?"
 "Mu Xiaorong has already escaped. Those great aristocrats have also escaped. Why don't you dare to kill them?"
 "What fairness? it's all a joke! You're just a bully!"
 Some nobles had already sensed the danger of death, because the powerhouses of the nine divisions had all retreated, but Li Hao had returned. They were immediately anxious and roared.
 They seemed to have been abandoned!
 Many of the true top-class nobles had run away, such as mu Xiaorong and the others.
 However, they were treated as abandoned children. There were too many people, and the strong practitioners of the nine divisions did not come to save them at all.
 Li Hao was silent and only looked at them in silence.
 A moment later, a low shout resounded in all directions,""Slash!"
 In the next moment, the faces of the Wei Wu Army soldiers flushed red with excitement. They held their long blades and with a low shout, they slashed down!
 Pfft!
 Blood spurted out!
 At this moment, the people in the city who were still in a daze were suddenly stunned. On the screens, a bloody scene appeared.
 ……
  In the nine Dragons Pavilion.  "You're courting death!" A noble woman's expression changed, and she instantly disappeared. The next moment, she reappeared on the ground and scolded,""Why is the projection still continuing? The nine divisions have been defeated, and the projection should be over!"
 That's right. As an extension of the royal family, the retreat of the nine divisions cultivators should end this farce. Then, the killing of the aristocrats ... There was no need for a live broadcast to boost Li Hao's reputation.
 This was a blow to the nine divisions and the imperial family. It was not a good thing.
 It was originally agreed that once the nine divisions were defeated or Li Hao was killed ... The live broadcast would end.
 No matter what, the scene of him being beheaded would not happen.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, the nine Dragons Pavilion's main control of the projection was still on.
 The woman had just been paying attention to the riot in the palace and didn't pay much attention to this side. She only reacted when the cries of alarm continued outside.
 In the basement, a huge machine was working with a roar.
 Dozens of people were in charge of projecting everything.
 At this moment, the female manager was also here. Just as she was about to speak, an old man with white hair in the basement smiled. Suddenly, blood flowed out of his mouth as he looked at the woman."Seventh Princess, let me introduce myself once again. I'm Zhao mingduan, the director of the Heavenly Star ancient Academy's research Institute. I've given the order to continue projecting ... Don't you think that the moment these heads were cut off ... Was very beautiful?"
 He laughed as he coughed out more and more blood and gradually lost his life.
 The seventh princess's face was cold and stern. She glanced at the others in the hall, but everyone was silent.
 Projection was a technical job, not a simple physical job.
  Back when the Heavenly Star ancient Academy had closed down, the nine Dragon Pavilion had recruited a group of people. Who would have thought that she would be able to pull such a stunt today? many of these people were students of the ancient academy, and there were also a few teachers.
 Of course, she wasn't completely defenseless. There were guards nearby.
 She looked around and saw a few bodies in the corner. Her expression changed. She looked at the female manager and said in a low voice,""Hu Jiao, how did they die? when did you arrive?"
 The female manager's face turned slightly pale and she said in a low voice,""Pavilion master, I ..."
 "Cough, cough, cough!"
 There was the sound of coughing. In the basement, another old man covered his mouth and coughed. He revealed a smile."Seventh Princess, inspector Zhao is dead. He killed everyone before he died ... Are you going to continue investigating?"
 He smiled and said,"if you continue to pursue this matter, the communication with the nine Dragons Pavilion may be cut off. We still need to support all the intelligence systems, including the construction of the communication Jade transfer station. If there's a problem, are you sure that you can repair it smoothly without us?"
 "Are you threatening me?"
 ,m The seventh Princess looked at him coldly. The old man coughed non-stop, as if he was not afraid. "I'm not threatening you. I'm just stating the truth. Perhaps ... Everyone thinks that we're useless, but the seventh Princess should understand that without us ... The royal family's intelligence network will collapse ... Will this satisfy the seventh Princess?"  She looked at these people coldly and said,""You all think so? Bengong doesn't need too many people, as long as there is someone who knows, naturally the inheritance will not be broken. Now that Zhao Ming is dead, I need a new ruler. As long as you say it, there will naturally be glory, splendor, wealth, and rank!"

 She snorted coldly in her heart. So what if a few of them died?
 There were dozens of people present. As long as a few of them still knew how to do it, everything would not be a problem. Naturally, they would recruit people to continue learning and fill the gap.
 Wasn't it just money?
 Wasn't it just status?
 I'll give it to you!
 The basement was dead silent.
 Everyone lowered their heads and didn't make a sound.
 The old man said softly,"inspector Zhao is dead, and everyone is sad. Seventh Princess, it's not appropriate to talk about money and wealth now. It's just a small accident. With inspector Zhao's life as compensation, does seventh Princess think it's not enough? Then this old man will also follow ..."
 The seventh princess's face turned even colder. She suddenly sneered,""Well done. As expected of someone from the ancient academy. Yun Haoran was not convinced even after his death. He's cultivated a few tough bones!"
 With that, he turned around and left.
  The female manager quickly followed him without saying a word.
 However, when he passed by inspector Zhao's corpse, he lowered his head and took a look. He looked into his eyes and saw his smile. His eyes were a little wet, but they instantly evaporated and he left with the seventh Princess.
 After they had left, a soft sobbing sound rang out in the basement.
 The old man who was still alive had a calm expression. Old Zhao died a worthy death! That's good. This time, I'll behead a few hundred of his evil people and let the whole city and the whole dynasty see that neither the nine divisions nor the royal family can control everything! It's impossible to rule the world with the elimination of the People's wisdom as the foundation. It's also not popular to implement two completely different laws to treat the nobles and civilians!"
 "It's inevitable that the nobles will enjoy more, gain more, and start higher. However, we can't do it at the cost of cutting off the future of most people. If this goes on, the nobles will become more and more rotten with each generation. Sooner or later, the dynasty will collapse!"
 "Jiusi did not learn from the royal family's lesson and let all this go. Sooner or later, they will suffer the consequences!"
 The old man spoke calmly, and the sobbing sounds around him gradually disappeared.
 Everyone looked at the old man. The old man stood up, but he was missing a leg. He held a walking stick and looked at a big screen in the basement. He pointed at a person on the screen and said in a deep voice,""He might not be a good person, and he might become a Supreme noble sooner or later, or even dominate a region and become the king ... But now, he has cut through a trace of darkness! "Everyone, remember this moment. Someone will step forward!" If he doesn't appear, there will be one sooner or later. Don't despair! We ... Won't be the only clear-headed people in this era!"
 The instant the Heavenly Star ancient Academy crumbled, everyone's hearts gave up.
 In this era, it was too difficult to do anything.
 In order to save their lives and survive, they chose to join the nine Dragon Pavilion. They quickly helped the nine Dragon Pavilion set up a communication system and helped the nine Dragon Pavilion to control the 99 provinces in the dynasty.
 Therefore, he had gained a firm foothold here.
 The seventh Princess had also gradually let down her guard against them. However, today ... They had disobeyed her orders and completed the live broadcast of the last scene.
 ……
 At this moment, stellarsky city was a little hot.
 The scene was frozen at the last scene. At this moment, the projection had disappeared, but their hearts were burning. Three hundred nobles had their heads chopped off. The fear, anger, and disbelief before their death were all clearly seen in their eyes.
 They did not know who had won this time.
 However, Li Hao was still alive.
 Jiu si didn't seem to care about these people and allowed them to be beheaded ... From the looks of it, Li Hao had won!
 This was enough!
 In the city, some of the Noble's vassals were panicking.
 Some of the minor nobles who usually bullied others were also trembling in fear, hiding in their homes and not daring to go out.
 He was dead!
 Hundreds of people had died. They didn't understand and didn't want to understand the battle between the strong. They only knew that it was too far away. They only knew that the people around them, the evil people, seemed to be afraid.
 That was enough!
 At this moment, Li Hao's voice resounded again.""Night patrollers patrol the surroundings. Kill anyone who does evil! Those who caused trouble, kill! The Heavenly Star military governor's office was still open, and the location was ... The North City gate Square! Anyone can come and report us. As long as the evidence is conclusive and it involves transcendents, we will kill them all!"
 ……
 In the nine divisions.
 The faces of the secretaries changed. Someone roared,""He actually wants to stay?"
 Yes, it was unexpected!
 They had thought that Li Hao would leave and return to Silver Moon after this.
 No!
 Li Hao didn't leave!
 Not only did he not leave, but he also seemed to want to continue washing.
 In the criminal Division, the current Secretary's face was ashen. He looked to the North and gritted his teeth."Li Hao, you're courting death!"
 He actually stayed behind ... Unbelievable.
 Did he really think that he was invincible?  If Jiusi had not been tied down by the imperial family, many of Silver moon's men would have died today. Where did Li Hao's confidence come from to stay?
 ……
 At the north gate.
 Hou Xiaochen and the others were also confused. They were about to ask Li Hao to leave with them and return to Silver Moon. It would be safer there. At least, Silver Moon still had a lot of combat power.
 Li Hao, however, didn't say anything.
 He had just gotten rid of a portion of the aristocrats. If he left now ... Everything would return to how it was before. Thus, he would not leave now. If he left, then killing the aristocrats and experts in today's battle would not be of much use.
 As long as he was in stellarsky city, he would be the role model, the biggest role model in the world.
 It was also a deterrent to all sides!
 "Li Hao ..."
 Li Hao raised his hand and interrupted hou Xiaochen. He smiled,"What are you afraid of?"
 He looked into the distance, in the direction of Jiu si, and smiled.""I'm going to be a thorn, piercing into their hearts! They're very strong, and perhaps the strength they're showing now is only a portion of it, but ... So what?"
 "You don't have to worry about me, but you guys ... Just go when you need to. I have the wind-chasing boots. At this stage, as long as I don't want to fight head-on, it'll be difficult for them to stop me!"
 He then said,"we must eliminate evil!" It's only the beginning, what's the use?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao looked at the commotion in the city, and then at the restless night patrols around him. He smiled and said,""Did you guys see that? A portion of the night patrollers seem to be starting to be obedient!"
 At the side, Yao si said indifferently: "these night patrols are all my old subordinates. There are not many bad people in the first place. It's just that they have been suppressed by Huang Long in the past few years ..."
 Li Hao looked at Yao si."Then, Minister Yao, why did you ignore them for the past five years? why did you let them be suppressed?"
 Yao si wanted to say something but stopped. After a while, he snorted and didn't say anything.
 Why?
 Are you blind?
 Didn't you see so many experts attacking today?
 I may be powerful, but if I hadn't disobeyed and laid low, do you think I would still be here today?
 With Yun Haoran's death, he, the leader of the night patrollers, had become a thorn in everyone's side. At that moment, if he had continued to maintain his previous dominance, he would have been dead long ago.
 Li Hao knew all of this.
 However, he was still not happy with this person.
 It was nothing else. He had been unhappy since the last time he saw this person drinking the spring of life and watching the show, even now.
 Yao si couldn't be bothered with anything and turned to leave.
 In fact, he didn't like being with Li Hao.
 More importantly, this guy had directly ordered the night patrol to stop asking him. What did he mean?
 You're the Vice Governor of the Heavenly Star military governor's office, and there's still the governor, the Deputy Minister, and the Minister above you ... Don't you know how many ranks you're lacking?
 If one didn't know better, they would think that you were the head of the night patrol.
 "It's good that he's gone. Let's continue to cultivate. If he's not gone, I can't bear to continue releasing sword energy!"
 Li Hao's voice wasn't soft either. Yao si, who was far away, cursed in his heart!
 You're saying it on purpose for me to hear?
 I would care about this!
 My five internal organs are stable, what I lack now is the next stage of my cultivation path, I don't care about these things.
 After unsealing, his combat strength had increased by a lot, but the damage was not great. He could even feed himself.
  He cursed in his heart and ignored Li Hao.
 When he returned to the night patrolman headquarters, he saw Xiao Ye looking at him with a face full of admiration. Yao Si was first happy, but in the next second, it turned into anger.
 "Minister, this time ... The Minister is too brave. He's still the invincible hero in my heart!"
 Yao Si was happy.
 Immediately after, Xiao Ye said in admiration,""Under the leadership of Governor li, the Minister has regained his former glory. I think the night patrolmen will be able to pull themselves together very soon!"
 These words didn't sound right.
 I'm the Minister!
 "He's the Deputy Governor, so there's a difference of several ranks. "Yao si shouted in his heart." With a difference of several ranks, he's not the one leading me, I'm the one leading him!"
 The night patrolman is my territory!
 Do you understand?

 North City.
 Li Hao continued to look at the central area. Over there, the battle between the nine divisions and the imperial family seemed to have weakened. It seemed that the imperial family had chosen to remain dormant since Silver Moon and the others were not participating.
 Li Hao hoped that the two sides would continue to maintain this balance.
 It was a good thing!
 If one side won, Li Hao would feel uneasy.
 He had killed many powerful cultivators with the ability of God, and the imperial family felt that it was time to give it a try. They had not resisted before, but today, they had resisted violently. It was most likely related to Hu Xiao's death.
 The power fluctuations from the criminal law Division were obviously weaker.
 The old director of the criminal Division was dead, and his son was obviously weaker. Even his control of the divine weapon was much weaker.
 The experts beside Li Hao were all looking in that direction.
 Li Hao's eyes also glowed with a faint golden light.
  His eyes were always able to see energy fluctuations, which might be related to his bloodline. Today, the small sword had absorbed a lot of blood again. Although it was not able to unseal much, it might be related to the purity of his bloodline.
 But at this moment, there seemed to be a slight change in his eyes.
 He saw the flow of some energy, but it was no longer pure energy. He could even vaguely see the flow of some inner strength. He turned to look at hou Xiaochen, who was beside him, and hou Xiaochen turned to look at Li Hao.
 Li Hao's eyes flickered as if he could vaguely see thick super locks.
 As expected, there were some changes in his eyes.
 "Why?"
 Li Hao thought to himself. Holding the small sword, he had a vague understanding. Perhaps the small sword's blood-sucking had purified his bloodline, making it purer. Was that so?
 He wasn't too sure. He had always been suspicious of the fact that he could see things with his eyes.
 He seemed to be different from the heavenly eye cultivator.
 Heavenly eye cultivators relied on their innately powerful mental strength to spy on certain things. He was not like that. He relied on his bloodline and not his divine intent to probe. Heavenly eye cultivators were just as powerful as divine intent.
 Li Hao had an idea, but he didn't say it.
 He looked around and saw many martial masters.
 However, after absorbing just a bit of sword energy, a Martial Master ran away. He ran so fast that he couldn't even be seen. He looked at hou Xiaochen and said,"Senior Thunderbolt kick has run away. Minister, what did he do?"
 He wasn't too familiar with this Martial Master who had come to help this time. He only remembered his somewhat wretched appearance.
  " 20 years ago, when he was sparring with the heaven's breaker foot, there were a few onlookers. He lost to the heaven's breaker foot, so in a fit of anger, he attacked the spectators and killed more than 20 people."  p Li Hao frowned slightly.  However, Yuan Shuo did not think much of it. "You clearly know that the strong are fighting, but you insist on watching. It's like watching a monkey show. Even if you die, you'll die in vain. There are some things that you've clearly overcorrected! Martial masters don't usually fight near ordinary people, and those who watch are martial masters. Since ancient times, Silver Moon has a rule that you'll be responsible for your own injuries and deaths if you watch experts fight!"
 "He killed them on purpose!"
 "Yuan Shuo, your disciple is giving a speech here!" Hou Xiaochen said coldly. And you?"
 Yuan Shuo was not to be outdone,"that's the rule of the martial arts world!" Laws were laws, unspoken rules were unspoken rules. Even martial masters had tacitly agreed to it, which was equivalent to transcendent rules. Nowadays, transcendents and ordinary people did not apply the same rules! It didn't involve ordinary people, and the law also depended on the situation. Thunderbolt kick was different from these aristocrats, so don't confuse them! "Also, if we really talk about breaking the law and involving ordinary people, there are very few of us. If there is, there's only one. You should just go and catch Nanquan!"
 Nanquan was dumbfounded.
 Yuan Shuo sneered,"Thunderbolt kick, in my opinion, is much stronger than Southern boxing!" He had killed some bystanders ... That was Wu Lin's business! When the southern Boxing Club ate out, they often didn't pay. They were like gangsters and often bullied others! If you really want to interfere, kill him first. I don't think it's a big problem!"
 As soon as he said this, the usually well-mannered Northern fist also nodded silently. After thinking for a while, he said softly,""Little he doesn't follow the rules and likes to do such disgraceful things. Back then, in the Silver Moon martial forest, his reputation was the worst among the people ... Even people like Ying Hongyue didn't have as bad a reputation as him."
 It was mainly because those people ran amuck in the martial arts world, unlike the southern Fist sect. It was not just once or twice that they didn't pay for their meals.
 Southern Fist was a little angry,"later on, I would pay you back even if I had money!" I'll only go for a few meals when I'm out of money. I've already told the boss that I'll pay if I have money. I just owe money, it's not like I won't pay!"
 He felt that his reputation had been completely ruined.
 "You guys can go to Silver Moon and ask him yourself." He was a little annoyed."Did I pay him back the moment I had the money?"
 "Do you have money?"
  Someone sneered.
 Nanquan was stunned. After a while, he cursed in a low voice. Of course he had!
 Who are you looking down on?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao didn't say anything, but he was deep in thought.
 It wasn't like the current situation, where one law had two uses.
 Instead, it was a division between transcendents and ordinary people. Transcendents used transcendent laws, ordinary people used ordinary laws, and when transcendents interfered with the ordinary world, which law should be used?
 He fell into deep thought.
 He had never thought about this before, but today, he had thought of many things. For example, he had followed the unspoken rules of the martial arts world and killed some onlookers to vent his anger after losing the battle.
 On Wu Lin's side, Yuan Shuo felt that there was no problem.
 However, hou Xiaochen felt that this shouldn't have happened. They should have been arrested. That was why thunderclap kick ran away without even thinking about the benefits after seeing them here. It was obvious that he was afraid of hou Xiaochen.

 Li Hao pondered for a while, then looked down at the Wei Wu Army and the nobles who had yet to escape or be executed.
 He looked at the crowd and said after a while,""Those who haven't been tried can leave, but those who ran away ... I will arrest them one by one! It's the right of the night patrolmen to release you, but to escape ... That's against the law!"
 The nobles below were stunned. They thought they were dead for sure!
 In the end ... He was released?
 Is that true?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com And those who escaped were descendants of the great nobles. Would Li Hao arrest them?
 Everyone was in disbelief!
 Some of them were too scared to move, while others carefully observed the situation. Seeing that Li Hao was ignoring them, they carefully moved and fled the next moment, their eyes full of ecstasy!
 Seeing that someone had left first, the remaining people also fled one by one ...
 "Why aren't you killing him anymore?" hou Xiaochen looked at Li Hao.
  Li Hao shook his head."It doesn't make much sense. The first batch is enough." "I'll naturally take care of these people slowly. It's enough for today. Let them go back and deter the others. Moreover, we can also cause some trouble for some people ..."
 Li Hao chuckled and looked in the direction of Jiusi Street.
 Finally, he turned to hou Xiaochen and said,"head back to Silver Moon!" It's enough for me to stay here. "
 Hou Xiaochen frowned.
 "You can't do it alone!"
 Li Hao didn't say much. In the end, he looked at the others."Li Hao is extremely grateful that all of you have come to our aid today! Last time, seniors left in a hurry, so this time, you'll stay for one or two more days. After I'm done with the matter at hand, I'll release some sword energy to help seniors consolidate their five internal organs!"
 With that, he glanced at Yuan Shuo.
 Yuan Shuo's face was black. Seeing his disciple looking over, he seemed to know what his disciple was thinking. He said indifferently,""You want me to teach you the soul Fusion technique? Other than the breathing technique of five birds, it doesn't matter. It's just a concept and doesn't involve any specific inheritance ... Whatever you want!"
 Other than the breathing technique of five birds, he didn't care about anything else.
 It was just a matter of concept.
 However, for everyone else, no matter how powerful the breathing technique of five birds was, it might not be useful. Instead, they were very interested in some of Yuan Shuo's ideas on spirit fusion.
 As soon as he said that, even Tian Jian, who had wanted to leave, stopped and chose to stay.
 At this moment, Black Panther suddenly appeared.
 The Black Panther, which had been disappearing this whole time, silently ran to Li Hao's side. Its dog face was full of joy, but it didn't make a sound. It quietly approached Li Hao.
 Li Hao looked down and raised his eyebrows. After thinking for a while, he said,""Heibao, hand over all the things that Minister hou killed!"
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 The Black Panther cried out!
  The dog's face was full of unwillingness and disbelief. You want me to hand it over?  Yes, it went to pick up something.
 Li Hao knew that the dog had gone. He didn't take anything he had seized from the battlefield, but he knew that he wouldn't lose anything. There was a dog that had been watching him.
 Black Panther would not let go of any benefits.
 When everyone was fighting, who would have the time to pick up the spoils?
 However, this fellow wouldn't let any of them go. It was no wonder that it had disappeared after intervening in the battle against the Metamorphoses. It had probably been cleaning up the battlefield the entire time.
 Everyone looked at Black Panther.
 He had to admit that he had killed many experts this time. He had killed 14 of them who possessed divine powers. As for those at the metamorphosis stage, including Huang Long and the others, he had killed a total of 9 of them, as well as many at the rising light realm.
 These people, such as the king of the plains, were the Masters of the royal residence.
 For example, the heaven's eye cultivator and Hu Xiao were both overlords of their respective regions. They would definitely have a lot of good stuff. There was also the great pirate from the North Sea who had been plundering for many years. There was also the old Duke of the high Duke's public house ...
 Who wasn't rich enough to rival a country?
 At this time, some people were tempted. Southern Fist looked at Li Hao several times, as if he wanted to say,"should we split the loot?"
 Of course, Tian Jian and the others didn't care about this. At this moment, Jiu si seemed to have completely calmed down. There was no sound. Tian Jian looked for a while and said,"If we stay, we might be safe. We might ... Be surrounded and attacked by both sides!"
 There were only two possibilities. Jiusi wouldn't deal with Li Hao's group alone. Otherwise, the imperial family would be free, unless the two sides reached an agreement.
 Her words interrupted Li Hao.
 As for the Black Panther, it also escaped in an instant.
 It was obvious that this dog was very independent and was unwilling to share the benefits.
  Li Hao wanted to say more, but hou Xiaochen frowned and said, "It's okay, it's fine if they're taken away. To us, some divine energy stones or the spring of life won't have much of an effect. What we need isn't these, but the path ahead!"
 This was just a small matter.
 The real important matter wasn't this. He looked at Hong Yitang, who had been very calm. He thought for a while before saying,""Brother Hong, how many of the locks did you break?"
 Hong Yitang glanced at him and smiled.""What's the point of asking?"
 "I want to see if you have the confidence to recover."
 "It doesn't matter."
 Hong Yitang was calm."If it doesn't work, then continue on the path of energy. At least there's a clear path up there. After strengthening the five organs, I can continue to try three or four divine arts ... It won't be a problem."
 He didn't want to say anything more.
 Seeing this, hou Xiaochen sighed and stopped asking.
 At this stage, Li Hao, Hong Yitang, and Tian Jian were all in the same situation. They had completely become divine ability cultivators. The three of them were all top experts and geniuses on the path of martial arts, which made him feel a little emotional.

 Li Hao didn't say or ask anything.
 This time, he was prepared to deal with it alone.
 He did not expect so many experts to come.
 Of course, he knew that someone would come.
 However, Yao si and Thunderbolt kick arrived, which was quite unexpected. The two from the inspection Office were opportunists, so Li Hao didn't care too much about them. Li Hao also didn't care about these two who were uncertain.
 This time, he was prepared to stay in stellarsky city for a period of time.
 The situation in Sky Star City was very complicated, and it was not normal for so many divine arts to appear. This meant that these people had a lot of spring of life, and what he had seen so far was only the surface.
 Li Hao was sure that there were relics here, and quite a few.
 The Heavenly Star City was perhaps the Heavenly Star Town of the past.
 It was said that there used to be a huge mine here, and it was guarded by an Army. Heaven battling city said that there were ten Heavenly Star armies here, but they lost contact with them later. At this moment, Li Hao was sure that this might really be the location of the Heavenly Star relic.
  He wondered if the nine divisions and the royal family had excavated the ruins together, or if they had their own.
 All sorts of thoughts emerged.
 "Let's find a place to talk about how it feels to become a superpower ..." Hong Yitang said."Leave this place to them. It'll be fine for the time being."
 Li Hao was a little surprised. He knew that this person had something to say.
 I'm really sorry for this.
 The others didn't say anything. Li Hao and Hong Yitang stepped on the air and disappeared.
 After they left, Yuan Shuo snorted.
 He was unhappy!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This guy, again.
 Of course, this time, Hong Yitang's seal had been completely removed for Li Hao. He was also helpless. He wanted to be stopped by Hong Yitang.
 Beside her, the Jade light sword didn't play any role this time, but she didn't care too much. It was good that Li Hao didn't die. She said telepathically, "Didn't you say that you'll become stronger when you meet a stronger opponent?"
 Yuan Shuo cursed in his heart!
 He also sent a voice transmission,'what do you know! If you force me, this will be an unprecedented war. What do you know?"
 "You still have a trump card?"
 "Nonsense, who doesn't have a trump card?"
 Yuan Shuo cursed and swore, but in his heart, he was thinking that perhaps ... He should make more preparations. This disciple of his was becoming more and more unreliable. On his side, he could not always rely on external forces.
 ……
  At the seaside.  Hong Yitang didn't talk about superpowers, but asked,""What is your goal in staying here?"
 "I don't know," Li Hao shook his head.
 "You don't know?"
 "Yes."
 Hong Yitang laughed."You don't know and you dare to mess around? Your reckless actions have actually broken quite a few unspoken rules. For example, Silver Moon has actually been waiting for all the experts to enter Silver Moon this entire time. The nine divisions are not ready, and neither is the imperial family ... And you've only been here for a short time, so no one has actually made any preparations. "
 "Isn't that good?"Li Hao smiled.
 "You!"
 Hong Yitang sighed with emotion and said,"even your master isn't prepared. He's always been confident and actually knows a little. This guy should have reached an agreement with a monster plant or monster ... Or he knows where it is but hasn't dug it out ... However, from his previous performance, he might have dug out one recently ..."
 Li Hao thought for a moment and nodded."My teacher's five internal organs grew very quickly. Perhaps he found a monster plant in the central region. The two sides might have made some agreements."
 He could tell.
 When Yuan Shuo fused the five Forces, he had absorbed a lot of spring water from the spring of life. Li Hao had not given it to him, but he had dug it up himself. It was possible that he had dug up a monster plant in the central region, so there was a high chance that the two were connected.
 However, it might not be a good thing to work with the monster plants.
 Luring out the monster plant might cause some unpredictable consequences.
 Hong Yitang also nodded."Heavenstar is not a good place. If we stay here, we will be surrounded by Tigers and wolves. The nine divisions 'Foundation will not be fully revealed."
 "Aren't the old secretaries the same?"
 "It might not be."
  Hong Yitang took a look at stellarsky city."The one from the Division of Administration hasn't made a move yet. Only seven old secretaries have made a move. Other than the one from the Division of Administration, the old Secretary from the military law Division hasn't appeared either ... These two might be the most powerful. The one ranked third ... Should be that old man who's opportunistic."
 "Him?"
 The old man at the inspection Office?
 He thought for a moment and nodded. It was indeed very powerful. The other party killed King Chujiang as soon as he appeared, but he didn't make a move after that, so he didn't really notice it. He didn't cough, and ... He felt like a Martial Master. Even Li Hao didn't notice the existence of the light ball.
 Among the nine divisions, there were martial masters and also superpowers. Hu Xiao was a superpower, but the old man in the inspector's office looked like a Martial Master.
 At their level, it was difficult for Li Hao to see anything, but he could see that the light was too hot.
 Hong Yitang simply analyzed and said,""You want to reform this dynasty? With all due respect, there's no hope, unless ... We completely overturn the Empire and rebuild it!"
 "I'm not thinking of reforming it. "
 Li Hao shook his head again."To be honest, I don't even know what I want. I just feel that it's unfair and that it's too dark. I know my abilities, but I don't have the ability to be a Savior like you said. That's not realistic, and it's not what I want!"
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"let's put it this way. Perhaps I've seen heaven battling city and read some ancient books ... I think that in this era, whether it's superpowers or martial masters, they're all just pursuing the path of power. It has nothing to do with ordinary people. In that case ... Why should we get involved with them?" Must we go to war? Did he have to exploit them? Did the ancient civilization also become powerful by exploiting these weak ordinary people?"

 He didn't understand!
 He also felt that it was unnecessary.
 Hong Yitang laughed and shook his head."They're not simply exploiting. They want to obliterate the People's wisdom and cultivate a group of ignorant people. In fact, none of the families are stupid. They know that the people's will is useful, but why not do so? it's too difficult!"
 "Who can easily obtain the recognition of tens of billions of people?"
 "It's too difficult!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com p "So, there's a simple way to make them stupid and brainwash them. After that, they will lose some of their own ideas. When someone has unified the dynasty, the will of the people will appear, and the will of the people will be fake ..."  Seeing that Li Hao still didn't understand, he could only be more direct.""Do you know why the number of schools has been reduced and why the people have been constantly suppressed?"
 "I don't know,"
 "The human heart!"
  He then explained,"human King ... Human heart!" The ancient books once said that if you want to become the human Emperor or the human King, you need to be United and acknowledged by everyone. This way, you will possess unparalleled power, and you can even step onto a special great Dao and become a true unparalleled expert!"
 "However, neither the nine divisions nor the royal family are confident that they can achieve this. That's why they hope that the people will be a little more ignorant so that they can be easily controlled and finally give birth to a human King for them!"
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned and looked at Hong Yitang.
 Hong Yitang laughed."This is much simpler. There's no choice. The world is in chaos now. No one can guarantee that they can treat the billions of people well and make them acknowledge them from the bottom of their hearts. That's not something a human can do. Since that's the case ... Of course, we have to take a shortcut!"
 Li Hao understood this time!
 His expression changed,"you mean, it was actually ... On purpose?" The nine divisions and the imperial family know what's going on and are doing this on purpose?"
 "Nonsense!"
 Hong Yitang laughed,'the wise ones among them are smarter than you! Of course they know everything, of course they know that the people are in dire straits, but once the people become ignorant, it's actually very easy to control them. This has always been the case since ancient times. "
 "A few years ago, Yun Haoran from heavenstar wanted to do something, but he died a tragic death at home not long after. Do you think everyone doesn't know the benefits of promoting something? The technology of the ancient civilization was very advanced! Once it was widely promoted, the basic necessities of life would be of great help and growth. But when a person is smart and open-minded, they will have more ideas. "
 "Don't think that the upper-class nobles are all idiots. They don't know all of this. They know. Otherwise, why would they study, learn how to read, and train?"
 Hong Yitang looked at Li Hao and smiled."So, this is what everyone wants to see. Do you understand?"  Li Hao nodded. After a moment of silence, he said,""Is there no side that wants to truly become the king of the people? And not by using these foolish methods?"
 "It's too difficult!"
 Hong Yitang sighed,'it's really too difficult, as difficult as ascending to the heavens! Since ancient times, not many people had been able to do this. This was not a matter of strength. It was a matter of promoting social progress and development in all aspects. Clothing, food, housing, transportation, spiritual level, material level, they all had to achieve this! Li Hao, even if you're powerful and rule by force, you'll end up like them sooner or later ... Do you understand what I mean?"
 In the past, Jiusi had also wanted to use some means to win over people's hearts, but he had ultimately given up.
 It wasn't that they didn't know that a Dragon Slayer would become an evil Dragon. They knew it very well!
 However, there were times when they had no choice but to walk that path, because the path ahead was too far and out of reach.
 If there was a shortcut ... He might as well take the shortcut.
 Li Hao considered it for a moment, then shook his head and said,"it is too difficult!" Hearing you say that, I know that I'm not cut out for this, but martial uncle can try ..."
 "You're joking!"
 Hong Yitang laughed,"are you kidding?" I'm in charge of more than a thousand people now, and my hair is almost white. I'm thinking that if there are ten thousand people, a hundred thousand people, a million people in the future ... I'm scared to death! Besides, it's not just ten million, it's a hundred million, ten billion ... It sounds like a number to you, but in fact, it's terrifying!"
  He shuddered in fear!
 Therefore, he could understand the fear of the nine divisions and the imperial family. It was too terrifying.
 Li Hao frowned,'then I won't be the king of men, I'll do as I please! Perhaps you can't satisfy everyone, but do what you should do and don't do what you shouldn 't. Why do you deliberately suppress it and become the king of the humans?"
 "The human heart is filled with greed. When you know that you have the chance to become the human King, undying and imperishable, don't you want to? Now, even if it was as powerful as a divine ability, how long could it live? Don't you want to live for 3000 or 5000 years? "The older generation is all old. For example, the old chief of the nine divisions is more than a hundred years old. In this era, even if a hundred-year-old becomes a divine ability user, his body is too weak and decaying. He'll die of old age!"
 To extend one's life?
 Undying and imperishable?
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said with a smile, I haven't considered this.
 "Yes, that's why you can't understand. That's why those old secretaries all desire it. Because they're old, when they're old, they will make mistakes. Even if they're not afraid of death for the rest of their lives, when they're really old, they'll still be afraid of death. Especially the feeling of you knowing that I'm going to die of old age ... It's unbearable. Even the wise men of the past can't resist such temptation. "
 Li Hao kept listening. In the end, he nodded."I understand what you're saying, martial uncle Hong. You're saying that if we don't get rid of them, there's no point in them staying, right?"

 "Not bad!"
 "Then we'll eradicate them!"
 "I think uncle-master is more suitable to be the Heavenly Star King than they are!" Li Hao grinned.
 Hong Yitang rolled his eyes.
 He didn't want to!
 He had told Li Hao all this so that he could understand the nature of things. Some things couldn't be changed by one person, no matter how strong you were, unless you were so strong that no one could resist you.
 Li Hao said again, uncle-master, you can't become fat after eating so much in one go! I know what you mean, but we can take it slow. If one year doesn't work, then 10 years. If 10 years doesn't work, then 100 years ... I think ancient civilization is good enough, there will always be people who will do it!"
 "If you don't do it, I won't do it. We're just talking about the difficulty ... Of course it's difficult!"
 He looked at Hong Yitang and chuckled,""I think, I'm just a martial artist. I can clear some of the obstacles for martial uncle. Martial uncle, you can expand the swords gate slowly. First, you can expand the swords gate to the lowest level, then the lower level, and then the general public ... Don't think about the population of ten billion people. Let's think about it. First, ten thousand people, then a hundred thousand people, then a million ... A million people isn't a lot. For example, the Silver City. I think it won't be that difficult if the Silver City becomes rich and everyone is motivated."
 Hong Yitang originally wanted to give Li Hao a lesson, but he was a little dazed at this moment.
  Of course, it was difficult.
 However, if you do it, there will be more people who do it.
 For example, this time, Li Hao stood up to resist, and so Yao si stood up. And so, some of the night patrolmen stood up. But if Li Hao didn't stand up, how could there be these people?
 He had originally wanted to persuade Li Hao, but at this moment, he was somewhat convinced by Li Hao's words.
 He was silent for a while and nodded."You're much more mature than before and have more of your own thoughts. You're right. If you do it, there will naturally be people who will follow you. Even if they don't follow you, they will admire you and won't stop you ..."
 At this moment, he thought of many things and suddenly said,""It's only a matter of time before Silver Moon becomes the center of the world, but it won't be so soon. At present, Heavenly Star has a better foundation and is the core of the entire dynasty. Anything done here will be magnified!"
 After saying that, he suddenly laughed. "We'll make some changes in stellarsky city, and it might quickly spread throughout the dynasty. Li Hao, I'd like to stay here and accumulate some experience. What do you think?"
 "Ah?"
 "Martial uncle, you're not going back to Silver Moon?" Li Hao was stunned.
 It was so sudden!
 Hong Yitang nodded."These days, I've been reflecting and thinking. I realized that my thinking is still too simple. Some things are too difficult. Also, some of my experiences are full of idealism and not practical!"
 "And sometimes, it's really a headache ..."
 He said bitterly,"for example, I brought back some things from heaven battling city. I thought they were very practical and advanced, but some people in swords gate still couldn't understand and understand them, so they continued to do things their own way ... So, after thinking about it, I decided that it was because they were too inexperienced and didn't study enough. I want to rebuild the Heavenly Star ancient Academy. "First, let everyone learn how to read. Then, start printing books and promote all of this ..."
 He continued,"the first point is to fill one's stomach!" "After filling your stomach, you'll have better opportunities. Once you're satisfied with the material, everyone will pursue spiritual satisfaction ..."
 Li Hao didn't quite understand, but he just listened carefully.
 Hong Yitang seemed to be trying to convince himself as well. In the end, he smiled and said,""Now is the perfect time. The people are tempted, the imperial family and the nine divisions are restraining each other, and the three major organizations and the seven divine mountains are also in hiding ... If we show up at this time, in addition to the previous battle, we've intimidated a group of people and made them afraid. We can do something."
 "It won't delay martial uncle's cultivation, right?"
 Li Hao asked. Hong Yitang smiled and said,"This is also cultivation, cultivation of the heart. I thought you understood."
 "I have some comprehensions!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao also laughed."Everything is about cultivation. Becoming a Martial Master isn't about strength. It's about the heart. Am I right, uncle-master?"
 "He has a bright future! That's why those martial artists only think about the difference between the path of Martial Master and the path of energy ... In reality, it doesn't matter, there's no difference!"
 Hong Yitang chuckled."To be honest, I'm a little surprised that you've improved so quickly and gained so much insight in such a short time. Only a pure martial artist will always be entangled between superpowers and martial masters. You don't have to worry too much about these things."
 Li Hao nodded."I'm fine with it. Besides, my five viscera lock is still there. If I really want to change it back, it's not impossible."
 "And don't even think about converting back."
 Hong Yitang laughed and said," Just let nature take its course. "Of course, if you can seal it, then seal it first. You should have already unsealed the six locks on your limbs, Zifu, and spine. Let's ignore the five internal organs. Li Hao, you have to know that there are more locks on the human body than this. Also ... You can first strengthen your abilities before thinking about martial arts. Dao is not the only thing."
 Li Hao nodded again.
 Every time he interacted with Hong Yitang, he would gain something, so he was much more at ease now.  Hong Yitang wouldn't tell Li Hao the specific training method. He would only give him some consoling advice. But to be honest, Li Hao had a different feeling each time.
 His teacher and Hong Yitang were probably the ones who had helped him the most to get to where he was today. One was the guiding light on the path of cultivation, and the other was a supporter of his beliefs.
 He didn't say anything about Hong Yitang's intention to stay.
 At most, he would just do it again!
 Who's afraid of who?
 He was not a weakling now.
 The other party knew his background, and he had also figured out some of these people's background. If they wanted to kill him, these people might not be able to do it now.
 If he didn't take this opportunity to establish his authority, he would look like a deserter if he left now.
 Of course, they had to be on guard against their counterattacks, and they still had to be strong.
 He exchanged a few words with Hong Yitang. Li Hao and Hong Yitang walked back. After a while, Li Hao thought of something."Martial uncle, Ying Hongyue and the others also haven't been unsealed. Why are they so much stronger?"
 "The degree of saturation and the number of superpower locks activated are different. The other difference is the physical body, vitality, and mentality. They are all stronger than us in all aspects."
 Li Hao understood.
 ……
 The two of them didn't say anything else.
 On this day, the incident in stellarsky city also spread rapidly.
 A large number of magical powers had fallen, the nine divisions had been defeated, the King of the North Sea had died in battle, the king of the plains had died in battle, and the heads of three hundred aristocrats had fallen ...
 This news was spread in secret by some people.
 As for Silver Moon, he immediately spread the news.
 ……
 In the White moon City.
 Kong Jie exhaled,"amazing!" Just by looking at the information, I wanted to go over, but I didn't expect them to all go. You should have asked old Huang to bring me!"
 Director Zhao couldn't be bothered.
 What's the point of you going?
 It wouldn't change anything.
 "It's a pity, Li Hao ..."Kong Jie added.
 "Not necessarily."
  Director Zhao said,"don't always pity this and that. So what if you have superpowers?" There was nothing bad about it! The inner strength of a Silver Moon Martial Master isn't the only thing that's more powerful than their superpowers. It's just that they have a different heart. Do you think eyebrows-measuring stick and skysword are considered martial masters?"
 Kong Jie was stunned.
 "It's the earth overturning sword that's open-minded!"
 Director Zhao laughed."Overbearing sword is more optimistic than you guys. I feel that among the martial masters on Silver moon's side, Yuan Shuo is the strongest, not him, but in terms of future ... Yuan Shuo might not be able to match up to him!"
 "Not long after Li Hao started learning martial arts, he has been hanging out with earth-overturning sword. He has been greatly influenced by him. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to see Li Hao today. If he followed Yuan Shuo, Li Hao might be the next Yuan Shuo, the Overlord of Wulin. But the Overlord of Wulin ... Is still too small!"
 He was more open-minded than many people and didn't think there was anything wrong with it.
 Kong Jie frowned,"then the eight cities ..."
 "Do you think the ancient civilization is as short-sighted as you?"
 Director Zhao couldn't be bothered to explain. It was good that they didn't understand!
 At this moment, he had more expectations for Li Hao.

