fileno%d
... General Huai has really come back to life!" He said excitedly. How is that possible?"
 Director Zhao was also at a loss.
 As for Li Hao ... He had never thought that there would be someone with the surname Huang. Because he had promised Li Hao, he had never mentioned these things to him. Although Huang Yu had returned, he had gone straight to the military camp and had not met Li Hao at all.
 "Then ... Is it good or bad?" director Zhao frowned.
 "That will depend on whether heaven battling city's system is still perfect."
 The gold-tier warrior also sobered up from his joy.""If the city's system is still perfect, the other party will not rebel. If it's the only one, then it's hard to say."
 "There's someone else. I told you before that there's a gold-tier warrior who has been waiting in the city Lord's mansion ..."
 "Then ... It shouldn't be a big problem."
 "But ..." Director Zhao frowned.
 "Don't worry, even if he does, it's just a recent recovery, and it won't affect anything. Besides, for us, it may only be beneficial and not harmful. Among the eight major cities, besides venerable sword, heaven battling city is the strongest, and that's the inheritance left behind by another venerable sovereign ... Although heaven battling city is boasting, it does have something to do with that venerable sovereign ..."
  The eight great cities were also divided into strong and weak. For example, heaven battling city was stronger than the other cities because its background was more powerful, and it was on par with the Li family.
 Director Zhao was still worried,"I want to take a look around heaven battling city."
 "You can go!"
 "If we can go in ..." The gold-tier warrior said,"we can go in and take a look. If we can communicate with them, tell them that we are still here!"
 "Alright!"
 Director Zhao quickly disappeared, his mind filled with many thoughts.
 Who could revive the monster plants in the main city?
 Hundreds of millions!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com You must be joking.
 Moreover, after paying so many benefits, the other party had only just revived. If you wanted more benefits, you would have to continue to pay ... With these resources, it would not be difficult to revive four to five ordinary monster plants, and the benefits would be great.
 Who did this?
 Li Hao?
 Did that guy have that much money?
 Although he had received a lot of benefits last time, didn't he exchange them for the spring of life to improve the people around him?
 Otherwise, how could he have reached the peak of the six elements so quickly? even the southern Fist and the others improved so quickly?
 ……
 At the same time.
 In all directions, the ruins were shaking.
 Heavenly Star City.
 Below the Imperial Palace.
 Rose thorns instantly transformed into a human figure and looked towards the North with some confusion. After a long time, she said,""Strange ... There was a fluctuation in heaven and earth just now. It seemed to be coming from the direction of the eight major cities ..."
 The distance was too far, but he could faintly feel it.  Someone had recovered?
 Rose thorns frowned instantly. If the monster plants in the main city were revived, they would be in big trouble.
 I hope not!
 It then quickly looked at the entrance of a large mine in the distance and frowned even more. The second revival had not begun, and it could not go out now. As for sending a clone out ... There was not much meaning. No matter where a clone went, it would not be able to fight against those true experts.
 There was still a huge risk in cutting the clone.
 Now, he could only hope that the second recovery would start soon.
 'Damn it!'
 If it wasn't for that guy who kept blocking, if it wasn't for the other guys not cooperating, they would have started long ago.
 A long night was fraught with dreams, and it was very easy for things to change.
 ……
 Red Moon headquarters.
 Ying Hongyue was cultivating when she suddenly opened her eyes. The illusionary figure of the red cloak appeared once again."Something happened in heaven battling city. Perhaps Li Hao returned and provided a large amount of energy. General Huai might have been revived!"
 Ying Hongyue immediately frowned and asked,"where did he get so many treasures?" "Although the major forces have provided a lot last time, you've also said that the recovery of the powerhouses in Yuanping martial arts university might consume more than half of them. He has also been improving crazily, so how can he still have so many divine energy stones?"
 "I'm not sure,"
 The red-cloaked man didn't know either. He only said,""Fortunately, there wasn't too much of a commotion. Even if it was resuscitated, it would only be barely resuscitated! It would be even more terrifying if heaven battling city could be activated, but now ... That's almost impossible!"
 Although he said this, he still said,"try to get rid of Li Hao as much as possible. Otherwise, it will be very troublesome. This person has been contributing to the revival of heaven battling city. Heaven battling city is the second-ranked main city among the eight main cities. In the past, it was no weaker than the Li family!"
 Ying Hongyue also had a splitting headache. How do we solve this?"
 The red-cloaked man was silent for a moment before he said,""You can do it!"
 Ying Hongyue sneered.
 "I can do it? How did you do it?"
 The red-cloaked man was silent for a while before he said,""You don't need to be wary of us. You should go and deal with Li Hao! We have the same goal! You've been hiding your strength all this time because you're worried we'll do something to you, right?"
  "You're overthinking!"
 The red-cloaked man didn't say anything more, but reminded,""If we allow Li Hao to continue growing, he will be a threat to us, and to you ... It will be the same! Don't forget that you're his biggest enemy. If you've always been like this, you might end up raising a Tiger! There are some things that we all know, so be careful not to fall into your own trap!"
 "I don't understand what you're talking about!"
 The man with the red cape laughed."It's fine if you don't understand. Maybe you have your own thoughts, but ... The danger is shared by everyone. It's fine as long as you don't regret it in the future!"
 With that, the red cloak disappeared.
 Ying Hongyue's expression was dark and cold as she looked in the direction that the other party had disappeared.
 He was well-informed!
 There had just been a little change in heaven battling city, but these guys had already known about it, even faster than him.
 Li Hao ...
 He looked to the North and frowned. That was a good move!

 How did he do it?
 He fell into deep thought. After a long time, he smiled coldly. He would give it a try.
 ……
 In heaven battling city.
 The huge city seemed to be expanding as it rumbled.
 A towering tree, which had been dead and silent, was now emitting a faint golden light. A monstrous aura slowly emerged, making Li Hao breathless.
 Li Hao left the tree hole and looked up. At this moment, he could see the sky.
 A big, bare tree was glowing with new life, and a Tender Leaf bigger than a human was growing.
 A wave of mental energy swept in all directions, but it didn't hurt Li Hao.
 "A long time!"
  "Old turtle, I'm alive again!" An old man sighed.
 In the city, the turtle Tower emitted a faint light.
 The old turtle's voice also came slowly.""Yes, it's been a long time! I thought you were completely unable to recover. "
 "I almost died ... 20 years ago, if I hadn't devoured some energy, I probably wouldn't have been able to survive until today. There are too many bastards in the Silver Moon land, and they're too aggressive ... There's too little that I get ..."
 The tree said slowly.
 The other places were fine, but the Silver Moon land had a group of experts and a bunch of monster plants. They were all very powerful and fought with each other to save their lives. They couldn't just not absorb it when everyone was done for, right?
 It sucked the Silver Moon clean!
 At this moment, a middle-aged old man appeared on the huge tree trunk.
 The reason why he said that was because the other party's hair was white, but his face did not look too old.
 The other party seemed to have walked out of an illusion, out of the tree trunk, and appeared in front of Li Hao with a smile.""Little fellow, well done!"
 Li Hao gritted his teeth. He was a little wary, but he quickly smiled and said,""Li Hao greets general!"
 "You've worked hard!"
 The white-haired old man replied, but he didn't mention anything else. He looked into the city and sighed,""When I saw heaven battling city again ... I thought I had no hope in this life."
 At this moment, another old man seemed to have appeared in the air.
 The old man bent over and held onto the cane.
 He was just short of carrying a shell!
 "Old Huai, congratulations!"
 "We should be happy together!"
 The white-haired Huai clan general revealed a slight smile."However, the degree of recovery is not enough. I have only barely recovered my spiritual intelligence, and there is no energy to absorb in the land of the Silver Moon ... Sigh!"
 "It's alright!"
 "At least better than the others," the old turtle said with a smile.
 "That's true. "
 General Huai nodded slightly and glanced at Li Hao.""I've benefited greatly from the credit you've earned this time, commander li. "  "I should!"
 Li Hao bared his teeth and smiled brightly.
 He hurriedly said,"we only killed an undying monster plant. Even though it was difficult and everyone almost died, we still succeeded." It's nothing to be injured, they're all heaven battling city's heaven battling soldiers! All in all, I've only used up one to two hundred million divine power stones and ten thousand drops of the spring of life. Some people have only been left with inerasable internal injuries. "
 Li Hao sighed."It's a small matter. For us, it's worth it even if we have to sacrifice our lives for the general's recovery!"
 “……”
 It became quiet.
 At this moment, general Huai didn't say anything, and the old turtle also disappeared. It had nothing to do with me.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The white-haired old man was silent for a moment and nodded slightly.""This old man can understand the difficulties ..."
 "I'm fine, I'm really fine!"
 Li Hao shook his head and said,"it's what I should do!" General, you don't have to be so polite! The Imperial Palace's guard said that if I let it absorb the Golden hou tree, it will provide me with 20000 drops of spring of life. I thought about it ... How can I do that?"
 Li Hao frowned and said,"if it condenses one drop, it'll only be 300 cultivation-aiding energy stones. If it condenses 20000 drops, it'll only be 6 million pieces. That's the current 60 million divine energy stones. However, if it needs 100 million to revive general Huai ... Wouldn't it be a loss?"
 Li Hao laughed."Besides, I'm the commander of heaven battling city. I'm not the commander of Imperial!"
 “……”
 General Huai was silent for a moment before he slowly said,""I've just recovered, so ... I can't really follow my heart ..."
 ? Li Hao nodded."That's true. It's understandable. General, you should rest more!"
 Was it about resting?
 General Huai thought to himself.
 Li Hao continued,"I'll go back and kill a few more undying demon plants to nourish your body. They're all bad guys. Don't think too much about it, general." As for the danger...It's nothing. General doesn't need to give me the undying source, that would be too harmful to general!"
 “……”
 Did I say anything about this?
 Did I say that?
 Li Hao continued,"but we're too easily injured. We still need some spring water of life so that we can recover more easily. Continue collecting these for the general. I heard from the Imperial Palace guards that the stronger senior monster plant is, the faster he can convert the spring water of life, and the less energy it will consume."
  "It costs 300 pieces for one drop. I heard that at your level, 100 pieces would be enough ... I still have a few million pieces on hand. I have more than 3 million. General, please help me convert it into 30000 drops of the spring of life. When I get out, I'll gather experts from all over again to join forces and kill the enemy!"
 “……”
 It was deathly silent.
 After a long time, general Huai slowly said," 100 yuan for a drop ... You ... You heard it from the Imperial Palace's guards?"
 "Yeah!"
 General Huai was silent for a while before he slowly said,""Is it the little guy who came last time?"
 "Yes."
 "It's still at the Imperial Palace?"
 "Yes,"
 "Tell it later that when the world can accommodate us, I will go and see it."

 “……”
 "Cough!" Li Hao coughed dryly."Then ... Then I'll pass on the message when I get there."
 General Huai was also helpless. After a while, he said,"Give me the energy stones. The consumption isn't that low. If it was in the past, you could have as many as you want, but now ... My body is dried up. I really have no choice. You provide me with three million energy stones, and I'll provide you with ten thousand drops of the spring of life. It will take three days."
 Times were different now. It was almost starving to death, so how could it have energy to compensate Li Hao?
 However, the energy passed through the body. Although there was no profit to speak of, it could at least nourish the dry tree trunk, which could be considered to be recovered.
 Li Hao cursed in his heart. Isn't this the same as little tree?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com However, the speed was much faster.
 He could gather 10000 drops in three days!
 If it was the small tree, it could not convert so much in three days. It would be about 30 days, unless the small tree converted without caring about the consumption. However, in that case, the consumption would be too great, more than three times the consumption.
 As expected, the strong were more powerful, and the transformation was faster.
  Li Hao poured out a large number of divine power stones, not afraid that the other party would take them for himself.
 He still had more than 30 million divine power stones on hand. He would leave some for the small sword to eat. Although the starry sky sword was not very willing to eat these things recently, it was better than nothing.
 General Huai waved his hand and all the divine power stones disappeared.
 Seeing that Li Hao was still looking at him, he felt a little helpless.
 A man is poor and his ambition is short, so is a tree.
 After some consideration, he sighed. In an instant, a crystal-clear Branch fell off from the huge tree.
 "This is the core of the tree formed from the core essence of my body ..."
 "It's just a normal branch!"
 The old turtle's voice could be vaguely heard in the city.
 General Huai looked into the city and then at Li Hao. Li Hao coughed and said,""I don't mind!"
 “……”
 "It's a normal branch, but ... It's different!"General Huai said helplessly. This item isn't of much use, but if you wear it, as long as it's not higher level than me, it'll have a deterrent effect on normal monster plants. The natural difference in level will suppress their strength. "
 "It's not even as strong as your dog's bloodline power!"
 A voice came from the distance again.
 Li Hao looked at general Huai innocently."I didn't say anything. It's all that person's words."
 General Huai even wanted to kill the one in the city!
 "That's fine. This thing can also nourish your body ..."
 "Then it would be better to give 100 more drops of the spring of life."
 General Huai was furious!
 "Come out!"
 Inside the city, on top of the turtle Tower, the old turtle looked out of the city and didn't bother to pay attention.
 The reason why it said this was that the old tree was too stingy, and it couldn't stand it anymore.
 How could he be so stingy?
 The person who threw down heaven battling city!
 ……
 Outside the city, the old tree was silent for a long time.
 I just recovered, what do you want me to give you?
 Give, my ass!
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He accepted the branch with a smile and said,""General, you don't have to worry about this. We don't want anything in return. We did this willingly!"
 General Huai was also helpless. Don't you want to repay me?
 Then what are you talking about and why are you looking at me?
 What did he mean by that look of anticipation?
 After thinking for a long time, he seemed to have thought of something and said,""You're not a teacher yet, are you? "Now, the world has changed. The Lord of Heaven battling city and the commander of heaven battling Army are not in the city. In the city, old turtle and I can make some decisions on their behalf ... According to the wartime regulations, you will be promoted to the 11th Division commander of the combat preparation and defense Army! As long as I agree and stamp the seal of the black turtle, you can take the position of division commander. You can go to the military supplies Department to get 10000 sets of heaven-battling armor, and you will be granted the right to make arbitrary decisions. You will be equipped with 10 silver armor and 100 copper armor. During the preparation for war, the assessment will be carried out in the future ..."
 Li Hao opened his mouth. In the city, old tortoise's voice came,""Is this ... Appropriate?"
 "Why not?" general Huai asked lightly. Isn't it a great achievement for heaven battling city that he has revived me?"
  The old turtle was speechless!  How did I end up being the one who fell for it?
 It wasn't a big deal, but ... It would be a little troublesome.
 "Guard," the ninth Division commander said coldly at the city gate."It's not impossible for Li Hao to be promoted to the commander of the 11th Division. If something happens to the commander of the division, guard will have to bear the responsibility!"
 It was nothing to be a division commander, and it was nothing to be black-armored, but giving Li Hao silver armor, which was the right to appoint a Regiment commander, was very troublesome.
 "I'll take responsibility!"General Huai said with a smile.
 "If there's a Guardian, then I have no objections!"
 "I don't have any objections either ..."
 Director Wang said. General Huai smiled, "It's useless even if you have an opinion. The security Department can't manage the military. "
 “……”
 Director Wang was speechless.
 As for Li Hao, he lowered his head and swallowed. Not bad!
 10,000 sets of armor, 10 sets of silver armor, 100 sets of copper armor ... Hmm, not bad, I can have them!
 He also knew that the old tree was poor, but he didn't expect that there would be an unexpected surprise in the end.
 "Many thanks, Lord Protector!"
 General Huai didn't say much."Go to the Army. Also, come and find me in three days!"
 With that, the figure disappeared.
 As for Li Hao, he instantly ran back.
 On the city wall, the ninth Division commander disappeared in an instant. The old turtle was speechless, and director Wang was depressed. Li Hao had really become a division commander.
 On the city wall, the three guild leaders were also looking at each other with envy.
 "Don't worry!" A guild leader quickly sent a voice transmission."He came through the back door ... Don't worry about it!"
 The remaining two people looked at the ninth leader who was speaking. What are you saying?
 Even if he got in through the back door and became a teacher, you still had to acknowledge him.
 More importantly, he had really been promoted!
 Although the 11th Division did not exist and was still an empty shell ... They were still teachers in name.
 At this moment, Li Hao instantly appeared in his golden armor and teleported over. He looked at the three Regiment commanders and said with a smile,""Three guild leaders, I'll be going to the military camp ..."
 "Greetings, division commander li!"
 As the three of them bowed, the thousands of Black Phoenix also bowed.
 Li Hao laughed and disappeared. A moment later, he came back."I forgot to tell you. Let's have a drink later ..."
 "Good day, commander!"
 Everyone saluted again.
 "You're welcome, you're welcome," Li Hao said modestly."You're welcome!"
 With that, he disappeared again.
 The three leaders were speechless.
 The next moment, Li Hao reappeared. The three of them almost went crazy.
  "Good day, commander!"
 "You're welcome. I remember now. Thank you for the advice you gave me, seventh leader. Let's talk later!"
 The three of them watched him leave and looked at each other in dismay. After a long while, they all hung their heads in dejection.
 He might have heard the voice transmission.
 This guy is deliberately tormenting us!
 At this moment, in the military camp, the ninth Division commander was speechless. After a long time, he said to a red-armored soldier beside him,""If he comes again, get him out!"
 "Yes!"
 With a loud bang, the main gate of the headquarters of the ninth Division was closed. He couldn't be bothered to look at Li Hao's arrogant appearance. Out of sight, out of mind.
 Li Hao obviously didn't care. He went straight to the supply area.
 It was a pity that he didn't become the director of the military supplies Department. Otherwise, he would have to discipline the Deputy Director who had been ignoring him.

 Military supplies Department.
 Li Hao was here again.
 Zhang Liang had already heard general Huai's voice. At this moment, he was a little depressed.
 He had become a teacher.
 General rank.
 It was great to have someone behind him. Look, even if the Army commander, the regimental commander, and the city Lord were gone, they would still be promoted.
 "It's coming ..."
 Zhang Liang was weak, as if he had already knocked over a jar of vinegar.
 "Good day, Deputy Director Zhang!"
 “……”
  Zhang Liang, who used to like reminding Li Hao, was very depressed at this moment. You really called him Vice Director!
 This person, ah, once he gained power, he was just different.
 What a vile person!
 Bah!
 Zhang Liang cursed in his heart. The next moment, Li Hao laughed and said,""Deputy Director Zhang, I'll talk to general Huai about this. The military supplies director is gone, but someone has to take over, right?"
 "Good day, commander!"
 Zhang Liang quickly stood at attention and became alert,"division commander, if there's anything you need, Zhang Liang will be at your service!"
 “……”
 Li Hao chuckled.
 This was an official fan.
 I'm not.
 I just want some benefits. I don't care about the name. This person is a real big official fan. He'll only be happy if he gets promoted.
 Li Hao was overjoyed, and his mood became even better.
 " 10000 sets of armor!"
 He had asked for 5000 before, so it was reasonable to say that 5000 would be enough.
 But ... Who said he was going to forget about the previous one?
 Li Hao sighed,"the newly formed 11th Division is poor!" Deputy Director Zhang, I'm counting on your help. Since general Huai is awake and there's time, I'll talk to him more. It's not difficult to use the wartime special regulations, right?"
 " 10000 sets of armor, is it?" Zhang Liang quickly asked. No problem! The reserve guards have spare armor, but they haven't been used for many years. Everyone is dead, so they don't need it anymore. I'll go get it for you. Besides armor, do you need anything else?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao laughed,"what are the other divisions equipped with?."
 "Do you want the energy cannon?"
 "What?"
 "It's ... It's the kind that can open fire to attack a city ..."
 Energy cannon?
 Wasn't that a city-destroying bomb?
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat."Yes? how many?"
 "A regular division will be equipped with a small energy company, with a total of 10 cannons and 1000 rounds of ammunition."
 Li Hao's eyes shone, only ten? This is a new division, there's no sign of it being scrapped?"
  “……”  It's just that Zhang Liang doesn't have any teeth, otherwise he would be dying from a toothache right now. You actually learned this term?
 "Yes ... Then ... Then, should I give the division commander 12 guns and 1200 rounds of ammunition?"
 "Well, director Zhang is indeed a good person!"
 Zhang Liang was also speechless. However, this was still within the rules, and it did not count as him opening the back door for Li Hao.
 "Other than these, what else is there in a proper division?"
 Zhang Liang quickly said,"under normal circumstances, besides the armor and the energy cannon, a new editor's role also depends on their capabilities." But now, there are many things in the city that can't be activated. There are some things that we don't have in the warehouse, so I'll just say there are. "
 He quickly counted and said,""The new division will be equipped with 10 radiation towers, which can expand the communication range by 10 times, 10 times that of a thousand li, not 3000 li ... Which means that the communication range under the radiation tower can reach 10000 li, and each division can be equipped with one."
 Radiation tower!
 Li Hao hurriedly nodded.
 " 10 inner Qiankun military tents. They can be expanded and expanded instantly to accommodate a team of 1000 people. They have extremely strong defensive capabilities and are suitable for battle and rest in various environments. When not in use, they can be transformed into squares to accommodate some military supplies."
 Li Hao's eyes lit up, how's the defense?
 "It's effective for those below the absolute peak!"
 Li Hao's eyes lit up.
 So awesome?
 Oh my God, so this is a proper division, so I was really just a passerby before?
 He didn't get anything.
 "What else?"
 "One aerial combat spaceship, one naval patrol ship, One Earth-drilling shuttle ..."
 "How's the effect?"Li Hao swallowed.
 "It's specially equipped, so of course it's extraordinary. Air combat spaceships are most suitable for air combat. When used in air combat, it can even Enter the Void and engage in void combat. The Naval battle cruisers had the effect of driving away and suppressing sea demons. They were built with the blood essence of demon experts. The earth-drilling shuttle can travel a thousand miles in an instant, but it requires a large amount of energy stones every time it's activated ... It's equipped to chase after and kill paragons!"
 Li Hao continued to swallow.
 "In addition, there's also the sky-covering shield. It can cover the void, block void attacks, and defend against attacks from Masters above the Paragon level!" It's equipped with a space-sealing chain that can seal the void within a radius of 1000 meters, preventing those above the peak from escaping ..."
 Li Hao was dumbfounded.
 Everything here was prepared for the summit and above, which meant that the heaven battling Army's goal was the summit.
 Oh my God!
 Such a powerful Army, with tens of millions of people, was gone.
  If this was the land of Silver Moon, then what about the origin world?
 Would the ancient civilization really be destroyed?
 He couldn't believe it!
 A division could definitely suppress any peak, even undying. From the start to the end, they had prepared all sorts of war machines to deal with those at the peak.
 It was too terrifying!
 "All of these?" he asked.
 ,m "Both!"  Zhang Liang nodded. Soon, he said with some difficulty,"These ... Can be given to the division commander, but ... There's no energy!"
 "What do you mean?"
 "These weapons consume a large amount of energy. Ever since the connection to Heavenly Star Town was cut off, the energy in the city was exhausted. Only a few cultivation-aiding energy stones were left behind. Very, very little ... It's impossible to provide enough energy for the teachers to use."

 "A great consumption?"
 "Very big!"
 Zhang Liang was extremely cooperative now."According to the standard of your era, any weapon will require at least 100000 divine power stones to be used. At least! If you want to continue, you have to invest more. "
 Li Hao opened his mouth and suddenly became anxious.
 I'll go!
 I only have about 30 million divine power stones. I've given almost all of them to general Huai. I only have a few million left.
 Was the divine power Stone that useful?
 "Then ... Then without energy stones, wouldn't it be useless?"
 "Almost ... Not completely. That ... For example, the military tent, it's still ... It's still usable, but its defensive power is not as good as before ..."
 Isn't that nonsense?
  Li Hao wanted to vomit blood. They were money-eating monsters. If the heaven battling Army fought a battle with all their might, how much would they consume?
 No wonder the heaven battling Army's strength had greatly declined after its energy was exhausted.
 Li Hao's heart ached, but he still wanted these things, not a little less.
 "Is there anything else?"
 "No,"
 Zhang Liang shook his head."These are all the necessary components. There were some others in the past, but there are no more reserves in the warehouse now. I've given you everything I can."
 Alright!
 Li Hao felt very regretful. Although they needed money, they were all treasures.
 "Then ... In the past, what were they equipped with?" he could not help but ask.
 There were already so many of them, was there anything else?
 "A temporary fixed transmission channel, an emergency space-breaking spell, a restriction-breaking divine needle ... These are all the equipment for the frontline Army."
 There was no need to explain!
 Even Li Hao knew what it was. He was really envious.
 Zhang Liang continued,"this is the deployment of the frontline Army. The true core army will also be equipped with other treasures. For example, the world-suppressing divine weapon. Under the control of the Army, it can even erupt with the combat power of a Saint or even above ... In the past, the first Army of the heaven battling Army was equipped with one. Our reserve guards don't have one."
 Okay.
 Li Hao was already numb!
 It could only be said that the rich were willful.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao added,"by the way, I've completed a mission. I got 10000 military credits. What do you think I should exchange them for?"
 Sky-piercing Sword Art?
 Yuan Ping martial arts university had them too, but Li Hao was not qualified to exchange for them. He exchanged for Yuan Ping's Chronicles. He was not qualified to exchange for the other core secret techniques, but he seemed to be able to exchange for them in the military.
 Was there anything else besides this?
 Zhang Liang was the boss of the military supplies Department. Although he wasn't the boss in name, in reality, he was. He should know more than him.
 " 10000 military points?"
  This time, Zhang Liang was different from the last time. He didn't directly throw a booklet at Li Hao. This time, Li Hao was the boss. He was still counting on Li Hao to fight for the position of director of the supply department.  He thought hard, and his memory came back.
 After thinking for a long time, he opened his mouth and said,"I'll give you three choices. All of them are suitable for you. The first one is the sky-piercing Sword Art. If you want to use a sword, it's definitely a good choice!"
 "Second, war puppets. This isn't a normal setup, it's a special one. It can hold 1000 people, and with their blood and Qi flowing through, they can activate the war puppets in an instant. The power they can unleash depends on the soldier's strength. At their strongest, they can even unleash undying battle strength ... Of course, the soldier has to be strong, at least 1000 ninth level!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. Over a thousand ninth-grade cultivators, which were six elements?
 Over 1,000 six element undyings, killing an undying ...
 Forget it. Li Hao shook his head. It was very tempting, but where could he get so many six-element creatures?
 And, last time, they had all killed undyings.
 Of course, what the other party said was definitely the complete version, the one with peak combat power, and not the incomplete version like big tree. Moreover, on Li Hao's side, be it little tree, Li Hao, or director Zhou, they were all much stronger than rank-9s. They were different.
 "The third ..."
 He glanced at Li Hao and suddenly stopped talking.
 Li Hao was stunned. Tell me!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Director Zhang?"
 And the third?
 "That ... Will the division commander really talk to general Huai about it?" Zhang Liang's voice fluctuated.
 "Of course!"
 "You're not lying to me?"
 "Definitely!"
 Zhang Liang was silent for a moment."Then, the division commander will swear on the honor of the Li family. He will definitely tell them!"
 "Is my reputation that bad?" Li Hao rolled his eyes.
 "That ... I'm not sure."
 Li Hao was speechless. He could only say,"the third place is very important?"
 "En!"
  "I swear on the Li family's honor that I will definitely talk to general Huai about promoting Division Chief Zhang Liang, but I can't guarantee that I will succeed!" Li Hao said after some thought.
 "Alright!"
 Zhang Liang nodded. That was fine. As for whether it would succeed or not, it didn't matter. The point was that no one said that general Huai and the others didn't remember him. That was why he felt wronged.
 "Third, I suggest that if the previous two masters are not satisfied ... We can change to another weapon forging furnace."
 "What?"
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment. Zhang Liang explained,""Where do you think the armor of the heaven-battling Army's million soldiers, repair armor, and reserve armor came from? Heaven battling city has a military system and a weapon manufacturing factory. This isn't a top-tier armor, so it doesn't need to be built individually. It's an assembly line product that's mass-produced. "
 "The weapon forging furnace was distributed by the weapons Department. In the past, it was in charge of a venerable sovereign. Heaven battling city has a weapon forging factory with a total of 100 weapon forging furnaces. They are all built in one place and can mass-produce armor. One of them can even produce 100 sets of armor a day, and at its peak, it can even produce 10000 sets of armor a day!"
 Li Hao was dumbfounded!
 Assembly line manufacturing?
 Zhang Liang continued,"actually, this thing can't be exchanged. It's all managed by a unified system. However, this thing also needs energy stones and materials. In the later stages of heaven battling city, there was a shortage of resources. In order to encourage people to overcome the difficulties by themselves, the authority was opened up to some division commanders and army commanders to exchange for it. When they go out to ask for help or go on a battle, they can replace the damaged armor in time."

 "Currently, you can still exchange for it. Your authority has not been taken back."
 Li Hao's eyes lit up."Then ... Cause trouble?" he asked.
 "It's not troublesome at all. It's just like an idiot's operation. The only problem is that it requires materials."
 "What material?"
 Zhang Liang thought for a moment and said,"it's just some regular ores, gold, silver, copper, and iron ... If you don't have any of them, you can smelt old armor. Didn't you give me some armor from other armies before?" In fact, they were all sent back to the furnace to be remade ..."
 "The key to the armor is the operating system," Li Hao said hurriedly."It's manufactured. Is it automatically equipped?"
 "Yes, it's a one-piece operation. Just connect to the heaven-battling Army system."
 "The division commander is a new division," he said."Now, your golden Vatican has opened up more authority. The division commander just needs to study it carefully. You can access it through this opening."
 Li Hao hurriedly nodded.
 Originally, he wanted to exchange it for the sky-piercing sword manual, but now that he thought about it, he might as well exchange it for this?
  He could make 100 of them every day...Of course, he had to have enough materials.
 But ... I'm not lacking!
 How could he be lacking?
 I heard that there are tens of thousands of black armored soldiers in the imperial family. Yes, they're all mine. I'll just melt them down and reforge them. I can't waste them. It'll also save me the trouble of coming here every time to change.
 Of course, 100 was still too little.
 It'll be better if you can make 1000 sets a day. After I defeat the black armored Army, I'll immediately make 10000 sets.
 The key was that Li Hao also needed such things, and he couldn't always rely on the heaven battling Army to provide them. It would be even better if he could research them and replicate them.
 The key to the Army was to control the military factory.
 "Then let's change to this!"
 "I knew that the commander would choose this!"
 Zhang Liang wasn't surprised. This thing was indeed useful.
 "Then I'll go and retrieve these things for master now. Master, don't forget ..."
 Li Hao rolled his eyes.
 "I remember!"
 Zhang Liang entered the warehouse. This time, it took him quite some time. When he reappeared, he gave Li Hao more than one storage ring.
 It was filled with armors and all sorts of military supplies.
 Li Hao swallowed his saliva. He had really struck it rich this time.
 He did not expect that a true teacher would enjoy such treatment.
 The previous guild leader was too fake.
 There was nothing!
 Other than giving himself a set of armor, he did not even pay his salary.
 Previously, he had thought that the old tree had only given him a title, but now it seemed ... It was worth it. Wasn't it comparable to a few hundred or a thousand drops of the spring of life?
 A treasure that couldn't be bought with money!  Li Hao was overjoyed. He didn't stay any longer. After saying a few more words to Zhang Liang that he would definitely mention it, he left in satisfaction.
 ……
 The giant tree needed three days to complete the transformation.
 Li Hao didn't plan to stay here for three days.
 His time was very precious now.
 Li Hao didn't greet director Wang and the others. When he left the city, he saw that the tree was transforming into a crystal clear one."General, the supply division's Deputy Director Zhang Liang has been acting as the director, but the regimental commander and the city Lord aren't around, so no one has been able to make him a regular officer ... I hope you can help me make him a regular officer, general."
 “……”
 The big tree appeared as a Phantom and looked at Li Hao.
 You're addicted, aren't you?
 You're here to ask for an official position for someone else?
 As a guard, he usually wouldn't participate in this kind of thing, unless it was an emergency. Zhang Liang's situation wasn't considered an emergency.
 Just as general Huai was about to refuse, Li Hao coughed and said,""General, I heard that there are still 36 general monster plants in the city that have not been revived yet. They need a large amount of energy. Although the general has been revived, it's just barely. I'll try my best to get more treasures for the general to recover ..."
 General Huai was silent.
 This kid!
 This is getting interesting!
 He smiled and nodded."I'll tell the old turtle. It's a small matter."
 "Many thanks, general!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was elated. Look, I've settled it for you, right?
 After saying that, Li Hao asked curiously," 36 auxiliary generals ... Why haven't I seen them?"
 General Huai sighed."They're almost dead. In order to save my life, they gave up on absorbing energy. At the last moment, I put them into my origin sea. As long as my origin is not destroyed, they're still alive. However ... If I die, they'll all die."
 Li Hao was filled with respect. In order for this person to survive, the 36 monster plants had given up their own hope of survival. This was still worthy of respect.
 "I'll try my best to revive them!"
  After Li Hao finished speaking, he asked curiously,"then ... What's General's strength?" Where are the auxiliary generals?"
 "Me?"
 The old tree laughed."It's not worth mentioning. The Guardian monster plants of the eight main cities are all in the Saint realm and support generals. There are strong and weak ones. The weak ones are only at the peak, while the stronger ones are at the undying realm."
 Li Hao frowned slightly, then the ten from Heavenly Star Town are all undying ...
 Were the main cities not as powerful as the other side?
 There was actually a Paragon level one.
 As for the fact that the old tree was in the Saint realm, it was not worth making a fuss about.
 General Huai smiled."It's normal. There's more energy there, so we can improve faster. Also ... The monster plants there ... Are a little ... A little wild ..."
 Li Hao didn't understand.
 General Huai had to be more direct. "They're from the wilderness. They're not weak, but they're lacking something. On our side, almost all of them are from the Orthodox lineage, and some of them are even from the same family. For example, here, we have 36 auxiliary generals, all from the locust tree branch. They fight together, guard together, and set up restrictions ... Our cooperation is even better. "However, because of their simple origins, there are strong and weak ones. A family can't produce too many strong people ..."

 Monster plants also had families!
 Even Li Hao was stunned!
 The locust tree seemed to know what he was thinking and smiled."Demonic beasts have families and bloodline inheritances, so why don't demonic plants have one? There are a few big families in the monster plant family, similar to the demon guardians and the sea guardians. The first one is the one from the Imperial Palace. The fact that the Imperial Palace's guards were able to become guards and gain sentience is largely related to that person. "
 Li Hao nodded. He knew this. He had seen it before. In little tree's memory, a wretched old man had given a cat to little tree's father to eat.
 "The second one is the first tree in the world. If it wasn't for the one from the Imperial Palace ... He would definitely be ranked after this one."
 The first tree in the world!
 This was awesome!
 "The third one will be our branch," Huai Shu said.
 General Huai laughed."The forefather of our line is a companion of an ultimate powerhouse. In the neo martial era, chaos was restored and order was forsaken for the light. We were loyal to the human King, so we can be considered to be the first monster plant line to be loyal to the human King in the neo martial era."
 Li Hao understood.
  Feelings also had a big background.
 No wonder he was so proud!
 He could not help but ask,"then, does my li clan's ancient city have monster plants?"
 Where was the Li family's ancient city?
 He still didn't know.
 Of the eight major cities, where was the Li family's city?
 General Huai was slightly startled. After a long while, he said,"I guess so ... I wonder if it's still there?"
 What did he mean?
 He's dead?
 General Huai coughed lightly. Li Hao finally realized that the other party did not seem to be communicating with him through spiritual power. Instead, he spoke directly, which was different from other monster plants.
 "The Li family ... Is the territory of the revered sword. We don't usually go there. We know that there is a sword tree there, but we don't communicate much with the other families. The revered sword ... Is a little ..."
 What and what?
 "Sword wood?" Li Hao was extremely curious.
 "Yes, sword wood. It's just that ... He's a loner and doesn't really interact with us. I'm not sure if he left with the sword Saint at the last moment, or if he stayed behind, or if he's already dead."
 Alright, a tree with an unsociable character.
 It sounded really awkward.
 "Then ... Can I go to the Li clan's ancient city?" Li Hao asked.
 "It's hard to find. "  General Huai said directly,"it's not that we're deliberately hiding it and want you to provide resources for heaven battling city. It's just that the Li family's ancient city was the core of the eight cities in the past. After the World changed drastically, the Li family's ancient city is likely to be near the Stargate. If that's the case, it's almost impossible to find it now. After the second revival, it might be possible to find it, because the ancient city might have entered a broken space ..."
 Li Hao's heart moved."You mean, the space that the summit entered after shattering the space?" he asked.
 "Yes,"
 Alright!
 Li Hao was helpless.
 Of course, that was only a guess. Li Hao fantasized that he might be able to become a Castellan after entering the ancient city.
 Just as he was thinking, the locust tree coughed and reminded him,""That ... You better not go to the Li clan's ancient city."
 "Why?"
 "If there are still living people in the Li family's ancient city ... You might be captured, locked up, and beaten up every day if you go!" General Huai sighed.
 “……”
 Li Hao was stunned. What the hell?
 "You're too weak, and the things you're cultivating are a mess. The Li family is focused on cultivating the sword. If you go, they'll think that you've forgotten your ancestors. It's normal for them to be forced to practice the sword until they die."
 Was it that scary?
 Li Hao was speechless. Although he didn't believe everything, he still felt a little scared after thinking about it. Forget it, I won't look for him for now.
 "Oh right, general, I've obtained the Hong family's hammer. I might know their inheritance ground. Can I bring the hammer to open it?"
 "It's best not to do it now!"
 General Huai didn't know about this, but he quickly said,""Opening the inheritance ground might cause some changes in the world. The inheritance ground will crazily absorb energy and lead to the big star Mine. The mine vein will explode and instantly trigger a second recovery! At this stage, I've only just recovered. Once I start my second recovery ahead of time, the Silver Moon will find it difficult to resist the rebel forces, plant monsters, and beasts that rebel from all directions ..."
  Li Hao's expression changed slightly, is that so? Now that I have an enemy who also has a divine weapon from the eight great families, once he opens the inheritance ground, won't it cause the second awakening to come early?"
 Ying Hongyue!
 "Right!"
 "Of course, the premise is that he can use these divine weapons." Moreover, he found the land of inheritance, so he can do that. "
 Ying Hongyue could use a divine weapon, but it was hard to say if she could find it or not.
 Li Hao currently only knew where the Hong family's inheritance was, and the Hong family's hammer was in his hands. Didn't Ying Hongyue discover that stone door earlier?
 He still discovered it, but he felt that the second recovery would not be good for him.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com After all, it was not beneficial for modern people to bring forward the second recovery. They were too weak, and the second recovery would not allow them to improve quickly. On the contrary, everyone had reached a bottleneck, and the second recovery was just the right time.
 Li Hao felt a little anxious as he thought this. He didn't want to have a second recovery now. He had to stop Ying Hongyue.
 Having asked all the questions he needed to, Li Hao didn't waste any time.""Then take your time, general. I'll come back in two days."

 After saying goodbye to Huai Shu, Li Hao quickly left.
 Seeing him leave, general Huai heaved a sigh of relief. This little guy was quite difficult to deal with.
 At this moment, The Phantom of the old turtle appeared with a smile.""How is it?"
 "What?"
 "What do you think of this person?"
 "It's hard to say,"
 "Do you also want to open the Stargate and leave this place?" general Huai asked softly.
 "I don't really care if everyone has the same thoughts."
 "You probably want to leave too, don't you?" the old turtle smiled.
 "The vicinity of the Stargate might not be safe!"
  "It's a very dangerous thing. We'll see how it goes,"general Huai said softly.
 The old turtle nodded slightly and didn't say anything else.
 Whether they could open a Stargate or not, they might really have to count on Li Hao.
 The old turtle thought for a moment and said,"if the second revival is activated, those messy things will probably want to devour you and me. You haven't recovered much yet. Can you withstand it?"
 "You want to devour us?"
 General Huai suddenly sneered,"if we're really forced into a corner, we'll blow up heaven battling city and bury them all!" The eight cities will explode and the entire land of Silver Moon will sink. Let's die together!"
 Old tortoise sighed."Eight cities?" he asked."Are they all willing?"
 General Huai looked at it.
 "The communication between the eight cities was cut off, and Heavenly Star Town was suddenly attacked, causing a large number of experts to fall. Were the eight cities really fine? You have to know that the eight main cities are a large array, the heaven suppressing Eight Trigrams heaven suppressing array! How could he have cut off the connection so easily? How could he easily lose control of heaven and earth? If a problem had occurred in one of the cities and the formation was cut off, then that would make sense. "
 "Heavenly Star Town has 100000 troops. Who can easily suppress and destroy it if it's not a main city?"
 "What do you think, old Huai?"
 General Huai became silent. After a long time, he shook his head."I don't want to suspect that any city, any clan, or the eight great clans are all clans personally appointed by the human King to hold the fort! I don't understand. Who would betray you? Li, Zhang, Zhao, Liu, Wang, Hong, Zhou, Zheng, who do you think would betray us other than the Wang and Li families?"
 The big turtle also shook its head."It's hard to say. I can't say. I don't dare to say."
 The eight great families were the true descendants of the human ruler, and they were all inextricably linked with some venerable sovereigns. If he said it, it would only mean that he suspected the venerable sovereigns behind them.
 However, there were some things that everyone had thought about.
 Who could instantly draw out the energy of the entire world?
 Who could cut off the connection with the origin?
 Who could break the eight trigrams heaven suppression formation in an instant?
 Other than the eight major cities, who else could do this?  The formation of the eight main cities was personally laid down by a top expert. Only by breaking through from the inside and cutting off the connection between the cities could it be broken.
 The locust tree was not willing to think about it, and it was not willing to either.
 But ... There were some things that he had to think about.
 He didn't know about the situation in Heavenly Star Town before, but now he did. The chaos source had appeared, which meant that a large number of experts had been killed in an instant. The defense of Heavenly Star Town wouldn't be so lax, unless ... The eight major cities led their troops over, and someone directly entered the city in the name of assistance and broke through the city in an instant!
 However, it was impossible for the new martial Army to all choose to rebel, right?
 In that era, the human King and the others were still around, and they had not cut off contact. Who would be so crazy?
 Even if they were crazy, the people below wouldn't go crazy with them.
 The old turtle couldn't figure it out even if he wanted to run!
 "Maybe ... Someone is suspicious of us," he suddenly said after a long time.
 "How could that be? heaven battling city was named by that person himself." General Huai was stunned.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The blood Emperor had personally given it the word "heaven battling." Even if the Li family rebelled, the Wang family would not ... Of course, this could not be said. Sword Emperor would kill it with one sword.
 The old turtle laughed."That's normal. The one who accompanied your ancestor ... Is always suspicious."
 F * ck!
 The old tree cursed in his heart. That was so many years ago, and he was still talking about this?
 But ... That was right.
 Its ancestor was the monster plant companion of that person. In the new martial era, that person was also famous for being a fence-sitter, a shameless existence who would fall on whichever side was stronger. In the end, he survived. Although his strength was extremely strong and no one dared to mention it anymore, his reputation was indeed very bad.
 "This is the Wang family's city, not that person 's. What does it have to do with me?"
 General Huai didn't want to say anything more.
  The old turtle also laughed,"I'm just afraid of being misunderstood. Forget it. Let them be!" As long as you know what's going on, there's no need to mention it. "
 "Do I need to tell that little guy?"
 This was to prevent this fellow from running around randomly. If he really ran into a main city, it would be bad if something happened.
 The old turtle thought for a while and said,"there's no need. The other party might not do anything to him. Even if he's still here, does he want to be trapped here for the rest of his life?" If the Stargate didn't open, everything would be illusory! Li Hao, the first choice to open the Stargate ... As for the Ying Hongyue he mentioned, this person ... Might be the one behind the rebellion back then. However, Ying Hongyue isn't a member of the Li family after all. The Li family is the first choice to open the Stargate, so they're more or less the same as the alternative. "
 "How do you know that he's not a Li family member?"
 "Can't the Li family have two successors?"general Huai asked.
 Old turtle smiled."The starry sky sword is with Li Hao. Even if it's true, it doesn't matter. The starry sky sword is the core. However ... There's also the possibility of what you've said."
 The tree and the turtle started to chat.
 They had been silent for too long, and there were many things they wanted to say.
 As for director Wang, old tortoise couldn't be bothered to chat with him. That guy talked about nothing serious.

 ……
 At the same time.
 Li Hao walked out of the remains and was suddenly stunned. He looked at a person in the distance. Director Zhao was also surprised. It really was Li Hao!
 In an instant, Li Hao appeared.
 He looked at director Zhao in surprise,"why is director Zhao here?"
 "General Huai has recovered?"
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
 Director Zhao sighed."There was a huge commotion. Perhaps some ancient civilization powerhouses sensed it."
 "Yes, it's resurrected. Can they sense it?"
 "Yes, I can."
  Chief Zhao nodded, but he was a little confused.""You ... How did you do that?"
 "Spend money!"
 Nonsense!
 I know you're spending money, but the point is, where did you get so much money?
 "General Huai ... Has he really just recovered, or ... Or ... Has he already recovered?" he asked hesitantly.
 "What?"
 Director Zhao coughed."It's nothing. He probably just recovered. After all, it caused quite a commotion."
 Li Hao frowned slightly. This was interesting.
 Did he mean that he suspected that general Huai had already recovered?
 What did that mean?
 He felt that director Zhao was acting a little weird, but he didn't dare to say anything. Some things were just people's suspicions and not the truth. If he said anything, it would cause big trouble.
 Seeing that he had been waiting, Li Hao was a little depressed.""Director, what are you trying to say? what do you know?"
 Director Zhao coughed."Nothing much, it's just that ... We can't put all our eggs in one basket. Next time, when we have enough resources, we can consider reviving other powerhouses. Do you understand what I mean?"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows."Is it a main city or a small city? or is it an individual relic expert?"
 "The main city!"
 "Which one?"
 “……”
 "Zhao family." Director Zhao was silent for a while.
 Li family's sword, Zhang family's saber, Zhao family's fist ...
 According to their ranking, the Zhao family was ranked third.
 Li Hao looked at him. Did this mean that he had found the Zhao family's ancient city?
 The descendant of the Zhao family?
 The eight great families "descendants?
 Li Hao frowned and looked at director Zhao. After a long time, he said,""Didn't all the descendants of the Eight Families die except for me?"
 Director Zhao sighed."It's impossible to stay in the Silver City for tens of thousands of years. There will always be some branches moving. But in this era, it's no longer clear whether the branch is the main branch."
 It had been too long!
 In fact, there was no difference between a branch and a main branch. He was obviously saying that he was a branch of the Zhao family.
 "Then does Ying Hongyue know that director Zhao is from the Zhao family?" Li Hao asked with a frown.
 "I don't know. His target is the Eight Families of the Silver City. It's impossible for them to spread throughout the dynasty. If he really wanted to do that, he would have killed everyone already ..."
 "Then does director know that Ying Hongyue is slaughtering the people of the eight great families?"
 "I don't know,"
 Director Zhao shook his head."There's no need to hide anything. To be honest, I didn't even know that the eight great families still existed ... I only found out a bit later. But I didn't expect that the eight great families would all be in Silver City."
 The Silver City was a small place that had long been forgotten.
 If Li Hao and Ying Hongyue hadn't caused trouble there, who would have paid attention to them?
  Li Hao frowned."The song in the silver Blizzard city has been passed down for countless years. No one knows about it?"  "Other than the people of the silver Blizzard city, who else would know about this?"
 Director Zhao smiled bitterly,"so ... There's a 99% chance that Ying Hongyue is from the silver Blizzard city!" And it's the local kind. Otherwise, who would know about this?"
 Hearing this, Li Hao thought for a moment and agreed.
 So, Ying Hongyue was really a native of Silver City?
 As for what director Zhao said, he didn't take it seriously. Don't put all your eggs in one basket ... That's right, I'll give little tree more benefits next time. As for Zhao family city, I'm not familiar with it.
 If you want to resuscitate, you have to find a way yourself!
 The old turtle and general Huai were afraid that Li Hao had been deceived by a major city, but they were overthinking it. Li Hao only had some connection to heaven battling city. If he had not considered it over and over again, he would not have revived him from heaven battling city.
 Li Hao didn't forget that everything he had today was caused by these guys from the ancient civilization.
 "Director Zhao, I understand. If there's a chance in the future, I will go to the Zhao family's main city to revive them. However, I have no choice now. I don't have any resources at all. I'm so poor that I have to wear pants!"
 Li Hao sighed."He's such a glutton. He's even devoured all my cultivation resources. I'm having a headache!"
 Director Zhao didn't say much. Seeing that Li Hao was about to leave, he said,""It's best not to provoke Ying Hongyue for the time being. Seven elements, that's a completely different realm. You might not know ..."
 "Clear!"
 Li Hao nodded."Very powerful. It's comparable to a Paragon. Don't worry, director. I know what to do."
 Director Zhao felt his head hurt when he saw how perfunctory he was.
 Do you really know?
 But with Li Hao's attitude, he couldn't say much.
 Seeing this, Li Hao said,"I really do know. If the director doesn't trust me, why wouldn't he Trust Director Zhou and the others?" If I were to provoke them, they would stop me. "
 That's right!
 Thinking about this, director Zhao felt a little more at ease.
 "Then ... Then you won't have any more conflicts with the nine divisions or other forces in the near future, right?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was speechless. Was he treating him like a child?
 Why are you so worried?
 I'm very reliable!
 "Don't worry, director. Unless I'm completely confident, I won't take the risk. "
 "That's good, that's good,"
 Chief Zhao nodded, and Li Hao said,""Then I'll be off. Director, I'm going back to Silver City to take a look first. I'll head straight to stellarsky city after this."
 "Okay, be careful ..."
 Director Zhao was still a little worried. Seeing that he had left, he still sent a message, "Don't completely trust anyone from the ancient civilizations! The ancient civilization's situation is also very complicated.....You can borrow power, but you can't completely rely on it!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. He nodded and said,"I know!"
 With that, he disappeared.
 Seeing him run away so quickly, director Zhao shook his head. Young people were always so impatient.
 He glanced at the canyon and thought to himself,'is heaven battling city reliable?
 He didn't enter rashly. After looking around for a while, he chose to leave.
  Although these ancient civilization existences were cooperating, it was necessary to be careful.
 ……
 Li Hao had already run away.
 As for director Zhao's worries, he knew what they were. It seemed like director Zhao was still clear-headed, even more so than the nine divisions royal family. No wonder he was able to stay in Silver Moon without moving.
 The imperial family of the Jiusi still relied on monster plants, but Silver Moon did not have much spring of life. Even if director Zhao had the divine power Stone, he would not want to revive those ancient monster plants.
 Otherwise, Silver Moon would not be lacking in ruins.
 Other than the eight main cities, who knew how many more ruins there were? Li Hao could find a venerable sovereign's Palace in any one of them.
 After so many years, director Zhao and the others couldn't have only dug out the Zhao family's main city right?
 However, it was rare to hear the Silver Moon people mention the monster plants on Silver moon's side. What they mentioned were also the monster plants that were slumbering in the eight main cities.
 [PS: 2 am tomorrow. I won't be updating in the morning. I'll take a nap and sort out my thoughts. Poor Eagle.]

 General Huai's recovery caused quite a commotion.
 He could sense it from all directions.
 At this moment, many people were panicking. The revival of the powerhouses of the eight main cities was no small matter. It must be known that all the monster plants and monster beasts in the world wanted to enter the Silver Moon as soon as possible after the second revival and devour the powerhouses of the Silver Moon.
 It was built on the premise that these powerhouses could not resuscitate, or their resuscitation was delayed.
 Once it was awakened, how could these experts, who were at the level of immortal Saints, be a match for it?
 ……
 The Lin family's Secret hideout was not far from the city of supers.
 Lin Hongyu's face was as white as a sheet.
 In a small ancient city.
 A redwood tree trembled slightly.
  "Milord, has heaven battling city's locust tree revived?"
 Lin Hongyu asked.
 The Redwood was silent for a moment, and then slowly sent out a mental message,""Probably. You said that Li Hao was extremely powerful and could even kill my clone in an instant. It's obvious that he's as strong as a Paragon. Perhaps ... It had killed a similar clone before, or even ... A slightly weaker true body of a monster plant or monster. "
 "Outsiders might not know how he successfully recovered, but you and I should know."
 Lin Hongyu's face turned pale."My Lord, do you mean that he ... Might have killed other ancient overlords?" she asked.
 The Redwood tree was silent for a moment.
 After a while, he said,"what do you think?" You said before that he's been summoning all the martial masters in the world and gathering them in stellarsky city to destroy the Fengyun Pavilion. However, before the Fengyun Pavilion appeared, it's said that all the great martial masters have left ... Then, do you think that he's summoning all the experts just to show off his might?"
 Lin Hongyu was instantly enlightened!
 That's right!
 Previously, Li Hao had summoned the Silver Moon martial masters and gathered them on Heavenly Star.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Everyone thought he was going to deal with Fengyun Pavilion. Later, when Li Hao wasn't first on the list released by Fengyun Pavilion and the martial masters left, they thought it had something to do with the list.
 The Silver Moon martial masters probably felt that they weren't targeting Li Hao, so they dispersed.
 But now that she thought about it, Lin Hongyu's eyes flickered.""What my Lord means is that he probably had other motives during those few days. He took down the criminal law Division, and behind the criminal law Division should be a monster plant from Heavenly Star ancient town. Li Hao quickly summoned Silvermoon's experts. Perhaps ... It's to deal with that person?"
 Lin Hongyu was not stupid. She quickly guessed what was going on.
 At this moment, his face was even paler.
 That Li Hao had come out, and not only had he come out, he had even rushed to Silver Moon and revived general Huai. After contacting the higher-ups, she found out that ... The monster plant behind the HU clan in Heavenly Star ancient town was most likely ... Dead!
  He couldn't believe it!  It was really hard to believe.
 The monster plant was dead!
 Hong shanshu said slowly,"among those in Sky Star ancient town, rose thorn is the strongest. She's close to the Saint level. The others are all experts at the immortal level." They've all been greatly exhausted and haven't recovered much, but ordinary paragons still can't kill them. They only have seven elements ... You should know that seven elements are only close to the power of a Paragon, and paragons have different levels of strength. "
 "If Li Hao can really kill him ... It means that he still has other means that he hasn't revealed yet."
 At this moment, the Redwood tree was also shocked and emotional.
 He couldn't believe it.
 It was silent for a while. Then it continued."Li Hao didn't chase after you. Instead, he asked you to surrender. What do you think?"
 Lin Hongyu remained silent.
 After a long while, he said,"he's thinking too much. SuperPower City is not mine alone. It's formed by 12 ancient martial arts families. Although I'm the city Lord, I'm only one of their spokesmen."
 The Redwood tree did not say anything.
 Lin Hongyu mumbled to herself,"the outside world doesn't know how strong he is. Only we know. We can deduce that he killed the monster plant powerhouse behind the HU family." My Lord, what do you think ... Of my choice?"
 The Redwood tree considered for a moment and said,""There are a total of 10 monster Plant Guardians in the ancient town. After killing one, there are still 9 left. If this information is leaked, Li Hao can kill one, but he can't kill nine. If he dares to enter the relic again, he'll die without a doubt!"
 They would leak Li Hao's information.
 Of course, other people might not believe it, but this could actually be found out. The ancient town was one entity, and the results could be found without going out of the remains.
 Lin Hongyu fell silent. After a long while, she said,""What if he doesn't enter the ruins? Instead, he was always outside? He did not pursue me but allowed me to escape. I think he has considered that the moment the news was leaked ... It would be the moment he would conquer the city of superpower. He might not be a match for the monster plants in Heavenly Star ancient town, but ... What about you, my Lord?"
  The Redwood tree was stunned.
 "The Lord can't leave the remains, and the other monster plants can't come. They don't dare to come, and they won't come ... The ancient families all have experts backing them, but ... They're all divided. Li Hao can kill a Heavenly Star Guardian, but can't he kill the Lord?"
 The Redwood tree swayed a little, as if it had been hit in a vital spot.
 Yes, Li Hao could kill one, but couldn't he kill a second?
 Moreover, one of its clones was destroyed, and it had suffered a great loss. Back then, it had only just entered the undying realm, so it wasn't too strong.
 At that time, who would be able to save it?
 The ruins were no longer his home ground.
 Li Hao was confident that he could kill it here.
 "Hongyu, you mean ..."
 Lin Hongyu sighed."Li Hao is improving too fast. It's unbelievable. That's not the point. More importantly, before his second awakening, he was able to display power beyond the peak of the six elements." It's even more unusual that the shattered space can't do anything to him. "

