fileno%d
trouble had become everyone's trouble.
 "Then ... Why don't we just focus on attacking the Western divine Kingdom?"
 "The other party won't be taken down so easily. Moon god Link Seal!"
 “……”
 All of a sudden, everyone was stunned. When they recalled Li Hao's words, they felt as if they had lost their parents.
 In that case, none of the four kingdoms could be fought with all their might?
 Even Tian Jian found it hard to breathe. He said,"Then ... There's no other way?"
 Li Hao laughed,"Didn't I tell you?" First, he would pacify the four countries, then deal with some ruins ... Killing the experts in the ruins, which isolated the world and had little to do with the recovery of the world, how could there be no way? Let's clean up the remains first and continue with the previous plan. As for the four countries, we'll do it as we said before, pacify them, deter them, and give them some benefits ... Anyway, we don't have to worry too much for the time being. "
 Lin Hongyu heaved a sigh of relief and said,""Governor ... It seems like we're having a hard time moving forward. The ruins aren't easy to deal with either ... We also have to be careful of people from the ancient city who might start an indiscriminate massacre ..."
 Li Hao didn't say anything. Instead, he looked at someone.
  In the corner, Qian Wuliang was a bit surprised to see Li Hao looking at him. He said,""Governor, the governor didn't act according to the ancient city's traitor's plan and directly attack the four countries. The other party is probably very anxious."
 "If we don't follow their plan, the second recovery can't be brought forward!"
 "If that's the case, the other party will definitely be unable to hold back and can only send experts to create chaos within Heavenly Star. This will create an opportunity for the four countries to attack ..."
 The crowd looked at him, but they didn't really like him.
 However, no one said anything.
 Now that he had spoken, everyone fell silent.
 "What do you think, general Ying?" Li Hao asked with a smile.
 Qian Wuliang had many thoughts in his mind. What did Li Hao want him to say when he looked at him just now?
 He judged for a moment and said uneasily,"Governor ... I have an idea. Since the desolate beasts can invade the heaven and earth and take control of the heaven and earth, why not ... Why not we evacuate some humans from the eastern continent and let the great wilderness enter the eastern continent? this way, we can weaken the energy of the heaven and earth!"
 But Li Hao shook his head."It's too big a tail to get rid of. It'll be troublesome to clean up in the future. Moreover, if we lose our territory, it'll be even more troublesome!"
 Didn't he mean that?
 Qian Wuliang thought that Li Hao wanted him to be the scapegoat and make him point it out. Didn't he see that all the others were staring at him with wide eyes?
 Since that wasn't the case ... What did Li Hao want him to say?
 He also had a headache.
 I can see through people's hearts, but I ... Don't dare to look at you.
 Suddenly, a thought flashed through his mind. He carefully said,""Since the military governor feels that it's inappropriate, the four kingdoms are not easy to deal with, and it's not easy to find the exact location of the ancient city of betrayal. Even if we find it, we may not be able to do anything to the other party ... Then we can only ... Only destroy one ancient city! The eight main cities suppress the world and stabilize the world. The contributions of the eight main cities can not be lost. Why don't we ... Destroy an ancient city!"
 At this moment, he seemed to have caught on to something and quickly said,""Other than the Wang and Zhao families, there's still no news from the Hong, Liu, and Zheng families. It's very likely that the Zheng family is the one who betrayed them, so if we destroy the ancient city now ... As long as we don't betray that family, we still have a chance of succeeding! If we destroy the ancient city, and once the second revival appears, we'll shake the city and extract the energy of heaven and earth. We'll break through the suppression of heaven and earth, and that'll easily ruin their plan!"
 At this moment, he seemed to have completely understood.
 Li Hao hoped that he would say this in front of the new martial artists!
 As expected, Zhang an's expression changed slightly.
 Li Hao also raised his eyebrows."Those ancient cities didn't have any conflicts with me. Other than the traitors, there must be innocent people in the other two. They just don't want to bother with me ..."
 "Governor, you can't be too soft-hearted now. Otherwise ... Once the traitor of the ancient city succeeds and the second revival begins ... The lives of the ten billion people of the land of Silver Moon will be hanging by a thread!"
 "No!" He said hurriedly,"at this moment, we can only destroy an ancient city as soon as possible to destroy some of the enemy's plans ... Otherwise, we'll be in big trouble if we continue to be restricted!"  He then added,"if the governor is not willing ... Then ... Then I will go to the three ancient cities and find out the truth. I can see through people's hearts. I will know whether the other party is good or bad with one look!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "If they are hostile to me ... I'll annihilate them!"
 Everyone's heart skipped a beat. Nan Quan asked curiously,""Can seizing an ancient city stop the recovery of the world?"
 At this moment, Zhang an was silent.
 At the side, director Wang hesitated for a moment before saying in a low voice,""This ... The ancient city is extracting the power of heaven and earth. It's a very powerful extraction. Not only can it extract the power of heaven and earth, but it can also extract the power of life ... The ancient city is a treasure. It can ... Can delay the second recovery!"
 "Then why don't heaven battling city just draw it?" Nan Quan was still puzzled.
 Director Wang was speechless. After a long time, he said,"the eight great families have an agreement. They can not endlessly extract the power of the heavens and earth ... Whoever does it first may be regarded as a traitor. So, even if it's a true traitor, they won't do it and cause the seven great families to attack!" Besides, everyone is waiting for the second recovery. Who would do that on purpose?"
 Wouldn't that be stupid?
 'It's almost the second recovery, and I've even drawn out all the energy of the world ... So, there's no way to get out, right?'
 Furthermore, it was extremely easy for him to become a traitor in the eyes of the other clans.
 Southern Fist didn't say anything else.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, seemed to be in deep thought. After a long time, he said,""Is this ... Appropriate?"
 "It's pretty good!"
 "Let's just find an ancient city ..." Yuan Shuo suddenly said."Since we're enemies, let's just kill them all!"
 Zhang an glanced at them and didn't say anything.
 He suspected that ... Li Hao had long had such thoughts.
 However, there were some concerns that he had not mentioned.
 Li Hao sighed."This won't be easy. Even a Saint-level expert who has just recovered won't be easy to deal with!"
 Zhang an still remained silent.
 Li Hao laughed."Let's discuss it when we get back. Qian Wuliang, you ... You're going to the three cities. If you can't find them, there's nothing we can do. But if you can find them, you can talk to them and see what they think."
 "Yes, sir!"
 Qian Wuliang answered in a hurry and complained in his mind that it was not a good job.
  As expected, I'm the scapegoat.
 This was clearly the governor's own thoughts!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was looking at the end of the North. The king of the Li Dynasty ... Had he dealt with Ying Hongyue?
 Although he had a clone following him, the clone was very weak. Without returning, Li Hao had no idea what was going on.
 The four kingdoms could fight!
 However, there must be a backup plan. They could either seize the ancient city and absorb the power of heaven and earth to eliminate the influence of the four countries, or ... They could abandon the eastern continent and let the great wilderness occupy the heaven and earth.
 In short, purely eliminating the four kingdoms was an extremely dangerous decision.
 At this moment, Li Hao's mind was full of thoughts.
 It was very difficult to choose!
 However, to choose the lesser of two evils, perhaps ... It was time to take the risk.

 The four kingdoms couldn't be destroyed, and the ancient city that betrayed them couldn't be defeated. Li Hao's cultivation was too strong, and it was easy to trigger the stability of the great Dao of heaven and earth, increasing the tolerance limit of heaven and earth.
 If he could fight, he couldn 't. If he wanted to improve, he had many concerns.
 At this moment, everyone could feel Li Hao's helplessness.
 Qian Wuliang's suggestion to attack one of the remaining ancient cities was probably Li Hao's idea ... But it was also very dangerous.
 It was inevitable that there would be Saints in the ancient city.
 Although it might not be fully recovered, they could still go all out in the ancient city. Moreover, the ancient city might still have some particularly powerful arrangements. Li Hao's team might not be able to deal with the ancient city with their current combat strength.
 Against some undyings or even peak undyings, as long as they hadn't fully recovered, Li Hao's team could deal with them.
 But ... What about the Saints?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Up until now, Li Hao and the others had only killed two saints. One of them was the White Tree of Fengyun Pavilion, but it was too damaged and was killed by the city Lord seal.
 The second one was the Saint from the Heavenly Star Town. He was extremely powerful, and he was mainly killed by Zhang an. Li Hao and the others were just bystanders.
  As for rose thorns and vice Commander-in-Chief Sun Xin in the Heavenly Star Town, although they had also reached the Saint level, they were still far from the level of ancient sages. They were also dealt with by Zhang an, and had nothing to do with Li Hao and the others.
 Therefore, when Zhang an did not speak, everyone knew that this path ... Was too difficult.
 But Li Hao didn't want Zhang an's support. When Zhang an fell silent, Li Hao chuckled and said,""So ... Senior Zhang, do you think that dealing with these ancient cities will attract some trouble? For example, enemies from other ancient cities?"
 Yes, he only wanted this.
 They wouldn't be attacked by all the ancient cities just because they were dealing with one.
 Zhang an was silent for a moment before he slowly said,"the eight ancient cities are all of the same breath and branch!" Of course, the current situation is still unclear, and you're the Li family's descendant. If half of the ancient city thinks that your decision is right ... Then there's naturally no problem. "
 Half of the ancient city.
 "The Li family and the sword city have no objections," Li Hao said with a smile.
 “……”
 Everyone was silent.
 At this moment, the two guards of heaven battling city were also there. The old turtle was silent for a long time before suddenly saying,"In fact, heaven battling city ... When you need it, you can extract the power overflowing from the world ..."
 It still opened its mouth.
 "We can help you delay the progress of your second recovery."
 It looked at Li Hao."We don't necessarily have to deal with the other main cities ..."
  Li Hao was silent.  On the side, Qian Wuliang had to say again,""It's not just a problem of the second recovery! "The ancient cities have always been an uncertain factor. The governor has shown his goodwill time and time again. The agreements we have signed with the other ancient cities have been extremely loose!"
 "We all know that the ancient king is extremely domineering. If it was the ancient king, he would have destroyed the city and exterminated the entire race!"
 Qian Wuliang said in a deep voice,"now, the new martial artists are also taking advantage of the governor's kindness. The governor has given us very good conditions. He promised to open the Stargate for the new martial artists, promised to never invade each other, and to be allies with each other. They don't need to send troops. They only need to provide 10000 sets of armor in exchange for the revival of the divine power Stone ... But the other party is unwilling to agree to these conditions. Seniors, as new martial artists, you may think that it doesn't matter!"
 "But as a Silvermoon citizen, as the star military governor's office that aspires to rule the world ... Can such a reaction really make us feel at ease?"
 Was it just to absorb energy?
 No!
 More importantly, these ancient cities were not willing to express their opinions under such circumstances. It was almost as if they were expressing their attitude. If they did not cooperate, they would be enemies!
 Perhaps he was proud, or perhaps he felt that there was no need to compromise with Li Hao and the others after his second recovery.
 Perhaps, the things that the neo-martial experts didn't care about, Li Hao was just a junior.
 However, in the eyes of the Heavenly Star military governor's office and the others ... This was a sign of strong hostility.
 "As for Guardian turtle, he said that heaven battling city can help us extract the natural energy ..." Qian Wuliang continued.
 "I have a few questions," Qian Wuliang said slowly after a short pause.
 The old turtle pondered for a moment and said,""Go ahead,"
  At this moment, this person might be representing Li Hao's will.
 Qian Wuliang seemed to be more courageous."After extracting the energy, heaven battling city will be restored and protect this side. Can we let heaven battling City fight for us? Including the powerhouses who have yet to recover?"
 The old turtle frowned.
 "Can we have an unlimited supply of equipment, machines, weapons, and armors in the city?" Qian Wuliang continued.
 "Are the monster plant seniors in the city willing to continue providing us with the spring of life?"
 "If we encounter an enemy force from the ancient city, are you willing to control the ancient city and help us fight?"
 "If neither of us can ... Then why don't we take the risk and destroy an ancient city? we can make our own decisions and not make things difficult for heaven battling city!"
 "Heaven battling city is the best ally of the military governor's office," Qian Wuliang said sincerely."But if we turn against the other ancient cities for our sake ... It would be a shame to all the seniors. So ... I think we must carry out this battle. Maybe ... We can only do it ourselves!"
 Li Hao glanced at him when he heard that.
 Qian Wuliang also looked at Li Hao. It was unknown whether he had guessed Li Hao's thoughts or he made his own decision, but Qian Wuliang said in a low voice,"Governor, if we want to deal with the enemy ancient cities ... There's no need to trouble the seniors. We're all from the same era, and we can't be sure if they're traitors. We can only deal with them ourselves!"

 He also had his own thoughts.
 Perhaps it would be good to use the power of the ancient people to deal with the ancient city.
 However ... It would easily cause some problems.
 He might as well do it himself!
 Of course, the difficulty and danger were beyond imagination.
 He could deal with an undying, but a Saint ... Even Li Hao would have a hard time dealing with them.
 In fact, he was unrivaled!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, fell into deep thought.
 The old turtle couldn't help but ask,"you?" You guys can't do it!"
 Even though it was telling the truth.
  However, at this moment, it hurt his self-esteem.
 The others all frowned, but no one said a word.
 We can 't?
 "Strength ... There might indeed be a gap, but after hearing what you said, everyone is not convinced.
 Even director Zhao started to laugh,""It's difficult to deal with the ancient city, but it's not hopeless! Compared to the other forces, there are countless restrictions. At least in the ruins, we can go all out! Moreover, not all the ancient cities have recovered. "
 "Commander ..."
 He also looked at Li Hao and sighed.""If you're restricted when dealing with others, why don't you go all out and take a gamble? If we win, not only will the ancient city's problem be partially solved, but the four countries group will also be able to lift their restrictions!"
 "As long as we destroy one ancient city, we can go against the four countries and destroy their fantasy of a second revival in advance. We can destroy all their plans and buy time for Heavenly Star to develop!"
 It was fine if Li Hao didn't mention it, but now that he did, director Zhao thought about it and felt that perhaps ... This was a good path.
 It was just too dangerous.
 It was really dangerous!
 If they were the slightest bit careless and chose the wrong ancient city instead of the rebellious one, they would die without a doubt. This was because the other party had the energy to maintain their peak state. Once they entered, they would be annihilated!
 This was the one-third chance of destruction.
 And even if he chose the right one, what followed would be a bitter battle, or even a battle with his back to the water!
 At this moment, Lin Hongyu, who had been silent all this while, said,""Governor, since there's no other way out ... Taking care of an ancient city can solve all the problems ... Let's just take a gamble! If we destroy the ancient cities, the threat from the four kingdoms will no longer exist, and the recovery of the world will be completely under our control. All the ancient cities are hoping that the second recovery will begin soon ... We will not do as they wish!"
 "That's right. Otherwise, we can't continue to suppress them. We can only counterattack passively, but we can't take the initiative to counterattack!"
 "If the governor had told us earlier, we would have killed them long ago!"
 “……”
 One by one, the powerhouses expressed their opinions. They felt that since there was no way out, they should ... Give it a try!
 They had only just found out that the four kingdoms could not be destroyed.
 He couldn't just watch them invade and only passively counterattack every time, not even daring to counterattack.
 Li Hao looked at the few neo martial artists for a long time before he slowly said,""Then we'll make it our next strategic goal ... We'll discuss it when we get back. Let's go to the South and take a look first. We'll make a decision after we're done."  When everyone heard this, they didn't say anything.
 At this moment, the few neo martial artists looked at each other and were a little conflicted.
 If it was to deal with the City of Traitors, no one would think much of it.
 But ...
 From their point of view, this wasn't a good idea. But from Li Hao's point of view, this might be the only way.
 Although the old turtle had said that heaven battling city could help him draw if it was really impossible ...
 "But heaven battling city's actions are tantamount to offending all the neo martial artists. Everyone hopes that the second recovery will begin, but only you chose to extract the energy of the world and destroy the stability of the world ... Isn't this completely tearing all decorum with the neo martial faction?
 At this moment, everyone remained silent.
 ……
 The warship continued to fly.
 They headed south.
 Traveling through the void took a lot of time, and they arrived at the South from the East.
 At the end of the southern continent, there was a complex combination of swamp and water.
 The raincloud Kingdom might have already received the news.
 When the warships appeared, countless warships appeared in a continuous stream. In front of them was a massive warship that was as large as an Island.
 The watercloud country was famous for its powerful navy.
 However, the watercloud country did not have the confidence of the other three countries. They had no desolate beasts, no Divine Spirit, no beginner martial God, they had nothing.
 It was said that the Emperor of raincloud country was only a few years old.
 Now, Empress Dowager Shui Yun was the one in charge.
 It was said that the Empress Dowager was young but she had managed to make the civil and military officials of the country obedient. They were even willing to listen to her orders to attack the Central Plains.
 ……
  On the huge warship.
 At this moment, a woman wearing a phoenix crown and a veil was standing in front of the warship.
 It seemed a little mysterious.
 When Li Hao's warship appeared, a gentle female voice was heard.""Governor li, welcome. I'm sorry for not welcoming you."
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He got off the warship and walked in the air.
 At this moment, Li Hao was wearing a scholarly robe and a sword at his waist. He looked much more elegant. He walked forward and looked at the front of the warship. Beside the Empress Dowager, there was a five or six-year-old child who was looking at Li Hao timidly.
 Behind them were the civil and military officials.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com There were also black-robed experts here.
 Seeing Li Hao, the veiled Empress Dowager didn't seem to be nervous. She just said in a soft and sad voice,""The military governor won't come here with countless super cannonballs like he did with the wasteland, right? It's too wasteful, but also too overbearing. "
 "The watercloud country was forced to enter the southern continent."

 Before Li Hao could say anything, she sighed and said,""The world has recovered, the world is stable, and the energy of the water element is vast. The water cloud in the South is filled with water, and now, some islands have been destroyed by huge waves ... The water cloud in the South is no longer suitable for living ... I have no other choice. For the sake of the billions of people of the watercloud nation, I have no choice but to migrate North ..."
 At this moment, there seemed to be many Water-type great demons lingering in the water near the warship.
 Li Hao just listened quietly. He didn't seem to think that it was inappropriate, so he asked,""Is the disaster serious?"
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun was startled, but she quickly sighed, "It's very serious ... Currently, many islands suitable for living have been washed away."
 "How tragic."
 Li Hao sighed."The people have no means of living. They have no choice but to find a way out. They deserve pity!" The people of the world were all people with a hard life. Disband the Army and let them work for you. Let the Army join the construction team, and I'll build more islands in the four Seas to disperse the people of shuiyun. The land, mountains, and oceans can all be used for migration!"
 "Furthermore, now that the ancient city has been revived, if we can Capture one of them, it can house tens of millions of people ... As long as we work together and work hard to overcome this crisis, we'll be able to save the hundreds of millions of people in shuiyun city from this sea of suffering."
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun's mind was a bit off.
 At this moment, the civil and military officials at the back all looked at each other.
 We're just making an excuse ... This is the first time I've seen someone like Li Hao, and he seems to have taken it for real. He ... Did it on purpose, right?
  Empress Dowager Shui Yun was also stunned for a moment, but she quickly sighed,""The governor has good intentions, but the migration of hundreds of millions of people ..."
 "Didn't you all enter the southern continent for the sake of migration?"
 Li Hao was puzzled, is it difficult? If there is, in the past, only your raincloud Kingdom would have contributed, but now, my Heavenly Star is willing to contribute. I can even provide the basic necessities for the people of raincloud ... It's a bit tough, but as long as we get through this, we'll soon welcome a new life. "
 “……”
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun was completely speechless.
 At this moment, the black-robed man suddenly sneered,""Li Hao, you'd better take care of yourself first!"
 If Li Hao continued, Empress Dowager Shui Yun's self-righteous excuse would soon become Li Hao's reason to force them to their feet.
 Li Hao looked at black robe and sighed.""You ... You rebels don't know the suffering of the people. I'm talking about the People's lives with Empress Dowager shuiyun, what do you know? Hundreds of millions of people, isn't that more important than fighting and killing?"
 "Then the civil and military officials of shuiyun ..." Black robe said coldly.
 "Heavenly Star lacks talent. As long as you're willing, you can get a position at any time ... I won't stop you."
 Li Hao smiled."The little emperor is so cute. If he has the talent in the future, why not become the master of my Heavenly Star?" If the Empress Dowager is virtuous and capable, even if she's a woman, it's not impossible for her to be the Emperor...Do you want to say this?"
 "Of course!" Li Hao laughed openly."If shuiyun is willing to put down his butcher's knife and join Heavenly Star, we Heavenly Star people will naturally be willing to treat you with sincerity!"
 The surroundings were silent.
 "Governor, you must be joking. I didn't mean it that way," Empress Dowager Shui Yun said softly.  "Even if there is, so what?"
 Li Hao's smile was still bright. "Shuiyun in the South hasn't had any major disputes with heavenstar yet. Our heavenstar Navy happens to be a little weak. If you can strengthen our Navy and station it in the four Seas, eliminate the Pirates, and protect the safety of the region, I'll welcome shuiyun to join us! There are 99 provinces in the world, if there's one more shuiyun province, why not?"
 This was considered as being put on a shelf!
 Among the officials, an old man suddenly walked out and said in a deep voice,""I didn't think that the governor would be so righteous. However, there are too many floods in the South, making it difficult to migrate. If we disband the Army now, I'm afraid no one will be able to protect the people of shuiyun ..."
 "I can send troops to protect you!"
 "The governor doesn't know about the danger of the flood. If a stranger enters shuiyun, it will be difficult for him to survive ..."
 Li Hao sighed."It doesn't matter. I can send the water demons to help. I can also summon all the Water-type superhumans in the world to help."
 “……”
 At this moment, a general couldn't help but say in a low voice,""We want a piece of our own territory!"
 "Sure,"
 Li Hao smiled."It's just that it's not good to relocate the others now. I can fill the sea and make land. What do you think, general?"
 “……”
 This time, everyone was completely speechless.
  Besides, we can only say that ... We must seize the world.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Empress Dowager Shui Yun's previous words would have become a joke.
 Everyone was thinking that Li Hao's fiery temper ... Was due to the news from the vast wilderness. In addition, Li Hao had previously live-streamed the situation of his attack on the Western divine Kingdom. He had always fought as soon as they met.
 Therefore, everyone discussed and put themselves in the perspective of the weak, showing a little pity and making people pity them.
 In the end ... Li Hao really pitied her. What should she do now?
 Everyone had a headache.
 For the time being, they didn't want to completely fall out with each other, but if they didn't fall out with each other, were they really going to listen to Li Hao?
 That Empress Dowager Shui Yun could only sigh,"We appreciate your kind intentions, but you are in a lot of trouble now. The Li Dynasty, the great wilderness, and the divine Kingdom are all eyeing you covetously. How can we delay your great cause because of shuiyun?"
 "This place has a better environment than shuiyun," he said."It doesn't cross the southern continent. Governor Li, can we use this place for a few months and make some adjustments?"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows."That's not good. This place is poor, and it's all water. There's no way to get off the ship ... Outside my stellarsky city, there's the stellarsky sea domain!" If the Empress Dowager doesn't mind, a million Navy soldiers can be stationed in my Heavenly Star sea domain. My Heavenly Star City is prosperous and has a population of tens of millions. Sky Star City is willing to provide all the soldiers with food and everything they need daily ... When the world is at peace, you will all be one family. "

 “……”
 The Li Hao in front of him seemed to have changed into another person. He was no longer as domineering as before, but extremely gentle and elegant.
 However...This truly made watercloud's forces feel extremely uncomfortable.
 Some irascible soldiers were already feeling uncomfortable. A general even gritted his teeth and said,""Since the governor is so generous ... Why don't you ... Lend us the southern continent and let us live there for a while?"
 Li Hao sighed,"you see, I promised you, but you're insatiable!" A human's desires can not be satisfied. I said that I would help you migrate, give you a base, establish a province, and station you in the stellarsky sea ... I've agreed to all of these, but you're still not satisfied! That's why, an invasion is an invasion, why put gold on your face?"
 At this point, Empress Dowager shuiyun didn't say anything more. She only sighed,"The governor is really ... I don't need to say anything! Did the governor come here today to force us to retreat? If that's the case ... We'll just retreat. "
 Li Hao smiled."There's no hurry. The other three forces have their own backers, so they won't retreat even if it means death. Right now, I'm the only one who's confused about shuiyun. I've already said all the good things I can. Does shuiyun also have the ambition to conquer the world? Then I want to know ... Where's your confidence?"
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun raised her head to look at Li Hao and laughed."The ancient city is willing to help us ... Governor, do you think this is enough?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "It's not enough,"
 However, Empress Dowager Shui Yun ignored him. Instead, she turned to black robe and sighed,""Venerable one, shuiyun is weak. Governor li has come personally today ... There are no generals in the country that can match him. Please show your might and expel them. Otherwise ... I'm afraid shuiyun won't be able to hold on."
  Black robe cursed in his heart!
 As for the other three parties, his companions had not encountered such a thing.
 Now that it was his turn, the watercloud nation had directly said that they were very weak and needed the support of the ancient city. If they didn't support ... If they couldn't win, they would retreat.
 This ... In any case, he didn't believe that Shui Yun didn't have any trump cards.
 But now, even Shui Yun was looking at him. If he didn't show up, wouldn't it make the ancient city seem weak?
 But ... He knew that he was only a clone and was clearly no match for Li Hao.
 For a time, he was in a difficult position.
 If he attacked, there was a 99% chance that he would be killed by Li Hao.
 If they didn't make a move ... Wouldn't the ancient city seem useless?
 He was a little envious of the emissaries from the other countries. They were so comfortable. In the West, the Queen led the gods to fight. In the East, the great wild beasts appeared. On the Li Dynasty's side, although a group of people had died, the Li Dynasty King had also brought the officiant to fight in person.
 Only here ... Could it be that he had to bring this young Emperor to battle?
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun bowed once more."Venerable one, this time, Shui Yun has only sent out troops to support you. Right now, Governor li is being overbearing. Please show your might, venerable one!"
 Behind him, the civil and military officials all said,""Please show your might, venerable one, and kill the strong enemy!"
 Black robe pondered for a while. He had peak battle prowess after all.
 Although he was only at the peak, he was much stronger than the average seven or eight elements. According to the comparison between him and modern martial arts, he ... Could barely be considered as the sun and the moon, right?
 That Li Hao ... Although he looked very strong before ... Maybe ... Maybe he could fight?
 More importantly, if he didn't fight, Shui Yun would really run away, and he couldn't bear the responsibility.
  Even if he died in battle, he would only be a clone.  Thinking of this, he said nothing. Suddenly, his aura soared. At this moment, he made up his mind and gathered all the origins of his clones. He thought that even if he couldn't defeat Li Hao, he would show them that he was just a clone ... And that he could stop Li Hao for a while.
 There was nothing to be afraid of!
 "I'm just a clone ... My combat power is not one-tenth of my original power, not to mention one percent of the neo martial era ..."
 He had laid the groundwork for himself. Even if he lost later, it would be nothing.
 As soon as he finished speaking, he flew out.
 Just as he flew out, the world suddenly changed. The void reversed and the great momentum suppressed him.
 An extremely powerful sword intent burst out from the void!
 The sword stabbed out without a sound.
 The black-robed man was shocked and roared. His illusionary figure turned red and a powerful spiritual energy burst out, but it was destroyed by the sword!
 The next moment, Li Hao slashed again!
 Puchi!
 As if he had pierced through a water ball, it exploded with a bang. Li Hao grabbed with his hand and gathered all the origins, turning them into a ball. He threw it to director Zhou."Director Zhou, take this to nourish your body."
 “……”
 The surroundings were silent.
 On the other side, all the experts of raincloud country were dumbfounded.
 The powerful black-robed venerable ... Everyone knew that he was probably no match for Li Hao, but he was just testing the waters. In the end ... He was killed with a single strike?
  Even though it was only a clone, it was still extremely powerful.
 At this moment, some people revealed a look of fear.
 This ... Li Hao was so strong, was he really someone Shui Yun could deal with?
 The watercloud nation had its own experts. However, according to the division, the most they had were at the ninth level of the mountain sea realm. This included a few of their generals.
 Even the strongest Navy Commander in the country ... Could only barely be considered a cultivator at the first stage of the sun Moon realm?
 At the very most, he was on par with black robe.
 How could such a high-end combat force match Li Hao's team?
 In an instant, everyone was panicking!
 They didn't have any gods or wild beasts, and they didn't even have the God of beginner martial arts. Shuiyun was the only country without any faith among the four countries.
 Everyone was flustered.

 At this moment, the Empress Dowager glanced at Li Hao and seemed to see the coldness in his eyes. She sighed.""The governor is indeed powerful and unparalleled ... However, the four countries are all entering the Central Plains. Shui yunjue is a weak country and can not afford to offend the other three countries, nor can they afford to offend this group of ancient powerhouses ... And they can't even afford to offend the governor! The governor's threat isn't water cloud, so why don't you let me station here for a while?"
 "On what basis?"
 Li Hao looked at her.
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun took a step forward and said softly,""The governor ... Is not an unreasonable person!"
 With that, he waved his hand, and suddenly, the surroundings were shrouded in mist.
 At this moment, it was as if only the two of them were left in the world.
 "The watercloud Kingdom is weak and can not afford to offend any of the parties ..." Empress Dowager Shui Yun said softly,"in truth, I have no intention of invading Heavenly Star, but ... If I don't make a move now, I'll be the target of all!"
 "You want to fight me?" Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 "I have no other choice. If I am lucky enough to win even one move from you, then please allow me, shuiyun, to use this place for a period of time."
 "Are you sure?"
  Li Hao laughed. This person ... Is she really sure?
 "Of course!"
 "If I lose, then I'll lead the Army back ... Or ... I'll be at your disposal!" Empress Dowager Shui Yun said softly.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com So confident!
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. Shui Yun didn't seem to have any trump cards. Could it be ... That his trump card was Empress Dowager Shui Yun?
 "Please!"
 "I heard that the governor is good at swordsmanship ... I happen to be good at some swordsmanship as well. It's hard for me to be in a Grand Hall. However, today ... I'll show my incompetence!"
 With that, a sword pierced through the sky!
 It was like a waterfall descending, like a stream flowing through.
 Li Hao also attacked with his sword.
 The two sword intents collided, but at this moment, the opponent's sword intent wrapped Li Hao's sword intent like a stream of water.
 "The longevity Swordmaster's sword mind is very strong!"
 "Since the neo martial era, it has been known as the world's number one offensive sword!"
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun clearly wasn't blessed by heaven's will, but her attack was so powerful that Li Hao couldn't figure out how it happened.
 Breaking the limits of the world, this ... How was this possible?
 If the king of Dali did not say anything, and the Queen did not say anything, those gods, even if they were local gods, would be cut off if they really exceeded the limit.
 Why didn't the Empress Dowager have it?
  At this moment, Li Hao's sword definitely had the power of the fourth level of the sun Moon tier and the strength of 20 opened meridians, but ... He was actually blocked.  It was unbelievable!
 In this raincloud country, the strongest person should only have around 10 meridians, right?
 And this was still the present!
 However, the other party had surpassed everyone else. Why was this so?
 Li Hao was a little surprised. He attacked again!
 The other party's sword also descended and he said softly,"Governor, are you wondering why I can break through the limits of heaven and earth?"
 "A little."
 Although the Empress Dowager was hiding it, she could feel it. She was laughing,""Because ... Even if the Silver Moon was separated from the main world, it still originated from the main world. The main world has two world Lords, the human King and the Emperor!"
 "Apart from these two world Lords, there's actually another one with an extremely high status in the origin world ..."
 "An Autarch?"
 Li Hao asked. The Empress Dowager smiled and said,""The status of a Supreme martial artist is naturally extremely high. However, a Supreme martial artist is a Supreme martial artist. If there is a human King ... Then there is a human Queen. Therefore, only a human Queen can be considered as half a master of the world!"
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment, then he seemed to understand something."You mean, you ... Have inherited the legacy of the human Queen? That's why even the heavens and earth don't dare to restrict you?"
 "The human King is the master of the world, and the human King is half ... I only know a little bit. The Heaven's Will of this world doesn't dare to resist the orthodoxy of the human King, but once it gets stronger, it will ignore all of this ... It's just that I have the upper hand now!"
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun chuckled."My shuiyun Kingdom is small and weak. There are even fewer powerful cultivators in our Kingdom, and we don't have any other resources. I was lucky enough to obtain the inheritance of a human King ... In truth, I don't have the heart or the power to rule over the world. How can I rule over the world by myself? It's just that ... For the sake of following the crowd, I ask that you, Governor, give me, shuiyun, a way out!"
 Li Hao was still very surprised!
 The legacy of the human King!
  Furthermore, this Empress Dowager had actually cultivated to such a level, and the will of heaven actually did not dare to suppress her ... One had to know that she had suppressed the grandson of a Supreme Being, so why would she not dare to suppress the human King's inheritance?
 Were human Kings much more terrifying than Supreme martial artists?
 However, this was the sword technique of the human King, and he wasn't the human King himself. Yet, he didn't even dare to suppress it ... This heaven's will was indeed bullying the weak and fearing the strong.
 At this moment, Li Hao's strength increased again.
 He slashed out with his sword!
 The Empress Dowager also drew her sword again, but this time, she was not attacking, but defending.""The governor is very strong ... Even if I go all out, I might not be able to defeat him ... But the governor probably doesn't want the water cloud annihilation, right?"
 "The ancient city's expert came here ... And asked us to send our troops. I'm afraid he's not aiming to conquer the world, but to kill."
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun seemed to have guessed this as well. She said softly,""Governor, even if you kill me, it won't change anything ... If you kill me, the water cloud will be in turmoil and chaos. Do you want to kill hundreds of millions of people of the water cloud? Right now, the governor doesn't have the energy to suppress the turbulence of the water and clouds ... Too many people dying may not be a good thing for the governor. "
 "Since you've already seen through it, why do you insist on it?" Li Hao chuckled.
 "I just don't want to ... Be the one to wake up alone! Otherwise, that expert from the ancient city can send dozens of clones to kill me. Governor, what do you think I should do?"

 "In my country, only I have the power to resist. The others ... I'm afraid it's difficult to resist. I can't guard every place and not send troops. If that happens, the entire country will be destroyed!"
 "Shuiyun, without a beginner God, no powerful godly spirit, no wild beast ... A small country is weak, so we can only go with the flow!"
 Although he said it miserably, Li Hao didn't have any pity for him."Then, is it right for you to kill your way into my Heavenly Star and slaughter my citizens?"
 "You've misunderstood, commander ... We're just temporarily putting the ancient city at ease!"
 As the two sides spoke, hundreds of swords were thrown at each other.
 The two sword intents collided, and Empress Dowager Shui Yun was forced to retreat.
 Although he was strong ... Li Hao could tell that his strength was only around 20 meridians. This was also the limit of the other party. Compared to Li Hao, he was still a bit weaker.
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun only defended and sighed once more,"Governor ... Why do you have to be so ruthless? Right now, Shui Yun and the governor's demands were actually the same. They wanted to destroy these ancient city powerhouses to avoid a disaster! The military governor has suppressed all sides, but is unwilling to go all out against one side and destroy their country. Isn't this to prevent the second recovery from coming early?"
 "The side of the bed!"
 Li Hao struck again and tore apart her veil. After seeing her face, he was unmoved, even though she was a stunning beauty. He said calmly,""The watercloud Kingdom is weak. If you were alone ... Today, I would have killed you. At most, I would have captured your soldiers. What could you do to me?"
  Empress Dowager shuiyun was slightly aggrieved."Governor, why must you be so cruel ... My country has also buried thousands of city-destroying bombs. Once I die, my country will fall and my family will be destroyed. The entire shuiyun nation will be destroyed, and countless people will die. The second recovery will begin and the ancient experts will appear ... That will be the true disaster!"
 Li Hao's expression changed slightly.
 "No... I just ... Had no other choice!"
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun said softly,"in the past, when the human King was besieged by powerful cultivators, he could only survive in this way ... And I ... Could only survive in this way!" The sorrow of the weak isn't because I'm cruel!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As soon as he finished speaking, the Phoenix Coronet was broken with a crack!
 A streak of blood flowed down from her head and dyed her face red, but she still looked at Li Hao. She even put away her sword and stopped fighting."Governor, if you kill me today, the water cloud will be destroyed ... Billions of lives, Governor ... You don't want to see this, do you?"
 Li Hao laughed."I've seen people threatening others. But this is the first time someone used their own country and people to threaten the leader of an enemy country. It's ... Ridiculous!"
 "The sorrow of the weak!"
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun's face was covered in blood, and she looked a little weak,"If I was as strong as the governor and had the help of the Silver Moon Martial Master, I wouldn't be willing to do this ..."
 "No one would want to use such methods to seek a way out."
 Li Hao sneered, ridiculous!
 "If you don't want me to kill you, sure, but ... You have to do me a favor," he suddenly said.
 "Governor, please speak."
 "Help me fight! I'll let you all continue to stay here. "
  "The enemy is ..." Empress Dowager Shui Yun's heart moved.  "No need to ask! Are you willing or not? If you don't want to ... I don't have to kill you. I just need to cripple you, and I think ... Some interesting things might happen!"
 Then, Li Hao's aura suddenly rose."Perhaps you're still hiding some strength, but it doesn't matter. I think ... No matter how strong you are, you can't resist a Saint. There's another Saint nearby who can fight!"
 At this point, Li Hao laughed."You know the sword technique of the human King. I believe many people know you ... Those who fear the human King should also be afraid, right?"
 The Empress Dowager's heart moved. Who would be afraid of the human King?
 Of course, it was the neo martial artists!
 Li Hao, are you going to deal with the new martial artists?
 Ancient city?
 Or some relic experts?
 Her mind was filled with thoughts. Raincloud nation was weak, and although she was strong, her strength alone was indeed no match for all of them. Today, Li Hao was unable to deal with them due to some restrictions, but ... What if he really crippled her?
 As thoughts flashed through her mind, she said weakly,""Commander, you won't intentionally send me to my death, right?"
 "How could that be? didn't you say that the bomb would explode when you died? Then why would I do that?"
 "Then ..."
 Li Hao's face suddenly turned cold.
  "Of course not!" The Empress Dowager hurriedly smiled.
 Li Hao also smiled and suddenly said,""How can an ancient inheritance be cultivated to such a level? It's difficult for the modern powerhouses who cultivate ancient inheritances to improve after reaching the Golden body limit. How can you break the limit? Not to mention the human King's inheritances, I think the inheritances of some venerable sovereigns can't be too weak. Why can't they?"
 Even if there were no restrictions in the world, how could this woman cultivate to the stage of 20 meridians?
 Maybe her body was like director Zhou 's, an ancient human body?
 But ... Where did the undying substance and the power of the origin come from?
 The Empress Dowager's expression changed slightly."It's all a coincidence ..."
 "Make it up more seriously!"
 The longsword in Li Hao's hand was already glowing. Seeing this, Empress Dowager Shui Yun sighed."Because ... I have a human Queen's sword, a real sword!"
 Li Hao was taken aback and frowned,"the human Queen is still alive, right?" I don't think he's ever been to Silver Moon ... Even if he did, why would he leave his sword behind?"
 Unless they were dead, or like the eight great families, where the weapon was a key, they would not deliberately leave it behind.

 Otherwise, who would leave behind their own sword?
 "I don't know about that ... However, it's also because this sword contains a large amount of Origin Energy and imperishable substance that I'm able to reach where I am today."
 "Where's the sword?"
 "I've already refined it. "
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. He looked at her."If you use this sword, it looks like ... You can unleash an even stronger attack, right?"
 "That's not enough," the Empress Dowager said weakly."You're no match for the governor."
 Li Hao sneered, which quickly turned into a gentle smile.""Good, this is even better! In a few days ... I'll come and find you again!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, his sword pierced through the sky!
 The mist in the surroundings dissipated, and everyone looked towards them. The experts of the watercloud country were all shocked. The Empress Dowager's Phoenix Coronet had been shattered, and her face was covered in blood ... Was this defeat?
 Although it was normal to lose.
  But ... If they were to lose, wouldn't they have to retreat?
 At this time, Li Hao spoke."The Empress Dowager is not weak. She actually obtained the neo martial art inheritance. I, li Haojing, have re-learned martial arts ... Today, I will not pursue this matter. However ... If Shui Yun dares to take one step into Heavenly Star, he will be destroyed!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and returned to the battleship. The battleship rose into the air and instantly disappeared.
 "Huh?" Zhang an was a little confused and suddenly said,"just now ... I felt a unique aura ... It's a little familiar ..."
 "Yes, I am. They say it's the inheritance of the human King. "
 "What?" Zhang an was stunned."How is that possible?"
 "The human Queen ... Has never been to the land of Silver Moon!" He was stunned.
 Li Hao shook his head. I don't know.
 Zhang an, on the other hand, was at a loss. Since when had that person come to Silver Moon?
 He even left behind an inheritance?
 What ... What was going on?
 He was a little puzzled.
 The others were also curious and gossiped,""Is that woman very strong?"  "He's quite strong. He's at least at the fourth level of the sun Moon tier!"
 Everyone was stunned and took a deep breath. This wasn't weak!
 The king of Dali was probably at this level.
 It might even be worse!
 "No wonder you didn't continue ... But ... You should be able to beat her, right?"
 Li Hao nodded."But he's the heir of the human King. The human King is someone I respect. I still have to give him some face!"
 Everyone scoffed at him.
 To comfort Zhang an and the others!
 Who would believe that!
 However, Li Hao's words made the ancient powerhouses feel awkward. Soon, Zhang an sighed and said in a low voice,""Thank you ... Although ... The inheritance is nothing, but ... I still have to thank you."
 "That's what I should do!"Li Hao smiled.
 Zhang an felt a little uncomfortable, but he didn't continue to say anything.
  The inheritance of the Ren Wang Fei ... Was actually nothing much. It was not considered extremely powerful among the inheritances of venerable sovereigns.
 However, Li Hao said that he was giving face to everyone, to neo martial artists, to the human King ... So everyone had to accept it.
 p However, this seemed to be owing him a favor for no reason, which made him feel helpless!  Zhang an guessed that Li Hao probably had his own thoughts.
 Perhaps ... It was to deal with the ancient city next?
 It was very possible!
 The inheritance of the human King ... Once it appeared in the ancient city, would some people think that the new martial arts had returned, causing them to not dare to resist and their minds to be in chaos?
 After all, he had been in a state of confusion for a short while just now. He felt that it was a little unbelievable.
 He glanced at Li Hao again. Li Hao's smile was pure, and he didn't seem like that kind of person. But when he thought about it ... This guy was indeed that kind of person!
 He had an innocent smile, but in reality ... He was shameless!

 The battleship made a round and returned to stellarsky city.
 Li Hao didn't completely leave the square continent alone. Instead, he sent people to recruit the Army of the square continent, in case the Army ran away, or he took advantage of the turmoil in the square continent to cause a war.
 Li Hao only had one request for the generals who stayed behind ... They could fight, but try to avoid it.
 Now that everyone knew about the situation, they naturally wouldn't take the initiative to provoke him.
 As such, he could only defend passively.
 In the South.
 In fact, Nanquan didn't want to guard shuiyun. Instead, he wanted to go to the West. However, Li Hao felt that he had a bad temper, and the Queen of the West also had a bad temper, so it was easy for conflicts to arise.
 Therefore, he had sent Nan Quan to the South to keep an eye on Shui Yun.
 Shuiyun's Empress Dowager, no matter if she was really weak or not, at least she knew the situation and what it was like.
 Li Hao said to them,""If the other parties insist on invading ... You can choose to negotiate, seek peace, and stall for time!"
  In the South, Li Hao sent Southern Fist to take charge.
 The king of the great wilderness in the East could not easily come out, so it was not very dangerous. However, the cavalry of the great wilderness was not weak, and if they came out, the other party was also quite powerful. After thinking about it, Li Hao decided to send the light sword and the Jade Rakshasa over to keep watch.
 In the West, it was yang Shan and his wife. They were not so hot-tempered and would not easily start a war when they met the Queen of the West. However, they would not show too much weakness either. Yang Shan and his wife, one in the open and one in the dark, could play the good cop, the bad cop.
 At this moment, although Nan Quan already knew that the situation wasn't good, he still couldn't help but say,""What if the other party doesn't accept the negotiation?"
 Before Li Hao could speak, Northern fist frowned and said,""Don't give me any trouble! If they don't accept it ... Then even if you kneel, you have to make them accept it. "
 “……”
 Southern Fist rolled his eyes.
 Am I shameless?
 These words ...
 He could only mumble a few words and finally asked,""Then, if we're going to attack the ancient city, can I come back and participate in the battle?"
 Li Hao thought for a moment and nodded.
 "That's good!"
 Nanquan heaved a sigh of relief, but Li Hao smiled.""It's extremely dangerous to attack the ancient city!"
 "I know,"
 Southern Fist didn't think much of it,"that's still better than holding it in!" Li Hao, to be honest ..."
 This was the first time he had called Li Hao by his name in a long time.
 Li Hao was slightly dazed.
 "Do you think ... The martial masters of Silver Moon are afraid of death, or are they afraid of losing face?" Nan Quan chuckled.
 Li Hao was stunned.
 "Everyone, don't be afraid of death! However, everyone needs to save face!"
  He looked at Li Hao and said seriously,"compromise? compromise? retreat? we know that it might be right!" But ... You have to know that when we were sparring back then, even if we knew that your master was powerful, other than the shameless Earthcover sword, everyone would take the initiative to accept it. They weren't afraid of death, but they were afraid of losing face and losing face! You're similar to Hong Yitang in that regard, but the others all want their face!"  "I know that you have your own thoughts and plans. If you explain it to us ... We can understand! But ... It still hurts, do you understand?"
 Li Hao was stunned for a long time before he nodded slightly.
 Do you understand?
 Maybe he did.
 At this moment, he thought of a few people.
 Even if silver moon's Martial Master knew that he would die if he were to face Yuan Shuo, he still ... Did not accept the challenge?
 Just like that day, the eyebrows-abrest rod had already known that he was going to die. If he had lowered his head, begged for mercy, and retreated, Yuan Shuo might not have killed him, but ... Didn't he still persist until the end?
 Because he was not afraid of death.
 This was because most of Silver moon's martial masters valued their reputation more than their lives.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com That was why when the northern fist said that even if you knelt down, you had to consider the big picture, the southern Fist didn't refute it, but he was unhappy.
 He didn't feel happy.
 Li Hao looked around and then at the others.
 Some people didn't say anything, some frowned, some glared at Nan Quan ... But Nan Quan's face was indifferent. He knew that many people must have the same thoughts as him.
 "I understand!" Li Hao nodded.
 "Hmm, I won't say anything else. Call me ... When we attack the ancient city!"
 With that, he turned around and left.
 This time, he would take 5000 demon hunters with him. As for whether the South would be safe or not, he didn't know, but he would do his best.
 Yang Shan was in charge of the West. The West was powerful, but Li Hao had dealt with the Western continent's experts previously. This time, he only brought 5000 Silver Moon soldiers with him.
 The light sword, which was stationed in the East, took 10000 heaven-battling soldiers with it, led by a few regimental commanders who did not self-destruct.
  The wilderness cavalry was powerful, and the heaven battling Army could stop them.
 ……
 The star military governor's office.
 Li Hao hadn't come back for a visit for a long time.
 At this moment, everyone had arrived at the mansion.
 Before Li Hao said anything, Qian Wuliang stepped out and said,"Governor, I'm going to take a team to the Hong, Liu, and Zheng families."
 He said softly,"of the three clans, one of them will definitely betray the entire city!" In fact ... All three of them might be! "Of course, the other party might disguise themselves and might not kill me. However, as long as they kill me, it must be an enemy! If you don't kill me, with your subordinate's abilities, I might be able to see through some things and make some judgments. "
 "In addition, I need a few more people to cooperate with me," he added.
 "Speak," he said.
 "I'm hu Ming with clairaudient ears,"Qian Wuliang said seriously.

 H Ming, that wretched old man.
 Li Hao frowned slightly."It's possible, but ... He's as timid as a mouse. It's easy for him to get into trouble."
 Qian Wuliang laughed."You may not know this, commander. For us, the gains we get from taking risks may be tens or hundreds of times more than usual. We ... Are all willing to take the risk!" He had made great contributions to the governor! But if we join the ancient city, what are we? He's even worse than a dog. As long as this subordinate says so, he'll definitely agree and never betray us. "
 Li Hao nodded.
 "The second one, director Zhou," Qian Wuliang said.
 Director Zhou was stunned.
 "Director Zhou, it's easier to get close to them if you follow the ancient martial arts path." Qian Wuliang smiled.
 Li Hao considered for a while and nodded."Is there anything else?"
 "Also, the ancient city might need to measure our strength. This subordinate is not strong enough. The three ancient cities might not be enemies. I might be able to rope in one of them. I'll need a powerhouse to cooperate with me."
 At this point, he looked at one person."Furthermore, that person's status must be high enough to represent the star military governor's office!"
  His status was high enough.
 Li Hao's expression changed.
 Yuan Shuo patted his clothes and said,""I'll go!"
 Qian Wuliang was talking about him.
 But Li Hao didn't want to, because it was really dangerous. Just as he was about to speak, Yuan Shuo looked at him."Do you really want me to stay here and study for the rest of my life? I've been to more ruins than you've been to cities! I'm proficient in ancient literature. I can tell at a glance whether a living person has lived there all year round, whether the energy is active, and whether there are traces of people all year round! There must be living people in the traitor's city. It must be active. It was impossible for it to remain inactive for 100000 years! Therefore, no one is more capable than me to distinguish these. "
 "Furthermore, whether you are a traitor or not, you should know that you are from my five birds sect, and I ... Am the best representative of your sincerity!"
 "A true City of Traitors would not kill me so easily," Yuan Shuo said with a smile."If he kills me, he'll be completely exposed!"
 In the end, he added,"although Southern Fist is a B * stard, there's one thing he's right about. Don't always look down on us. The world will turn once it's gone. Without you, Silver Moon would still be able to hold on until today! Zhao Shuguang and the others were all hiding their true strength. Even without you ... Wouldn't you still be Silver Moon? I will go and cooperate with Qian Wuliang this time!"
 Below, Qian Wuliang didn't dare to look up at Li Hao.
 He felt that he was challenging Li Hao's bottom line by mentioning Yuan Shuo.
 In fact, many people knew that Li Hao no longer had any relatives. Even though he had suffered a great loss when he dealt with the Western divine Kingdom, he had not expressed anything. However, Yuan Shuo had suffered a great loss, and he was instantly enraged.
 Perhaps, in the entire Heavenly Star, the only person who could move Li Hao was Yuan Shuo.
 But ... If Yuan Shuo didn't go, it would be hard for others to pay attention to him.
 If one didn't pay attention to it, how could one see through the changes in a person's heart?
 What could he get from sending a few unimportant people to talk to him?
 Li Hao closed his eyes and pondered for a long time. Then, he slowly said,""Alright!"
 "Do you have any other requests?" he looked at Qian Wuliang and asked calmly.
  "There is." This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Qian Wuliang suppressed his excitement and said in a low voice,""If it's possible, I hope to have a neo martial arts senior accompany us and be a middleman ..."
 "No need!" Li Hao shook his head.
 Qian Wuliang was stunned for a second, but he soon understood and nodded."Then forget it."
 "Anything else?" Li Hao nodded.
 "No more ... No, I also need a batch of divine power stones as a meeting gift."
 "Sure!"
 "I want ... 100 million!"
 "Sure!"
 Qian Wuliang let out a sigh of relief.
 He then turned to director Zhao."In addition, I need you to provide me with some information. I don't know much about Silver Moon, so I don't know the general location. As long as I can confirm the general location, even if I can't find it, I can still get them to help me enter the city."
 Li Hao looked at director Zhao, who nodded.""Although I'm not too sure about the exact location, I've been in charge of Silver Moon for many years, so I can still estimate the general location. There might even be some of their contacts within Silver moon's territory ... I can provide the materials for them."
 "Then I'll have to trouble director Zhao!"
 "There's no time to lose. Director Zhao, the rest of you will accompany general Ying back to Silver Moon!"
 "Yes!"
 They didn't say much. Yuan Shuo stood up and left without even saying goodbye to Li Hao, afraid that Li Hao would stop him.
 Li Hao just watched in silence.
  Although he was just going on a diplomatic mission, it wasn't safe.
 In fact ... It was extremely dangerous!
 Regardless of whether it was a City of Traitors or not, if they went, they would most likely not be welcomed. Li Hao had broken the divine weapons of the Hong and Liu families, fought with the Li Dynasty's King, and even said that the head of the Zheng family had betrayed them ...
 In short, he had offended all three parties.
 In fact, Li Hao didn't care much about the death of Qian Wuliang's team.
 It might be cold-blooded, but it was also his true thoughts.
 As for Yuan Shuo ... He could not.
 Li Hao just watched them leave in silence. After a long time, he came back to his senses and looked at the others."The king of Dali has returned to Dali and has not returned yet. However, we can't all stay here. Some of them will return to Silver Moon with Jiang Li!"
 "Commander Yu, you guys can go back first."
 "Heavenly Sword, earth-covered sword, Minister Yao, Secretary Chen ..." He said."All of you, come with me and continue what we did last time. Clean up some ruins. Take advantage of the fact that King Li and the others haven't returned, and solve the problems of some scattered ruins as soon as possible! In addition, I need to take down the nine communication stations as soon as possible and cut off their armor communication system and communication Jade system ..."

