fileno%d
ed. One day, two days, three days ...
 Three days later, Li Hao finally removed the mirror barrier.
 In the outside world.
 One by one, the experts either hid or investigated openly.
 He didn't dare to investigate those experts, but the thousands of soldiers, even if they wore armor, were all weak martial masters. It would be difficult to hide.
 Unstable vitality and weak strength didn't have many secrets to the strong.
 "What a big move!"
 Someone said in a low voice. It was really a big deal.
 Almost all of the 2000 people had broken through the 100 levels.
 As for the soldiers of the Silvermoon Army, they were just ordinary people. One person would not consume much energy, but with more than a thousand of them ... The consumption was huge.
  On the side of the Wei Wu Army, almost all of them were martial masters who had broken through 100, and there were not many warrior chilio-Warriors. However, this time, some of the Warriors who had broken through 100 were already powerful. After absorbing a large amount of energy and the spring of life, the number of warrior chilio-Warriors suddenly increased. There were probably 50 to 60 of them.
 This time, Li Hao's demon hunt squad also had many Qian warrior martial masters.
 There were almost 100 douqian martial masters in the three forces.
 For supers, fighting Qian was no more than three suns. It was not a big deal to spend such a huge price to cultivate nearly a hundred three suns.
 However, for a Martial Master, it was a different concept to cross the 100-point threshold and enter the thousand-player level.
 "There's even a rising light realm ..."
 There was a new person named Xuguang, Hao lianchuan, who some people recognized.
 There was a new metahuman, Qin Lian. No one was familiar with her, but they knew that she had fought before and was a dark element super. Her husband, yang Shan, was also in the metahuman stage.
 The two of them had transformed, and they weren't strong or weak.
 In addition, a few other three sun supers were born, but no one paid much attention to them. For example, Hu Hao, yunyao, and a few others had all stepped into the three sun realm. Wang Ming had entered the late stage of the three sun realm, but to everyone, they were not as worthy of attention as Martial Master douqian.
 "Thousands of people improving together ... What a huge sum!"
 It was rare to see such a big deal.
 The superpowers of today either improved by themselves or by chance. Even if you joined a force, they would not help you improve for no reason. Even if they did not lack the resources, they would not do so.
 Very quickly, everyone's gazes turned to the others. Yao si, hou Xiaochen, and the others, they couldn't see anything.
 Even if there were still heavenly eye cultivators hiding in the crowd, they still felt that these people were extremely glaring. Their eyes even showed signs of being pierced and blinded. Many people suddenly vomited blood, which was a sign that the heavenly eye cultivators were being devoured.
 Within the courtyard, hou Xiaochen turned his head to look outside.
 The people who were observing him felt as if their minds were being torn apart. Once again, some of them vomited blood and fled.
 He was too strong!
 Hou Xiaochen's power was always hard to see through. He could easily kill powerful people with divine abilities.
 It was hard to tell what level this person had cultivated to.
 ……
  In the nine Dragons Pavilion.  On the ninth floor.
 A dignified-looking expert seemed to be looking at something at this moment. An image of the courtyard was floating in front of him.
 "Hou Xiaochen's strength is at least between two or three elements. He's very strong!"
 Some people around him nodded, while others remained silent.
 He turned his head to look at a fat man beside him.""Mu hai, is Liu Yunqing still going to play dead and not come out?"
 The Financial Secretary, Liu Yunqing, had not appeared since the first time he was injured.
 It was as if it was dead silent!
 The large financial division, except for the tax collection, did not care about any other Affairs.
 It was as if Li Hao's trouble had nothing to do with him.
 Mu hai was the Secretary of the Internal Affairs Division.
 The one who spoke was Hu mingfa of the criminal Division. After Hu Xiao was killed, Hu mingfa had been strongly advocating killing Li Hao to avoid future trouble.
 Mu hai drank his tea and did not say anything.
 When Hu mingfa asked, he slowly said,"I don't know. There's not much information."
 "Chen Yao is not coming?"
 Hu mingfa's eyes turned even colder."How long is he going to hide?"
 Chen Yao, the one from the inspection Office.
 When mu hai heard this, he slowly said,"he said that he will pay. However, his divine power is not stable. In the ruins that the inspection Office is in charge of, the recovery of that monster plant requires too much energy. It is unable to provide him with enough spring of life. His divine power is still a little unstable ..."
 "Bullshit!"
 Hu mingfa coldly snorted, but he was just making excuses.
 If others were unstable, then it would be fine.
  People like them had a lot of resources. Even if they could quickly advance to the third or fourth element, as long as they were willing to pay the price, they would be able to stabilize their divine ability.
 Of course, the price to pay was very difficult to bear.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Even if the Jiu Si was as rich as a country, they could not really put all their resources on one person. If that was the case, who would risk their lives for you if you did not give any benefits to others?
 One person's division was not the nine divisions in power.
 All experts needed the spring of life to stabilize themselves when they stepped into the divine power level. How could they have so much spring of life to use?
 At the current stage, the spring of life was needed by all divine powers.
 This also meant that the divine power realm's advancement was actually under the control of the monster plant. This was extremely disadvantageous to superpowers. Anyone with eyes could tell that there was a problem, but everyone could not care about it anymore.
 Hu mingfa angrily shouted a few times, but he quickly calmed down."So, this time the inspection Division and the financial division are not willing to participate?"
 Around them, some were drinking tea, some were drinking wine, but no one spoke.
 It didn't matter if they participated or not. In fact, it didn't matter if there were more or less people.

 After a long while, someone slowly said,""That's not important, and it's not important. What's important now is whether Li Hao is willing to come in."
 This was the key.
 The person who spoke chuckled."If Li Hao isn't willing to come in and wants to kill him outside ... At this stage, unless he's willing to risk everything and attain five-elemental divine power, who has full confidence in not letting him escape?" He's on high alert now, and he has Yao si, hou Xiaochen, and Hong Yitang by his side. It'll be too difficult to kill him directly!"
 "Although he created the situation of a giant energy mine, he has consumed a lot of resources and might have exhausted them. It is said that he even used the spring of life to help those martial masters level up ... But to be honest, it is not normal for a Giant Mine to appear in the ruins."
 It even seemed like an Open Conspiracy.
 I'll throw in 100 million divine energy stones. Li Hao, do you want to make a bet?
 Anyone with a discerning eye could see that there was a problem.
 Hu mingfa furrowed his brows."He's always been bold. He even dared to go to the Xu family for the wind-chasing boots. At that time, he was only at the rising light realm, and the Xu family already had a Divine Art expert. He went anyway. It was a gamble ... Since that's the case, why wouldn't he be willing to pay a high enough price?"
 "It's different!"
 The person who spoke thought for a moment and suddenly laughed."In fact, it's not easy, after all, it's just a divine energy stone ... If it's another divine weapon from the eight great families, do you think he'll be tempted?"
  As soon as he said that, the few of them looked at him.
 Of the eight great families "divine weapons, three had appeared, and they were all with Li Hao's group: the Windchaser's boots, the starry sky sword, and the stone saber.
 The Black Tortoise seal of the Wang family was still in heaven battling city.
 In the outside world, there were at most four divine weapons.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The others looked at him. Right now, they didn't have any divine weapons from the eight great families. Hong Yue was the first one to know about the eight great families "information. Could it be that Hong Yue was willing to use a divine weapon as bait?
 The middle-aged man slowly said,"don't look at me. Ying Hongyue didn't mention it ... But I don't believe that he doesn't want to kill Li Hao. If Li Hao continues to grow like this, he'll be the one who'll be the most threatened. If he wants to lure Li Hao in ... He might need to pay a divine weapon ... Will he refuse?"
 The few of them frowned slightly. This was hard to say.
 No one could guess what Ying Hongyue was thinking.
 "It's already been three days. If we still can't lure Li Hao out, are we really going to wait seven days for Li Hao to trample on the dignity of the nine divisions again?"
 "Is there no hope of killing Li Hao by force?"
 Someone asked.
 "Kill them? Perhaps ... If everyone used all their trump cards, even if they did not rely on the monster plants, there was still hope of killing him, but ... How much would they have to pay? How many people would die? Is everyone willing to pay the price?"
 No one spoke after he said that.
 When they went to the remains, the monster plant made its move.
 It was not dangerous.
 But to kill Li Hao on the ground ... That would require real weapons.
 "The administration department ... Is the old director willing to help?"
 "It's not a matter of whether they're willing or not ... They have to restrain the imperial family. Otherwise, they'll be driving the wolf to swallow the Tiger. Li Hao is the wolf, and the imperial family is the Tiger. Once they make a move, they'll be letting the Tiger out of its cage!"
  The few of them discussed again.  After a while, Hu mingfa from the criminal Division said,""I've negotiated with the monster plant. It's willing ... But on one condition, that is, the divine power stones brought in this time must be left for them!"
 In fact, everyone was already prepared. Otherwise, there was no need to prepare so many divine power stones.
 And the monster plant obviously had to pay a price for its actions.
 The price was the divine power stones that were used as bait this time.
 "Hundreds of millions ... How greedy!"
 Someone laughed coldly. These monster plants wished that they could devour all the divine power stones that Jiusi had collected. If it were not for the fact that they wanted Jiusi to continue helping them collect the stones, they probably would not even be willing to spit out a single drop of the spring of life.
 "Give it to them. If they want the horses to run, how can they do it without giving them some benefits?"
 After some discussion, Hu mingfa finally said,"Now that Li Hao is a transcendent cultivator, his ability to conceal his aura isn't as strong as before, including Hong Yitang ... I called everyone here this time ... Because I want everyone to gather the heaven glimpse fragments, put them together, and use the void projection to probe Li Hao's actual strength ... Just in case!"
 Mirror shards.
 As soon as he said that, everyone thought for a while and did not refuse.
 "This is good! But ... The mirror is broken, so I'm afraid it can't be combined, right?"
 "I can temporarily combine them ..."
 "Alright then!"
 Everyone had made a decision. Know yourself and know your enemy, and you'll be victorious in every battle. Although Li Hao seemed to have failed in his cultivation of the three magical powers, no one knew for sure if he had concealed his aura with a powerful concealment ability.
 Moreover, Li Hao most likely had the mirror fragment. No, he definitely had it.
 Wasn't the mirror fragment the reason why he was able to conceal his cultivation in the North?
 ……
  North City.
 The two thousand soldiers had begun training and were cultivating the ten-Ring Mountain sealing technique.
 As for Li Hao and the others, they returned to the main hall and began to chat and laugh.
 "There's still a little time left, but Jiusi doesn't have much time left!"
 Li Hao sighed with emotion.
 Hong Yitang glanced at him. Four divine abilities? you're so arrogant?
 Be careful not to fail miserably in an easy task!
 He was too lazy to say more and said,""Are you really going to open the sky Star martial Academy?"
 "Of course!"
 Li Hao nodded."Those who dare to come at this time are either desperate, audacious, or have a blood feud with Jiusi. Why don't they open it?"

 At this point, Li Hao continued,"a Martial Arts Academy? it's called a Martial Arts Academy ... But it's not just a Martial Arts Academy! Martial Dao isn't something that can be done in a day or two. I still hope that martial uncle can follow your own ideas ... And cultivate a group of special talents!"
 Hong Yitang frowned slightly."I know what you're thinking, but ... I lack teachers in this area. If you talk about martial arts, there are too many people you can teach. But if you talk about other things, the number of teachers is a big problem."
 "I know,"
 Li Hao nodded."That's why I'm arranging for people to search for the students and teachers of the Heavenly Star ancient Academy who were stranded. This includes the nine Dragon Pavilion ... They've been unwilling to send them over. Today, I'm going to ask for them!" The royal family will not not not give me face at this time and hope that I will fight with the nine divisions. "
 The royal family was dragging their feet. They were probably waiting for the final result.
 But to Li Hao ... Who gave him the chance to wait?
 Hong Yitang nodded slightly.
 Li Hao looked at director Zhou. How's your arrangement?
 Last time, you made a lot of sense. I paid 200 drops of the spring of life for it. What have you done these days?
 Director Zhou saw him look over and revealed a faint smile,"On my side, as long as you can win this round, you will definitely gain a lot! If you go to the ruins ... I'll go to the East. Everything in the East will be settled ... Provided you win!"
  If he lost, then there was nothing else to say.
 If he won, he would naturally win everything.
 Li Hao nodded. This was good too.
 Yao si frowned,"what do you mean?" If Li Hao is going to the remains, won't you go?"
 "Why are there so many people?" director Zhou smiled.
 Yao si frowned.
 She glanced at him. Why was he so confident?
 Li Hao's four-elemental magical powers were indeed powerful, but he was not invincible ... Especially in the remains. He was still in great danger. How could Jiu si be careless in order to kill him?
 Was this guy really at ease?
 Or did it not matter?
 While they were chatting, Li Hao's eyes flickered. He took out a mirror fragment, which was now trembling slightly. Li Hao frowned. What was going on?
 Yao SI's expression slightly changed as he quickly sent a message: ""Be careful. Jiusi might have used other fragments to investigate you ..."
 Li Hao frowned.
 After thinking for a while, the wind and thunder attributes in his body spread out and filled his body. Beside him, Hong Yitang's divine power also spread.
 "What's this?" Hong Yitang asked via voice transmission,"can this thing ... Probe people at will?"
 Li Hao shook his head."I'm not sure. I can do it too, but the range is very small." The nine divisions are so far away from the North City ... They can also investigate?"
  He was a little puzzled.  Yao si explained,"maybe Jiu si combined the fragments ... This mirror, it is said that when it was discovered, there were many fragments. At that time, some people did not care about it and treated it as a normal divine weapon fragment ... So later on, it was scattered. After the recovery of superpowers, the secret was discovered."
 While they were talking, Li Hao vaguely felt that he was being spied on. He immediately frowned.
 It really felt like peeking through a mirror.
 This kind of feeling made people uncomfortable.
 It was obvious that Jiu Si was probing him, and he was even somewhat unscrupulous."I want to probe you, what can you do?"
 Li Hao frowned and didn't say anything.
 Looking to the east, I saw that Jiusi was being very careful. I had already revealed two of my divine abilities, but I still had to investigate.
 He was a little worried. Would the divine power text ... Be discovered?
 He was not sure.
 His own mirror fragment was not enough, but the other party could probe so far. It was either that the other mirror fragments had not combined, or that the other mirror fragment was larger than he had imagined. Li Hao was not sure if he could detect the divine fire and water runes in his body.
 He hid the two divine runes in his internal organs.
 As for the word "exterminate" formed by the sword aura, he concealed it too. It was a hodgepodge. Li Hao used it to collect other techniques that could not be fused with the aura. It was not very useful. It could only be said that it could effectively avoid conflicts between the techniques.
 ……
 In the nine Dragons Pavilion.
 The experts returned, each holding a fragment. The fragments were connected to each other and soon formed a huge screen in the hall. Li Hao's group was on it.
  ? Light spots flickered on their bodies.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com On Li Hao's body, wind and lightning flickered.
 Thunder and fire energy fluctuated on Hong Yitang's body.
 On Yao SI's side, he couldn't see anything. There were only a few superpower locks that faintly appeared. As for how many, he couldn't tell. This was also one of the reasons why martial masters were hard to detect.
 However, this was enough as long as he was a Martial Master. No matter how strong a Martial Master was at the current stage, there was still a limit.
 He then turned to look at hou Xiaochen, who was in a similar state as Yao si.
 In the end, they looked at the light sword and the others ... They could only vaguely see some superpower locks.
 Hu mingfa frowned."That's the only problem with martial masters. However, it's also related to the broken mirror. Otherwise, we could've reflected them completely. Even a Martial Master would be able to see them clearly!"
 The few of them didn't say anything. If it was broken, it was broken. The fragments might not even be complete now, so what was the use of saying all this?
 Mu hai looked at director Zhou and frowned,""This guy is also a Martial Master? I've been in Silver Moon with that Zhao guy for decades, and he's always been as quiet as a mountain. I thought he'd become a super long ago, but he's actually a Martial Master. "

 The few of them looked at director Zhou. On his body, a few superpower locks appeared and disappeared.
 This was indeed the embodiment of a Martial Master.
 As for how strong he was, it was hard to judge. However, he was at least a Martial Master who had already begun to saturated his Super Lock. Otherwise, a weak Martial Master could be directly projected out and could not be blocked.
 "I'm still alright!"
 Hu mingfa heaved a sigh of relief."Li Hao and Hong Yitang are still dual-element god art. Li Hao really didn't break the other superpower locks. Even if he breaks through, he'll be lucky to have three elements. He won't be able to withstand the sudden burst of two elements if he wants to reach four."
 It was still within his expectations.
 "Then release the news and contact Ying Hongyue. First, use the divine energy stone as bait. If it doesn't work ... Then contact Ying Hongyue and provide a divine weapon as bait ... Place it at the most conspicuous place in the ruins. Let him see and sense it when he goes in!"
 ……
 In the courtyard in the north of the city, Li Hao's expression wasn't too good.
 This feeling of being seen through by others made him very uncomfortable.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He looked at the central area and frowned.
 Yao si saw him frowning and comforted him."Jiusi will not keep combining the fragments. They also know that when they are combined, there will be no secrets to speak of for many people. So, the reason why the fragments can not be combined is actually because of our tacit understanding. Except for this time against you ... Unless we meet a common enemy next time, we will not take it out. Otherwise, if we investigate someone's house, wouldn't there be no secrets at all?"
 "Is this the legendary heaven-peeking mirror fragment?"
 Li Hao had heard from little tree that the most famous mirror fragment in the ancient civilization was the heaven-peeking mirror. It was said that it had been broken before.
 "I'm not sure ... It was mentioned in the ancient books, but I'm not sure. The ancient books were too mysterious. They said that the heaven peeking mirror could see everything in the world. It's omnipotent. The fragment we're seeing now doesn't have this ability."
 Li Hao didn't say anything else.
 After a while, Nanquan walked in,""The royal family has just sent a message. The remains provided by the financial division will officially open tomorrow! They invited me to explore with them ..."
 He looked at Li Hao."This relic is generally like this. After you enter, when more than 100 people enter, it will automatically close. You can only come out after five days ... Less than 100 people can enter and leave at any time."
 "There's such a rule?"Li Hao was stunned.
 "Right!"
 Nan Quan nodded."There are many remains, especially the martial arts university. It's a closed school. Once you enter, you have to wait for five days and then take a break before it can be opened again."
 "It can accommodate 100 people?"
 "It's not that it can only accommodate 100 people. It'll be closed if more than 100 people enter!"
 ? "In other words, it doesn't matter if 1000 or even 10000 people go in ..." Nan Quan explained."But if more than 100 people go in, the ruins will be closed. At that time, it can't be opened under normal circumstances."
 Li Hao frowned slightly. A sealed relic was the most troublesome relic. It would be sealed for five days.  Five days, anything could happen.
 Li Hao said in a deep voice,"when you said it's sealed ... You mean you can't go out but can only go in?" For example, if more than 100 people go in ... But no one can come out?"
 Nan Quan nodded,"Yes, we can go in!" "Therefore, it's not completely sealed. It can only be said to be semi-sealed. However, during this process, no one can come out."
 "The number of people who will be exploring the ruins for the first time will definitely be less than 100, and the ruins will continue to be open ... But ... If you choose to enter, I'm afraid ... There will be more than 100 people in an instant!" Nan Quan continued.
 As long as Li Hao entered, the relic would instantly become a sealed relic that he couldn't come out of.
 Inviting the southern Fist to investigate ... He had to admit that he was a very suitable candidate.
 Nan Quan looked at him and asked,"what's your decision?" If I really want to take a gamble ... I'll go in and take a look. In order to lure you in, I'm afraid they'll put some good things in there. Maybe I can take advantage of it ..."
 Otherwise, how could he lure Li Hao?
 Li Hao looked at him. The southern Fist was actually an opportunist, but this time ... Li Hao slowly said,""If you go in ... You might not have a chance to come out ... Of course, you might have a chance to leave before I go in ..."
 "Are you sure you want to go in?" Nan Quan frowned.
 "I'm not sure. I want to see what kind of treasure they can take out to move me, to make me ignore the danger, and to make me go in even though I know it's a trap! Since Jiusi dared to do this, he must have thought that I would definitely be tempted!"
 "In that case ... I also want to satisfy my curiosity!" Li Hao smiled.
 "Then I'll agree?"
 Nan Quan looked at him with a slightly serious expression,""Also, here, don't place your hopes on the eight great families" bloodlines. The eight great families "bloodlines are only useful in Silver Moon, here ... They might not be of any use at all!"
  "I know,"
 "Alright!"
 Nan Quan didn't say anything more. Li Hao wanted to see, and he also wanted to see what good things Jiu si could offer.
 This was an adventure that both sides knew.
 They were not searching for the treasures in the martial arts universities, but to see what the nine divisions could provide.
 It was laughable, but it happened in reality.
 ……
 After Nan Quan left, Yao si let out a breath,""I'll go in with you!"
 Li Hao had made up his mind. Now that he was on the same boat, he would just follow.
 Li Hao shook his head."We need people outside too. If we all go in ... What should we do if our base is destroyed?"

 The night patrolmen were still a powerful force. It would not be good if Yao si left.
 "Let's wait and see!"
 Li Hao smiled."The amount of things they are willing to offer represents how determined they are to kill me. The price they have to pay ... I'm looking forward to it. I hope that Jiusi can bring out some treasures that I can't wait to see!"
 No one spoke again.
 At this moment, no one knew if it was good or bad.
 ……
 The southern Fist went in on the second day.
 This was also the fourth day since Li Hao had spoken. There were still six days before the opening of the star military governor's office.
 If Li Hao decided to go in, he only had one day to consider.
 Otherwise, even if the seal was lifted, it would still take five days. He would not have the time to participate in the opening of the star military governor's office.
  ……
 Heavenly Star City, in a small mountain in the western suburbs.
 The southern Fist was among them.
 With him were 70 to 80 people from the nine divisions, the imperial family, and a few mysterious people.
 However, the number of people was controlled to be less than 100.
 Nan Quan was silent and didn't say anything.
 In front of them, a tunnel had been opened up.
 A door that looked like an energy shield appeared at the end of the tunnel.
 A member of the royal family beside Nan Quan whispered,""Master he, this relic is called Yuanping martial arts university. It's not a big place. It's just a small martial arts university. There weren't many treasures in the previous exploration, but it's well-preserved and the buildings are all intact. "This martial arts university should not have been considered an important University back then ... It was only a middle to low-end University."
 Nan Quan nodded slightly.
 "The ninth Prince said ..." The young man whispered."Master he, you can go in and take a look. There are some things that you shouldn't get too involved in. After you're done ... Whether master he is willing to stay ... Depends on master he's thoughts."
 "I know!"
 Nan Quan didn't say much. When the ruins were opened by someone with a stone-like object, he stepped in directly.
 There was no danger!
 This ruin wasn't too dangerous. Before, it was only sunguang who led the team to explore, so the casualty rate was very low. There weren't any monster plants inside either, but there were some guards.
 Some of them were just puppets, not the remains of soldiers like the heaven battling Army.
 It might be a little threatening to three suns rising light, but it was nothing to an expert like the southern Fist.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The moment he stepped into the ruins, a huge school gate appeared in front of him.
 It was very wide!
 It felt like it was a hundred meters wide.
 Of course, many of the ancient civilization buildings were like this. They looked Grand, but that was not important. This martial arts university had almost no records in the ancient civilization books. It was obviously a run-down school.
 If Magic city's martial Sciences University or capital city's martial Sciences University were to be discovered ... That would be shocking.
 Nanquan looked at the entrance of the University and even saw a few toy-like buildings. He couldn't help but laugh ... Why did it look like an elementary school, teasing children?
 Sure enough, this martial arts university was trash. No wonder the financial division would give it up.
 The door was open at this moment. He stepped in and the others followed him in. Everyone looked at Nan Quan ... As if he was the leader.
 Nan Quan knew what these people were up to, but he didn't say anything.
 He continued to walk forward ...
 The school was very small!
 Yes, Nan Quan had explored some martial arts universities before. This was probably the smallest one he had ever seen. It did not fit in with the huge gate.  The entire school could be seen at a glance.
 There were a total of four small buildings, and none of them were tall.
 Teaching building, training building, residential building, office building.
 "The entire school's surface area is less than 100 mu. Is this considered a martial arts university?
 Southern Fist cursed in his heart!
 Martial arts primary school!
 However, there seemed to be divine power fluctuations in the distance. He hesitated for a moment, but still quickly walked over and crossed a few small buildings ... At this moment, what reflected in Nan Quan's eyes was a bright and shiny area!
 He opened his mouth wide and was a little stunned!
 He turned around and looked at some people. After a long time, he slowly said,""This ... Do we still need to investigate? "Why don't we ... Just say that we found an energy mine ..."
 These people were too obvious!
 It was obviously unbelievable!
 Perhaps it was because the school was too small and there was a small lake behind it, these people directly piled countless divine power stones into it. At this moment, not only Nanquan, but the others were also a little confused.
 Nan Quan sneered. He wanted to continue watching ... But his path was blocked. Two experts appeared, but they didn't speak and just looked at him silently.
 "I want to check if it's real or fake!" Nan Quan's eyes were not kind.
 No one spoke, but the two powerhouses thought for a moment and made way. Nan Quan went forward to pick one up and took a look. He took a slight breath. It's real!
 And in front of him ... There was a mountain of divine power stones. How many were there?
 He couldn't see the end of it!
 You excavated so many divine power stones for me in such a small relic ... F * ck, Jiu si almost told Nan Quan directly that there were only so many divine power stones. Can you attract Li Hao?
 "How many ... Are there?"
 Nan Quan swallowed his saliva. Beside him, a person said indifferently,""It's beyond your imagination. A hundred million!"
 Nan Quan's heart trembled!
 "You ... Are really not afraid of death!" He looked at the person who spoke.
 "These words are for Governor li!" The man was extremely calm.
 "If you don't dare, then you don't need to come!"
 Nan Quan's expression changed. He had gone crazy.
 They were all crazy!
 Jiusi had spent a hundred million divine power stones just to lure Li Hao into this place. This martial arts university was as small as a kindergarten ... Well, it was a little exaggerated, but it did not meet the standards of a martial arts university.
 Other than these divine power stones, there was nothing worth exploring.
  It was said that there were some puppets in the building. He had not found any treasures before and he was too lazy to look at them. At the moment, his mind was full of the one hundred million divine energy stones.
 "Brother he, aren't you going to go out and send a message?"
 Someone looked at him and smiled."There's ... A giant energy mine here. Brother he, are you going to take it all for yourself?"
 Nan Quan looked at him, and the man smiled faintly again.""Don't worry. As long as Governor li comes quickly, brother he will keep an eye on the door ... The people here can enter but not leave. No one will take the treasures away ... The items will always be here!"
 He Yong snorted coldly!
 It was really F * cking extreme!
 "You guys ... Be careful not to leave any ashes behind!"
 "Hmph!" He Yong finished snorting, grabbed a pile of divine power stones, stuffed them into his pocket, and turned to leave ... The eyes of the people behind him twitched. Of course, no one stopped him. He only took dozens of stones ... This guy was just so shameless sometimes.
 He Yong didn't say anything and quickly walked out of the school gate. After a while, he stepped out of the light circle and entered the outside world. He quickly sent a message to Li Hao and then waited in the same place.
 Whether Li Hao would come or not ... Only Li Hao himself knew.

 " 100 million!"
 North City.
 Li Hao's eyes instantly lit up with shock.
 He was really willing to pay a high price!
 One hundred million divine power stones ... Even if there were many forces participating this time, each of them would have to spend at least a few million or even tens of millions.
 Of course, these powers had been established for decades and had started excavating the ruins before the rise of superpowers, but ... There were not many large mines.
 ? 100 million. Even if it was calculated according to military use, it was still 10 million.
 Of course, if it was calculated according to the one that Hong Yitang picked up back then, three Yuan was equivalent to ten thousand Yuan. Such a big one was only thirty thousand Yuan.
 However, in today's era, energy was running low.
 Where did he get so much energy?
  Li Hao's expression changed.
 Nan Quan had said that it was just piled up there without much arrangement. His meaning was clear: the items are here, do you dare to come in and take them?
 Of course I dare!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Senior uncle Hong, come in with me," Li Hao said in a deep voice.
 "Just you two?" hou Xiaochen frowned.
 Are you looking for death?
 Or to die?
 He stood up and said indifferently,"I'll go in this time as well!" It's nothing more than origin source runes, four or five elements magical powers, monster plant clone, and so on ... I'll go and experience it too!"
 Yao si wanted to speak, but in the end, he didn 't.
 Li Hao asked him to stay here and look after the night patrollers. The higher-ups indeed needed a strong person to hold the fort.
 "Yes!" The light sword stood up,"count me in!"
 A smile appeared on Chief Steward Yu's cold face.""Then I'll go too!"
 "You guys are too weak!"
 “……”
 As soon as he said that, Chief Steward Yu's expression changed a little, and the light sword also frowned slightly.
 Hou Xiaochen didn't move at all.
 He was only talking about the two of them.
 "Minister hou, you should stay too."
 “……”
 Hou Xiaochen just looked at him silently, without any emotion.
 Did this mean that ... He had said that he was too weak, and he had included him in his words?
 He just stared at Li Hao with a calm expression.
 When was I considered weak?
 A few days ago, I just killed a few god art Masters. Did you see that?
 I, hou Xiaochen, who would dare to treat me as a weakling in my life?
 Even when the king of the plains was alive, he did not dare to do so.
 Ying Hongyue came to kill Silvermoon, but she didn't dare to underestimate me.
 In the end, he was actually ignored by a young boy. This was a humiliation. His expression changed. He looked at Li Hao for a while, then at Hong Yitang. Did Hong Yitang teach him this?  "One hundred million divine power stones ... That's a big deal."
 At this moment, director Zhou said slowly,"it seems that the ninth Bureau has made up its mind. If you can escape this time ... Li Hao, you can finally stand on your own feet. No matter what you do next, no one will dare to provoke you until the second recovery."
 If he could win this time, even Jiu si would have to shrink back and lick his wounds in silence.
 "Of course!"
 Li Hao also laughed,'I'm going to finish this in one stroke, otherwise ... Why would I be so ostentatious? If he succeeded this time and broke their bones, wouldn't those old guys from the nine divisions be forced to retreat? I'd like to see if the nine divisions will send out their old fellows this time. "
 "That may not necessarily be the case."
 Director Zhou smiled,"these people won't rush in. We still need to suppress the royal family." There should be an expert from the imperial family who has been imprisoned by them. It might be Heavenly Star King ... Otherwise, there's no need for this. "
 "The Heavenly Star King fought with the Jiusi back then and was eventually defeated, giving the Jiusi a chance to rise up. However, a few decades ago, several old secretaries quickly retreated behind the scenes. It should have something to do with that person's counterattack ..."
 Li Hao was already used to it!
 Was it strange that these people were still alive?
 It was not strange at all!
 At this moment, he was rather curious. How many martial masters of the older generation were still alive in Silver Moon?
 It was impossible for Silver Moon to not have a single one of them. The nine divisions and the imperial family were both over a hundred years old, and while Silver Moon was competitive, Yuan Shuo, a seventy-year-old Martial Master, could be considered one of the most senior martial masters in the family.
 Above that, they were all dead?
 Of course, he didn't ask about this.
 He looked at hou Xiaochen and said,"hou bu, if you go in ... I'm afraid ... It won't be easy. If a large number of strong people appear, uncle Hong and I have already broken the lock. You ..."
 Hou Xiaochen only looked at him coldly without saying a word.
 Are you underestimating me?
 "Alright!" Li Hao laughed."Minister hou, you're in!"
 Just as they were talking, someone broke through the air and arrived. He didn't say anything, but he was extremely arrogant, his burly figure blocking the sun.
 At that moment, Tian Jian was wearing a long robe, looking like an immortal.
 On his back, he carried a huge sword, looking particularly out of this world.
 He glanced at Li Hao and said indifferently, let's go!
 “……”
 Without any words or questions, just one sentence, let's go!
 It was as if he had already seen through everything and had come here to kill.
 Li Hao looked at sky sword, who he had met three times.
  For the first time, in the eastern sea, the other party had forced the old Duke back with a single sword strike.
 The second time was in the stellarsky sea. He had killed a transcendent-level expert with a single sword strike. The three great elders of the red moon had surrounded him to kill him, but he had still managed to kill one of them. It could be seen how powerful he was and how unparalleled he was.
 Today, he had come again.
 Without any unnecessary words, he came and said, let's go!
 Li Hao chuckled.
 Heavenly Sword!
 The Overlord of the central continent had come again.
 "Senior Tian Jian ..."
 "You're not leaving?"
 Tian Jian looked at him with some doubt,'there's still a chance to fight in the ruins, but outside ... It might seem easier, but it's actually more dangerous! If you're too strong, you might attract the imperial family and the nine divisions to join forces to kill you ... On the other hand, the relic is more dangerous, but ... The enemies outside are unfamiliar, so it's a good chance to fight!"

 He didn't speak much, but he hit the point with one sentence.
 It might seem safer outside than inside, but that was not the case. If he was not careful, he would attract the attention of many experts.
 On the inside, they might face great trouble ... But if they killed all the enemies inside, the outside world would not know. Even if one of them died, it would be difficult for a second one to appear.
 "Then count senior sky sword in!"
 Li Hao smiled.
 "Then the four of us!" He said.
 Lightsaber wanted to speak, but Li Hao interrupted him.""It's just the few of us. Senior Light sword and Chief Steward Yu can stay behind. I'll have senior Southern Fist stay behind as well ... You guys will work together with the Demon Hunter Army to prevent any unforeseen circumstances. Minister Yao and director Zhou ... This should be enough. "
 Then, he took out a bottle."Here are 100 drops of the spring of life ... If you need to unseal it, you can use it first. I'm afraid I'll only be back in five days."
 After saying this, he took out a bottle and passed it to director Zhou,"This is also 100 drops of the spring of life. If they really need it, yang Shan and Qin Lian can help them advance to the divine power realm if they're willing to sacrifice their lives. It'll be enough for them to stabilize their divine power realm!"
 200 drops!
  Everyone gasped in their hearts. This guy was really heroic!
 Director Zhou was also surprised. He looked at Li Hao.
 How many divine power stones did you use to exchange for a drop of the spring of life?
 You gave me 200 drops, and now you're giving me another 200 drops. Recently, Li Hao has been cultivating, and you've given the Demon Hunters to cultivate ... In total, you've spent 100 drops, right?
 He had spent 500 drops all of a sudden.
 How rich are you?
 Li Hao actually wanted to say that he didn't have much left. He really didn't have much left this time. Currently, he only had a little over a hundred drops.
 It was really almost gone!
 It might seem like a lot, but ... If he and Hong Yitang didn't say anything, shouldn't they leave some for Minister hou and sky sword?
 This time, if they could not get the one hundred million divine power stones, it would be a huge loss!
 "You must know that these springs of life can be sold for 100000 a drop ... Even if no one will buy it, at 40000 to 50000, there will definitely be people who will buy it.
 He would have to wait for a while before he could have a bath in the spring of life.
 At this moment, the Sword of Light frowned slightly, and Chief Steward Yu was also a little dissatisfied.
 What, you think we're weak?
 This was especially so for the light sword. She was a top-notch Martial Master and had absorbed a lot of energy from Li Hao. She had also absorbed a lot of dark-type energy. Now, she had already reached the saturation point of eight of her nine regular meridians. She was still short of the last regular nine locks, but it would be soon.
 Given his current strength, even if he didn't unseal his seal, he wouldn't be able to match up to a divine ability.
 Once it was unsealed, he would definitely have the combat power of another divine ability user.
 You don't even care about divine abilities?
 After complaining in her heart for a while, she didn't say anything else.
 As for Li Hao, he looked at the other three and said with a smile,""Everyone ... Then ... Let's take a walk!"
 "Let's go!"
 Then, the four of them disappeared like a whirlwind.
 Behind him, a large dog also disappeared in an instant without a word. The Black Panther was even lazier now, but every time this happened, the Black Panther would be very bold. No matter how dangerous it was, it would follow.  And that was the only way ... It could not miss out on the benefits every time.
 Ever since they left heaven battling city, the Black Panther had never missed Li Hao's training sessions. However, its strength seemed to have never wavered the moment it left heaven battling city.
 Four people and one dog disappeared in an instant.
 ……
 In the western suburbs.
 On the hill.
 It was as if the void had shattered. In an instant, four people and a dog appeared.
 At this moment, there were people in the valley. Southern Fist was also there. When he saw Li Hao and the others, he was shocked.
 More importantly, they were the only ones here?
 At this moment, the few of them felt an aura engulfing the area. It was the aura of the mirror fragment.
 Someone was observing this place!
 ……
 In the Imperial Palace.
 The heavenly astral King leaned back in his chair, and a scene appeared in front of him. It was the scene in the western suburbs. He took a look and smiled."Heavenly Sword, earthbound sword, demonic sword, bedridden ghost ..."
 Only these four people?
 He didn't expect that Li Hao didn't even bring Yao si and the others in. Was he confident, or did he think that even if he brought them in, it would be useless?
 Below, the princes and princesses were all present.
 Even the seventh Princess of the nine Dragons Pavilion was watching. After a while, she said softly,""Father, will the nine divisions send out any senior secretaries this time?"
 "Yes ... But not too many. Maybe one or two, maybe ... Only one person, in charge."
 The young-looking heavenly astral King chuckled.""But the military law Division and the Division of Administration probably won't go. They won't leave so easily."
 "Then ... Do we need to intervene?"
 The heavenly astral King pondered for a moment, then smiled.""There's no need to send any experts in ... To avoid being besieged. Send some people from the black armored Army to observe and record ... It would be best if they can come out."
  It didn't matter if he couldn't get out.
 Everyone nodded slightly.
 The heavenly astral King chuckled."Continue watching. Let's see who will come after they enter. This time ... I'm afraid it won't just be the Jiusi sect!"
 No one said anything and just watched in silence.
 In the video, Li Hao was very confident. He laughed and said,""Martial uncle Nan Quan, you shouldn't stay here for too long. Go to Tian Xing city, go to the Demon Hunter Army, and help the others defend. Wait for my triumphant return!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "You sure?" Nanquan raised his eyebrows slightly."Are you sure?"
 "Right!"
 Nan Quan thought for a while, smiled, nodded, and flew away.
 In the main hall.
 Someone looked at the ninth Prince and said,""Old nine, Nan Quan is an ungrateful Wolf that can't be tamed. No matter how many benefits he has received from the imperial family, he will never acknowledge the imperial family as his master!"

 This ingrate had been helping Li Hao with his work recently.
 In the Imperial Palace, there were people who were already unhappy with the sight.
 The southern Fist had received many benefits from the royal family.
 Because he wasn't weak, even old nine brought him along when he went to the ruins. That was a place that belonged only to the imperial family.
 The ninth Prince was polite and gentle. He bowed slightly."Third brother is right, but master he has been teaching me martial arts for a long time. In addition, I was a Silver Moon Martial Master, and now that Silver Moon is in trouble, master he is a man of honor ... It can't be said that he is ungrateful to the royal family ... At least, he didn't attack the royal family."
 "That doesn't create value for the royal family!"
 "Alright, that's enough!"
 "Don't argue about this, it's meaningless!"Heavenly astral King said indifferently. You brothers and sisters must work together. Now, the world is in turmoil, and the dynasty that belongs to heavenstar ... Whether it is still surnamed Jiang or not is a problem. "
 Everyone stopped talking.
 He continued to look at the screen.
  On the big screen, after Southern Fist left, Li Hao's group landed on the ground in an instant and headed straight for the light circle at the end of the tunnel. In an instant, the four people and one dog disappeared without a trace.
 At this moment, dozens of people rushed in from the outside!
 In the blink of an eye, some changes appeared in the circle of light. It was like a black hole that could only be entered and not exited.
 At this moment, someone appeared.
 Someone snorted coldly and looked up at the sky as if he was looking at something.
 The heavenly astral King didn't care, but he didn't retract the Shard and continued to wait. Those who came first didn't go in either.
 After a while, more and more figures came from all directions.
 Some were wearing masks, some were completely covered in black robes, some were blurry, and there were even demonic beasts flying through the air.
 The princes and princesses in the hall all took a deep breath.
 "Meritorious Service division Secretary, Criminal Law Division Secretary, etiquette Division Secretary ..."
 The three division leaders had all revealed their true faces and appeared.
 However, to everyone's surprise, the Secretary of the Internal Affairs Division did not appear.
 The Secretary of the financial division also did not appear.
 Of course, other than the inspection Division, the other eight divisions had sent representatives. They were either strong or weak, but even the weakest of them had the strength to transform. At this moment, all of them had grave expressions on their faces, as if they were waiting for something.
 Suddenly, a Prince in the hall took a deep breath.""Stupa Mountain Master? Is it him?"
 At this moment, a figure appeared. His entire body was covered in golden light, and his true appearance could not be seen.
 However, the crowd quickly realized that this could be the stupa Mountain Master. Previously, he was forced to become a super. However, a top-tier Martial Master like him had become a super. In addition, he was also the master of a mountain. Now ... There was a high probability that he was an expert with three magical powers.
 A top-notch expert had appeared in the seven great divine mountains.
 And that extremely fast being that was moving with the wind seemed to be ... The master of sky ROC mountain!
 "The heavenly Peng Mountain Master has also arrived!"
 "And ... That's ... The guys from SuperPower City!"
 At this moment, three figures appeared together. One woman and two men revealed their true appearances. They looked very young.  "There are 12 ancient families in the city of supers, and three of them are powerful ... It seems that Li Hao's killing of the man has angered the city of supers."
 "Have the three major organizations sent anyone?"
 "King Qinguang!"
 At this moment, someone suddenly shouted in a low voice. In the image, a god-like existence stepped through the air. His face was cold and dignified. He looked up at the sky and said coldly,"You haven't seen it?"
 Of the Ten Kings of Hell, King Qinguang was second only to the King of Hell. It was even rumored that King Qinguang's combat power might even surpass the King of Hell 'S. No one had expected that this God would come.
 The princes were also shocked.
 This line-up ... Was really luxurious.
 However, everyone was still waiting.
 Who were they waiting for?
 Red Moon and Fei Tian?
 Just as he was thinking, several more figures appeared. This time, the experts who appeared did not conceal their faces. Everyone was taken aback. After looking at them for a moment, they frowned in surprise.
 Why is it this person?
 The person who came had a charming appearance, but ... Everyone recognized her. She was one of Ying Hongyue's harem members, Cheng Yue, the Black Widow.
 She was only at the peak of the rising light realm. What was the use of her coming?
 Useless, are you here to die?
 But very quickly, heavenly astral King suddenly spoke,""Ying Hongyue is rather interesting!"
 "Father ... The Crimson Moon only came to the orange moon ... This ... Isn't this too careless?"
 "No!"
 The heavenly astral King glanced at the Black Widow on the screen and raised his brows slightly."Ying Hongyue is the one who's really taking this seriously this time!"
 "What?"
 Everyone was puzzled.
  The heavenly astral King didn't say anything more. He took another look and shook his head."The ones who really don't value it are the fairies! The flying heavens is indeed an assassin organization. They don't give many benefits and are unwilling to put in too much effort. Only the Vice Pavilion master of the flying heavens Pavilion, ju que, has come. He's just barely at the divine power level and is here to join in the fun. "
 He shook his head. Out of the three great organizations, the flying heavens was the most realistic.
 This time, only one vice Pavilion master had come. The flying sword immortal didn't seem to care that much. Sending someone here might just be with the intention of reaping some benefits and leaving if there weren't any.
 At this moment, with the arrival of the experts from the three large organizations, no one moved.
 In fact, there were already many powerhouses at this time.
 Three of the secretaries had come personally. In addition, King Qinguang, the stupa Mountain Master, and the sky ROC Mountain Master had come. This kind of strength was already extremely powerful.
 However, they seemed to think that it was not enough.
 At this time, the heavenly astral King suddenly sat up straight.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com A person floated down from the sky.
 The heavenly astral King's eyes flickered. Some of the princes didn't recognize him, but someone's expression changed slightly. "He's hosting this time?"

 The seventh Princess saw that the ninth Prince didn't seem to know her either. Seeing that no one was paying attention, she said,""Old nine, this is the old Secretary of the Department of Commerce. He hasn't shown himself in the past few years. He didn't even show up in the previous battle ..."
 The ninth Prince instantly understood.
 It was no wonder he was not familiar with the old Secretary of the Department of Commerce. The Department of Commerce was in charge of all the trade and commerce in the world. It was said that before the Department of Commerce was established, this old Secretary was a famous magnate in the world!
 The SI Hai Group of the financial division was nothing compared to him.
 And now, the Department of Commerce controlled half of the world's largest financial groups.
 Clothing, food, housing, and transportation were almost all monopolized, including the cars they drove and the houses they lived in. They were all led by the Department of Commerce, which was much richer than the SI Hai Group. However, they were not as eye-catching as the SI Hai Group and were not as hated as the latter.
 "The Department of Commerce and Li Hao ... Are there such deep grudges? This person is personally taking action ..."
 "No, it's just that the others might not be willing to help. "The finance and patrol divisions don't care about it. The administration and military law divisions are the main forces restricting us. The meritorious Examination Division, the rites division, and the criminal law Division Secretary are all here. Only the Internal Affairs Division. I don't know what situation mu hai is in ..."
 With the arrival of this old Secretary of the Department of Commerce, Sky Star King also pondered for a moment. After a moment, he slowly said,""Qian Wanhao is actually here. I thought that the financial division would be here this time."
 The Liu father and son of the financial division had been invisible recently and had not appeared at this time.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This was even more difficult to understand than the inspection Office.
 ,m As for the Internal Affairs Division, what did the Heavenly Star King know about the situation? because his daughter was captured, that fatty mu hai felt that the Jiusi and the royal family did not care about it. He was holding back his anger in his heart, so why would he participate in it? he could not wait for the Jiusi to suffer a great loss!  "Everyone should have arrived!"
 The heavenly astral King had just finished speaking when he suddenly stood up, his eyes instantly turning cold!
 An aura instantly suppressed the surroundings!
 At this moment, the other princes and princesses were also slightly stunned. They all looked at the person who appeared on the screen.
 It wasn't just them. Everyone present seemed to be very surprised as well!
 ……
 In the western suburbs.
 A man walked through the air with a cold expression. He was wearing a yellow robe and a crown. He looked at Qian Wanhao from the Department of Commerce and nodded his head slightly."Senior secretary Qian, you don't mind, right?"
 The slightly bloated old Secretary looked at him and was slightly surprised.""King ding Shan is ..."
 Your Highness!
 Out of the nine Kings of the imperial family, the king of the plains had died, and there were only eight kings left.
 At this moment, King ding Shan had come.
 He had an upright appearance and was somewhat serious. He said calmly,""Hong Yitang killed my Royal brother. Let me take a look. Among the nine Kings, only the King of the plains and I share the same mother. The other royal brothers probably don't want to show themselves ... I'll do it!"
 Everyone was surprised, but they didn't say anything.
  The nine Kings of the royal family were all of the same generation as the Heavenly Star King. They were all Blood Brothers and the sons of the previous Heavenly Star King. As for the previous King ... He was gone. No one knew who killed him.  The previous Heavenly Star King had later enfeoffed his nine sons. Only the King of Pingyuan and this one were born from the same concubine.
 This generation of the imperial family was also full of talents.
 The current Heavenly Star King was also a man of great talent and strategy. The nine Kings were all top-notch experts, and in the past, they had even led the black armor Army to battle everywhere. The king of Pingyuan had established the Heavenly Star guards Army, and this King ding Shan in front of him had also led troops to battle in all directions in the earlier years.
 Qian Wanhao laughed."That's good. Since King ding Shan is here, then almost everyone is here."
 With him, four new and old secretaries, two mountain chieftains, one king, three organizations, three God Realm experts from SuperPower City, and the other divisions ...
 Just the number of divine powers alone had exceeded the total of the previous times.
 The key was not in these divine powers, but in the fact that they had brought some monster plant clones with them.
 How difficult would it be for such a force to kill Li Hao's group of four?
 As for Qian Wanhao, he was mainly looking at King ding Shan and Cheng Yue.
 This was especially true for chengyue ... Although many people felt that Ying Hongyue didn't pay much attention to her, Qian Wanhao took a few more glances at her and nodded his head slightly. He was a little shaken. This time, Ying Hongyue was really going all out.
 It seemed that this fellow was really unable to sit still.
 "Everyone's here ... Let's go in!"
 He looked at the vortex in front of him and smiled.""In case the demonic sword gets excited when it sees so many divine power stones and goes in. It'll be hard to find it then."
 Everyone burst out laughing!
 The next moment, the group of more than thirty people entered the vortex together.
  The western suburbs instantly fell silent.
 Not long after, more experts appeared. However, they did not enter and only waited outside.
 If everything went well ... It wouldn't take long to kill Li Hao, but regardless of whether he succeeded or not, he would still need five days to come out.
 He had to be careful of the royal family in the next five days.
 However, one of the royal family's princes had gone, so he didn't know what the heavenly astral King was thinking.
 ……
 In the Imperial Palace.
 The heavenly astral King was silent. Someone cursed in a low voice,""Royal uncle Dingshan ... Really ... No rules!"
 This time, the royal family said that they would not participate, but King ding Shan went, obviously not putting King Tian Xing in his eyes.
 The heavenly astral king only silently glanced at the person who spoke, and that Prince immediately trembled in fear. After a long time, the heavenly astral King slowly said,""It doesn't matter. The younger brother of the king of the plains has died, so it's normal that he doesn't understand! However, if the royal family wanted to rise again, sacrifice was inevitable! He'll understand sooner or later!"

 The heavenly astral King didn't want to say more and avoided the topic. He said indifferently,""Be prepared. If Li Hao doesn't come out in five days, Jiusi will definitely make a move on Yao si and the others. Let's see if silver Moon will send anyone else this time ..."
 No matter what the result was, it was a profit for him.
 It was a dog-eat-dog fight, and it would be the same even if they all died.
 It's best if both sides are injured!
 He was happy to see such a scene.
 "Father, Li Hao took away some people from the ancient academy from the nine Dragons Pavilion ..." The seventh Princess said.
 "If Li Hao can't come out, we'll kill them in secret!"
 It's good that you don't leave it for Jiusi!
 He didn't say anything more and turned to leave.
 Now, she couldn't see it, and she didn't need to see it anymore.
  Seeing this, everyone waited for him to leave before slowly leaving.
 As for the heavenly astral King, he had entered the backyard. A small tree extended over, and his mind fluctuated slightly."They all went in?"
 "Yes."
 "Yes." The heavenly astral King nodded slightly."This time, I wonder how many monster plants have been mobilized."
 Little tree seemed to be smiling."That Li Hao. Since he dares to make a move, he must have something to rely on. No matter what, let's wait and see."
 "This martial arts university ... Might not be as simple as it looks. I hope nothing will happen." He added.
 "Not simple?"
 "It's just a very small martial arts university. It's only a name. The financial division didn't get any benefits before ..."
 "It's called Yuanping martial arts university, right?"
 "Yes."
 "I'm not too sure either ... When this martial arts university was established, there wasn't much special about it, but ... When it was established, the star Army's commander went there to congratulate it ... Under normal circumstances, for a small-scale martial arts university like this, it's already giving face by sending a division commander, let alone a regimental commander!"
 "That's not all." He continued,"if I remember correctly, that day ... Even the powerhouses from the eight major cities went to congratulate him! "There are many martial science universities in the Silver Moon land. There are even some branches of top-notch martial science universities in the Silver Moon ... However, on the sky Star Island, the most famous one should be the sky Star martial science University. The others are all small-scale martial science universities ... On the day that the sky Star martial science University was established, people from the eight main cities also came, but they were all weaklings ..."
 After saying this, the small tree swayed a little,""You also know that the sky Star Island was only a mine in the past. The entire Silver Moon land was only one of the human race's territories. There are some things that I'm not too sure about. Perhaps ... The other party came from the origin world?"
 Heavenly astral King frowned,"you've mentioned the origin world several times, what do you mean?" Could it be that the entire dynasty and the four Seas and eight wastelands aren't all the territories of the ancient civilization?"
 The small tree seemed to be laughing, mocking, or reminiscing.
 "You have to know ... This ... Is only the land of the Silver Moon!" He said.
 The heavenly astral King frowned again.
 "You still don't understand. Here, there are eight great clans. The Li clan, the strongest clan in the past, was only one of the venerable sovereign clans. The so-called heaven battling city was just a branch of the venerable sovereign. In the past, the ancient king had unparalleled combat strength and countless strong cultivators followed him ... After unifying the world, he remained silent for a thousand years. When he came out again, he went deeper into the mountains ..."
 At this point, he seemed to be a little afraid of talking about it, so he didn't continue. He only reminded,""You must know that everything is just the beginning. Only by opening the Stargate can you see the true ancient civilization!"
 "The eight great families guard the stargates ... The Ying Hongyue you mentioned must have gathered the bloodlines of the eight great families for this purpose ..."
 The heavenly astral King was silent.
 After a long time, he suddenly said in a low voice,"I ... Will definitely sweep the world and restore the glory of the ancient civilization!"
 “……”
 The sapling did not speak, but he was mocking in his heart.
 The glory of the ancient civilization?
 You?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com You would never know how glorious the ancient civilization was at its peak!
 In the land of Silver Moon, there were tens of millions of soldiers. There were no less than a thousand generals at the peak!
 What a glorious era it was!
 And now ... We're counting on you to restore the glory of the ancient civilization?
 What a joke!
 It did not say anything else. As The Guardian monster plant of the royal family, it was the closest to the water and enjoyed the moonlight first. Over the years, it had absorbed a lot of the divine power stones of the royal family. Compared to other monster plants, it had recovered more. That was why it could barely cross the ruins and extend its psyche power to this place.
 It did not care about the others, but it was slightly curious about Yuanping martial arts university.
 In his memory, this University was very mysterious.
 Very few students would leave, and even if they did, they would not stay in Silvermoon land. It was said that there were less than 1000 students at the peak of a small martial arts university.
 p "Is there ... A secret there?"  It thought to itself, but it stopped communicating with Sky Star King. It quickly retracted its spirit energy and returned to the ruins. Underground, in a Grand Hall, a beautiful rose bloomed.
 There was also an old man in a yellow robe sitting in the center of the hall.
 At this moment, it was as if his body was locked by nine chains, and he could not move.  The mental energy that had turned into a small tree returned, and the old man opened his eyes."Can it be broken?"
 "Not for the time being. The two of them haven't left yet!"
 The old man frowned and closed his eyes again without saying anything.
 ……
 At the same time.
 In the ruins.
 Li Hao strode in and looked at the small martial arts university. He was a little surprised.""The southern Fist said it was small ... I didn't expect it to be so small!"
 There were only a few small buildings.
 There seemed to be courtyard walls built all around.
 The sky was dark.
 At the school gate, a few figurines stood. They gave Li Hao a feeling that they were neither majestic nor terrifying. It was as if he had entered a kindergarten.
 At this moment, there was someone inside.
 However, they all hid and did not show their faces.
 Li Hao didn't care. He strode inside, and little tree's voice rang in his ears. Little tree's mental power began to spread out, as if he was slightly afraid."Li Hao ... We can't stay here for long!"
 Li Hao's heart moved. Why?
 "This place ... Is extremely terrifying!"
 The small tree seemed to be trembling."I can already sense a terrifying aura ... This place ... Might not be without an owner! You have to be careful ... Don't touch anything here. You have the bloodline of the revered sword artist, so you might be able to protect yourself. If you don't touch anything here ... You might be fine!"
 Li Hao was greatly shocked.
 Terrifying?
 This small martial arts university had been described as a great horror by little tree. One must know that little tree didn't seem to be so afraid even when he went to heaven battling city.
 "This ... Isn't this a martial arts university?"
 "Yes ..."
 Little tree examined the surroundings slightly and said with a slight tremble,""I don't know where the danger is coming from. My father might ... Might have had some experience in this area. I only feel some fear from the depths of my memory ... You have to be careful. The danger this time might not come from the outside world ..."
 Li Hao's expression instantly turned serious.
 This was a peak monster plant.
 The other party, on the other hand, was filled with fear.
 Little tree's father was The Guardian monster plant of the Imperial Palace.
 He had seen top figures before!
 Li Hao once again looked into the campus. It was still quiet and peaceful. Four small buildings stood tall. Upon closer inspection ... The arrangement of the small buildings was somewhat like a person's two eyes, nose, and mouth.
 He didn't say anything and quickly walked inside. He transmitted his voice to the others,""Be careful, don't touch anything here ... There might be big trouble! The remains that the financial division gave away ... May not be a good place!"
 Sky sword and the others shivered slightly, but none of them said anything. They followed Li Hao and quickly walked inside.
 ……
 At the same time.
 The Financial Secretary.
 Liu Yunqing leaned back in his chair and looked toward the western suburbs. He heard his father's voice,""Did experts die in those ruins?"
 "Why do you say that, father?"
 "I remember that you went with Yang Liu last time, and he didn't come out ... Is He Dead?"
 "Yes."
  The old Secretary was silent for a long time before he said,""As expected, I guessed it! It seems that you are still not satisfied ... Forget it, pretend that you don't know anything. That is only a grade two relic. Kill all those who know about Yang Liu!"
 "I know."
 Liu Yunqing did not say anything, but he revealed a smile.
 Li Hao, the nine divisions, the royal family, the three great organizations ...
 Last time, Li Hao was the main culprit for the destruction of the SI Hai Group, but those guys were not good people either!
 This time ... Go and eat shit!
 It would be best if they all died!
 A grade two relic?
 Looking at the scale, it's a terrible place, but you'll know how terrifying it is when the time comes!
 He stood up and chuckled. He looked at the inspector, then at the military law Division and the Division of Administration. He felt a little regretful that none of the powerful figures from these three forces had gone, especially the inspector. None of them had gone ... What a pity!

