fileno%d
ttling city.
 This was the first remains that Li Hao had entered, and it was also the one that he had come into contact with the most. He even held the position of a division commander here.
 The revival of many people in this city actually had a lot to do with Li Hao.
 Today, Li Hao stepped into it again.
 The heaven-battling Army guarding the city was no longer the 9th Division of the 9th Division, but another heaven-battling Army. Obviously, another group of people in the city had recovered.
 They weren't familiar with Li Hao, but they knew that he was their teacher, and they saluted him in the same way.
 Li Hao didn't enter the city, nor did he talk to general Huai. He just greeted him and went to the city gate.
 At the city gate, there was a new silver-ranked Captain.
 He was just a little curious, curious about Li Hao. After entering this place, he stood at the city gate in a daze.
 Yes, Li Hao was looking at the two characters, Zhan Tian.
  This time, he didn't draw any blood to see what was inside.
 He just silently felt the charm of these two words.
 Zhan Tian!
 It was said that the blood Emperor was the reincarnation of heaven battling city, one of the four great ancient emperors. However, the blood Emperor did not think of himself as the other party and had never admitted that he was the heaven battling Emperor.
 Therefore, in this city, he had given the two words "heaven battling city," hoping that heaven battling city could inherit his will. It seemed that he attached great importance to heaven battling city, not the kind that didn't care.
 The blood Emperor was the one who divided the world into eight parts and then United them.
 In the ruins of Saturn city, Yu Hai said that he had found the point that Divided heaven and earth into eight. Perhaps it was true.
 But ... What did he leave behind that day?
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
 He didn't see much in the flash of the image that day. He wasn't sure if the blood Emperor had left anything behind.
 However, he knew that the two words 'Zhan Tian' were written by the blood Emperor himself.
 It was written with emotion.
 To Li Hao, these two words might be the real treasure.
 ,m If the blood Emperor had left something behind, could it be related to the two words?  ……  In the distance, director Wang was conversing with general Huai.
 Not long after, the two of them rose into the air and went straight into the city.
 Soon, a group of people gathered in the city Lord's mansion.
 The old turtle, general Huai, the 9th Division commander Li Daozong, and the recently revived 8th Division commander. In addition, Zhang Liang from the supply department had also been promoted to Division Chief and had changed into the Golden armor.
 In heaven battling city, only 100000 reserve soldiers were left behind.
 It was said that the commander of the guards was still alive, and he had even stepped into the sage realm, but he had yet to appear so far. Perhaps he hadn't fully recovered yet, so heaven battling city was the normal situation.
 Without too much energy reserves, it was extremely difficult for a Saint to recover after 100000 years by relying on the natural recovery energy of the world.
 At this moment, director Wang explained the situation.
 He didn't mention the ruins of Star Town.
 He only told them about what had happened in boundless city.
 After he finished, the old turtle sighed with solemnity.""Boundless city ... The three saints have completely recovered! From this point of view, regardless of whether there was any direct evidence of rebellion, the Zheng family was indeed facing a huge problem! I'm just the soul of a divine weapon. It's as difficult as ascending to the heavens for general Huai to recover, let alone me. If not for Li Hao's support, I'm afraid he'd only just woken up and wouldn't have much battle strength ..."
 The eighth division commander, who had just recovered, wasn't familiar with Li Hao. At this moment, he was wearing golden armor and said solemnly,""Is it possible that endless city has a lot of energy stored in reserve, so when the sky changed, it did not quickly fall into silence? From Wang Ye's description, we have no way to directly prove that the other party is a rebel force. "
 "That Zheng Gong humiliated a Supreme martial artist," Wang Ye said directly."It doesn't matter if he was a rebel back then or not. He dared to speak rudely to a Supreme martial artist. He's doing the same now!"
 "You've changed your Dao and body," the eighth division commander said rudely."You've joined Li Hao's side. Your words are not trustworthy!"
  Wang Ye's face changed, looking somewhat unsightly."Eighth division commander, you can't say such things! Moreover ... I suspect that there are also other pawns of the other party in heaven battling city ..."
 "You're talking about me?"
 "If I'm the enemy's chess piece, you're Li Hao's chess piece. You're the chess piece that deliberately caused internal strife in the eight main cities!" I'm just raising a reasonable question, and you're throwing dirty water at me?"
 At the side, Zhang Liang coughed lightly and said in a low voice,""I think ... Director Wang has no need to lie to us. Besides, Li Hao ... I don't think he would deliberately go against new martial arts for no reason. He's not that kind of person."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As soon as he said this, the eighth division commander looked at him.
 Zhang Liang smiled and said nothing more.
 The ninth master, who had been silent all this time, said after a moment of silence,""Then what is Li Hao's intention for coming here with you today?"
 Wang Ye quickly said,"Li Hao's idea is simple. Since the Zheng family has betrayed us, where are the main forces of the Zheng family, such as Zheng Hongyuan and Zheng Yu, if they're not in boundless city? This means that there's another ancient city, at least one ancient city with rebels ... He hopes that we can join forces with him to destroy or weaken the other party!"
 Wang Ye continued,"the other party didn't fall silent from the beginning. The immortal of that year may have become a saint, and the Saint of that year may have become a Heavenly King ... And Zheng Hongyuan was a Heavenly King in the early years. Even if he hasn't become a venerable sovereign now, he may have walked a long way on the path of Heavenly King!"
 "It's very difficult to deal with them now, but it'll be even more difficult once the world recovers!"

 As Wang Ye spoke, he looked at the crowd."Now, we'll cooperate with Li Hao. He still has a large number of mineral resources. If we absorb them, we might be able to recover a lot of our combat power. General Huai can even recover to his peak state!" If we can catch them off guard ... We might still have a chance. "
 Everyone was silent.
 A Heavenly King ...
 Director Wang continued,"without the support of the natural source, there is a difference between a Heavenly King and a Saint, but the difference is not as great as it was in the past!" Other than venerable sovereigns, everyone else needs the support of the great Dao of origins to have great power!"
 The old turtle said softly, Li Hao wants us to take down another main city with our main bodies? Is it the Liu Clan's Hurricane city or the Zhou clan's Galaxy city?"
 "It depends on the situation ... I can't be sure yet!" Said Wang Ye.
 The few of them fell into silence again.
 The ninth Division commander thought for a moment and said,""What if we refuse?"
 "If you refuse ..."
 Director Wang glanced at everyone."It's nothing. It's just that ... In the future, there will be a huge gap between us and the current Silvermoon citizens. Li Hao won't fall out with us. I understand him, and he won't do that. But ... From now on, heaven battling city and the other main cities will probably be no different."
  "Do the neo martial artists still need to rely on them?" the eighth division commander said coldly.
 "You've just recovered, and you don't know anything. If you don't know anything, then shut up!"Wang Ye said in annoyance. Was the boundless city not strong? What was the result of the three saints at their peak? "Neo martial is neo martial, you are you, and we are us. If you still have the thought that neo martial is invincible, you can continue to sleep!"
 The eighth division commander was speechless. He snorted and didn't say anything else.
 "Hmph!" Wang Ye also snorted,"I'll investigate you later!"
 "Hmph!"
 "Hmph!" The eighth division commander snorted coldly."You're not qualified to investigate me!"
 Director Wang didn't stand on ceremony,"the 9th Division commander is in charge of the reserve guards, I'll get him to investigate you!"
 “……”
 The eighth division commander was too lazy to pay attention to him and no longer said anything.
 The two saints looked at each other and fell into deep thought.
 With a Sage-like appearance, general Huai stroked his beard and slowly said,""Times are different now. Li Hao can be considered the king of the new era. He has always been cooperating with heaven battling city, and he is currently the commander of the 11th Division of heaven battling city, which I recommended! "It's also closely related to new martial. If Zheng family betrays us, cooperation ... Is not impossible. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "However, if we want to deal with the other families of the eight main cities, we have a condition ... If we can prove that they are not rebels, not only can we not help them, but we can also restrict them!"
 Director Wang thought for a moment,"in other words, if we can prove that the other party is a rebel, general Huai is willing to help?."
 "They're all rebel soldiers, why don't they do anything?"general Huai chuckled.
 Director Wang frowned."It's hard to get evidence. The other party also knows how to fake it ... I feel that it's not a matter of whether we can prove it or not. It's just that once we confirm that the other party is at the peak of his strength, and we can't explain why he is at the peak ... Then we should attack! It doesn't matter if it's a misunderstanding or not, it's not wrong to take him down first!"  "My heaven battling city isn't considered weak among the eight great families, right?" What's our situation? There was still the turtle Guardian. It was only because the turtle Guardian was the soul of a divine weapon that it could remain conscious. What right did the others have? Even so, the recovery of my heaven battling city is as difficult as ascending to the heavens, so what right do they have to be faster than us? I feel that ... As long as they are stronger than us, there will be a problem!"
 These words might have been arbitrary, but at this moment, everyone thought about it and didn't say anything.
 That's right!
 Heaven battling city's old turtle had actually been conscious the entire time. He was the soul of a divine weapon and was immortal, but even so, he had experienced a period of weakness, so how could the others be stronger than him?
 Seeing that everyone was silent, director Wang continued,""Therefore, in any case, we do not need solid evidence to prove anything. So many years have passed. Are our enemies idiots? Why would he leave any written evidence for you to take out? If we're so inflexible, what's the difference between us and the origins era or even the early martial era?"
 "Call Li Hao over," the ninth Division commander said."We have our own plans!"
 When director Wang heard that, he didn't say anything.
 He was only expressing his opinion and what he had seen and heard. As for the details, Li Hao was still needed to discuss them.
 ……
 A moment later, Li Hao walked into the hall.
 Looking at the crowd, he nodded slightly and smiled. They were all acquaintances. Other than the Golden-armored warrior who might have just recovered, he recognized the rest.
 "Ninth master,"
 "I'm sorry for the death of my clone ..."Li Hao looked at the ninth master and said with a smile.
 "I'm fine. "
  The ninth master's tone was as calm as ever."It's just an avatar, not worth mentioning. I heard that you can kill a saint now. That's something to celebrate!"
 He was as cold as ever.
 He had never been warm to Li Hao either.
 "I was just lucky."
 Li Hao said courteously. Before they could continue, he said,""Furthermore, he's only a Sage now and not a Sage with an origin. There's nothing to be proud of for killing a Sage."
 “……”
 I said you were fat, and you're still panting?
 The ninth Division commander cursed silently but did not say anything.
 The old turtle smiled. He pointed at a seat and motioned for Li Hao to sit down.
 Li Hao didn't stand on ceremony. He sat down on a chair and said directly,""I came here for two purposes! The first is to find a possible traitor, and the second is to reach an agreement with heaven battling city. "

 The eighth division commander was a little annoyed.""How can there be a traitor in my heaven battling city?"
 Li Hao smiled and said,"this ..."
 "Reserve 8th Division commander Yang Wei!"
 The eighth division commander's tone was cold."We, heaven battling city, have the inheritance of the blood Emperor. We are the strongest supporters of new martial arts. No one will betray us!"
 "It's hard to say,"
 Li Hao said softly,"division commander yang, the eight major cities are all loyal followers of neo martial, but ... People's hearts will change." It was just a precaution. He wasn't referring to a deer as a horse, and he wasn't afraid of his shadow tilting! I'm just helping heaven battling city to confirm the situation. If there's nothing, that would be for the best! If there is, it can be prevented in advance and remove hidden dangers. Since when has neo martial arts become so stubborn and inflexible?"
 Li Hao frowned slightly."I read from books that everyone says that neo martial arts is an existence that dares to take responsibility for their actions, fight, kill, and fight!" "But now, many of the new martial artists I know are different from what the books describe. Overconfidence is arrogance!"
 The eighth division commander still wanted to say more, but general Huai interrupted him,""Maybe it's because she's been sleeping for too long and hasn't fully recovered, so her mind is worse than it was in the past. You know, it's normal for a person's mind to be less active after sleeping for too long."
 It smiled and said,"what's the second point?" Can you tell me more about it?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao laughed."General Huai is wise indeed. As expected of a Guardian!" He said.
  After saying so, he said,"cooperating with heaven battling city is actually quite simple. Heaven battling city will help me deal with some powerful Masters. It's as simple as that!" And I will do my best to help you recover to the peak of your combat strength! If you want to change to a new Dao, I will also fully support you! In fact, it's a matter of mutual benefit. It's not about who's taking advantage of who. I've had this idea since the beginning. "
 The few of them pondered for a while, and the ninth master said directly,""We have some restrictions outside. You seem to be able to bring our true bodies out. Our actions will be restricted by you, but we hope to obtain relative freedom ..."
 Li Hao laughed."The ninth master has an old friend outside. Do I need to meet him?"
 The ninth Division commander looked at him coldly. The way this guy talked about his old friend was very mysterious.
 Seeing this, Li Hao shook his head helplessly. This person was not a joking person. He was cold all day long.
 "Of course,"
 He nodded his head.
 "In an unclear situation, you only kill and speak," the ninth Division commander continued.
 "Sure."
 "The starry sky sword has been shattered. If you can open the Stargate one day, you need to send us away and help us find the origin world ..."
 "No problem," he said.
 Li Hao agreed readily.
 The things that the ninth Division commander had mentioned were actually all trivial matters.
 The ninth Division commander was silent for a while."One last point. If ... The Stargate can't be opened, we need a piece of land that belongs to neo martial!" He said.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 After thinking for a while, he said,"that works!" It's not a big problem, but there's a condition-obey the laws of heavenstar!"
 "Of course."
  The ninth Division commander nodded.  At this moment, the old turtle and general Huai didn't say anything, as if they had silently agreed.
 "It's said that the commander of the reserve guards is still alive," Li Hao said."He's sleeping in the city. Is that true?"
 The ninth Division commander nodded."That's true. It's just that ... The commander tried to leave by force back then and was badly injured. Later, he fell into a deep sleep and has not shown any signs of recovery. So, I've been acting as the commander all these years."
 "A Sage?"
 "Yes, early stage of the Saint realm ..."
 Li Hao nodded."Then can I see her?"
 As soon as he said that, the few of them looked at each other. A commander who had not recovered?
 After a long time, the old turtle spoke."That's possible ... But ... He hasn't recovered yet. He might not be able to communicate with you."
 Li Hao nodded."In that case, there are only three saints in heaven battling city at the moment. If the ninth Division commander is included, there might be Four Saints, right?"
 "Yes."
 "Guardian turtle and general Huai's original bodies are both here. The ninth Division commander doesn't have a physical body. Are you going to continue your new Dao or re-forge a physical body for a new martial artist?"
 "Neo martial body!"
 The ninth Division commander did not hesitate.
 Li Hao nodded."That's fine. I happen to have a damaged Heavenly King body. Director Zhang said that he doesn't need it anymore ... With director Wang's previous body, I can forge a powerful body for the 9th Division commander!"
 Hearing this, the few of them fell silent.
 In fact, they knew about Zhang an's Heavenly King-to-be body. Now ... Did Zhang an not want it?
  Did he not want it anymore, or did Li Hao feel that there was no need to give it to him?
 Seeing that they were silent, Li Hao smiled."It's not that I want to take it. It's director Zhang who said he doesn't want it anymore. He said that he wants to go back to Yuanping martial arts university and doesn't need this body anymore."
 "Sure!" The ninth Division commander did not refuse.
 There wasn't much courtesy between the two sides, and there was no need to.
 Seeing this, Li Hao also smiled. Finally, he suddenly said,""I still have a request that's hard to say. I wonder if you can agree to it?"
 Everyone's expression turned grave.
 The old turtle seemed to know something and said in a deep voice,""This ... Isn't appropriate!"
 Li Hao didn't say anything.
 The eighth division commander was not familiar with Li Hao and did not know the situation at all. He was at a loss. Just a moment ago, the two sides had been having a good conversation. How did it suddenly become inappropriate?
 "Can I borrow it?" Li Hao said softly.

 "This is the root of heaven battling city!" General Huai said in a deep voice. It's a soul!"
 Li Hao nodded."I know. But all of this is to eliminate the enemy, isn't it?"
 The two guardians fell silent.
 "You can take it away?" the ninth Division commander asked.
 "Not necessarily. We can try."
 Director Wang seemed to have understood and was a little nervous,"this ... This is the foundation of my heaven battling city, and also the source of heaven battling city's strength ..."
 Li Hao rolled his eyes and said helplessly,"can heaven battling city be used?" Can you comprehend anything?"
 As soon as he said this, the few of them were speechless.
 "What are you guys talking about?" the eighth division commander couldn't help asking.
 "Governor li wants to borrow the two words 'heaven-battling'," the old turtle said softly.
  "How can we do that!"
 "What?" the eighth division commander was annoyed."That's written by the venerable sovereign himself. It's also the place where fate is suppressed in the war ..."
 Li Hao said softly,"I'm borrowing it for a while. It was left behind by the blood Emperor. It might be related to something. I'll return it after I've dealt with some problems!"
 "That won't do either!"
 Li Hao smiled."Eighth division commander, why are you so resolute? I'm just borrowing ... Of course, the minority is subordinate to the majority. This is a tradition of heaven battling city!" Apart from the eighth division, who else would refuse? If it's more than half ... I won't lend it anymore. Two guardians, Division Chief Zhang Liang, director Wang, two division commanders, plus me, seven people. If four of them reject, I'll give up. "
 "You ..."
 "I'm the 11th Division commander. Can't I participate?"
 The eighth division commander was speechless!
 Four rejected!
 At this moment, everyone was lost in thought. Li Hao smiled and said,""Let's be straightforward. If you refuse, raise your hands to vote now. Those who disagree, raise your hands!"
 “……”
 ,m The eighth division commander gritted his teeth. He could even borrow this?  He quickly raised his hand!
 He looked around, but ... He was alone.
 He looked at Zhang Liang. This person also agreed?
 Zhang Liang didn't even look at him. Li Hao was the one who had helped him get his position as the division Chief. It was indeed important for him to borrow the name "Zhan Tian," but ... It was only a loan, not a take, so there was room for discussion.
 The 8th Division commander was a little angry."Then we have to gather the other division commanders. Some of the revived directors and the Army commanders. We have to discuss this!"
 Have these people been bewitched by Li Hao?
  It was the most important thing in heaven battling city. Whether it could be used or not, it was the symbol and core of heaven battling city. It was the only proof left by the blood Emperor.  "He can't be resuscitated for the time being," Li Hao said."We can only vote!"
 "You ..."
 Li Hao frowned slightly."It's fine that you don't know me well. You'll understand me sooner or later!" If I say I'm borrowing it, I'll return it! If I don't return the money, are you all idiots who will agree to it so easily? "Eighth division commander, as a soldier, I think we should focus on fighting and suppressing the enemy instead of acting willfully. I'm not asking you to betray new martial arts. There's no need to keep doing this. If you don't understand, then listen more and see more. What do you think?"
 The eighth division commander was slightly stunned. After a moment, he snorted and did not say anything else.
 He didn't know Li Hao well, but he felt that these people, who had recovered early, seemed to trust him. If he said he was going to borrow it, there was a high chance that he wouldn't return it.
 Then it would have been taken away!
 From Li Hao's words ... Could it really be returned?
 Li Hao didn't say much and quickly changed the topic.""Then let's not waste any time. Since we've reached an agreement, the most important thing for now is to help everyone recover completely! "There are still quite a number of energy stones that can be used in the Heavenly Star Mine ... Before that, I need to conduct a simple investigation on all of you in case you're enemies."
 "How do we investigate?"
 The 9th Division commander asked, and Li Hao said,""Simple. Most of the traitors were invaded by the power of the Crimson Moon. Those who have the power of the Crimson Moon in their bodies will only become stronger over the years. It won't weaken. It's easy to tell if they have it or not!"
 Everyone looked at each other. Very quickly, the ninth Division commander nodded."Good! Yes! I also want to see if there is anyone in heaven battling city who has been bewitched ... But I don't think there is! Even if the eighth division commander is against you, that's normal. Don't go and investigate with your own selfish motives, or we won't agree to it!"
 "Ninth master, you still don't believe in my character?"
 The ninth Division commander nodded.
 “……”
 Li Hao laughed and said,"this ..."
 You don't even believe in my character and you still agreed to cooperate?
 This person's mouth was really so tight that it was frightening.
  "Then, how about the few of you give it a try? One by one, all at once, I'm afraid I won't be able to drag them in. "
 "Sure!"
 "I'll go first!"The ninth Division commander said.
 Since he was so straightforward, Li Hao didn't stand on ceremony with him. Now that he didn't have the starry sky sword, it would be a little difficult to tear apart the great path of the universe in the relic. However, Li Hao was much stronger than before, so it wasn't a big problem.
 Very quickly, he tore through the sky and pulled the ninth Division commander up. The two of them disappeared in an instant.
 Seeing that they had disappeared, the eighth division commander hesitated and said,""Will he have bad intentions?"
 Director Wang smiled."Don't worry, as long as you're fine, he won't do anything to you!"
 "Do you really trust him that much?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "It's not trust ..."
 "There's no other choice!"Director Wang replied. "Now, I'm sure there's a traitor, and he's very strong. We have no choice but to cooperate with him. That's the only way out! Do we really have to wait for the second recovery and wait for the Heavenly King to charge into the city and destroy us?"

 The eighth division commander did not speak again.
 ……
 In the bright star sector.
 The ninth master looked around, but the power of the Crimson Moon did not appear on his body. He looked at the universe of the great path, and soon, he looked at the various regions. Finally, he looked at the sword principle region and felt the aura there.
 After a moment, he said,'this is the new Dao universe? It's very desolate ... In the original universe, the great Dao stars flickered one after another. This new Dao universe is still very weak, but it's also an opportunity!"
 "It is very weak."
 Li Hao nodded."The new Dao doesn't reject the great Dao of origins. However, it rejects the red moon. Do you know why, ninth master?"
 "The new Dao might have been born with the New World, but it's possible that each world has one Dao. Silver Moon came from new martial, so it's normal that there isn't much rejection."
 "If that's the case," the ninth master said."At the end of the new Dao ... We might be able to find the Shadow of the Universe of origin."
 Li Hao shook his head."I don't know. It's too far away." I can't explore everything now ... Ninth Division commander, if someone with the power of the Crimson Moon invades heaven battling city, and the power of the Crimson Moon is expelled, it might recover. What should we do then?"
  "Kill!"
 "What?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao looked at him, and the ninth master said calmly,""Whether it's a passive betrayal or an active betrayal, a betrayal is a betrayal. Is there a need to split so much? To lay down the butcher's knife and become a Buddha on the spot, that's the pugilistic world ... As soldiers, we only know that betrayers will die. It's not enough to turn over a new leaf! So, you don't need to think too much. Whether you recover or not, there's only one end ... Death!"
 Li Hao looked at him for a long time before he smiled.""Alright, I know."
 With that, the two of them returned.
 Li Hao looked at the old turtle."Guardian turtle ... I'm going to bring your main body into ... The clone ... It's not easy to determine."
 The old turtle smiled and didn't say anything.
 The turtle Tower near the city Lord's mansion started to shake.
 After a while, the turtle Tower turned into a small black turtle seal.
 Soon, he took on a human form and fused with his clone.
 Li Hao tore open space again and entered with Guardian turtle.
 Similarly, there was no power of the Crimson Moon.
 Li Hao felt a bit more at ease. At the very least, there was no problem with guarding the city. The old turtle had always been awake. If he was fine, then even if something happened to heaven battling city, it wouldn't be too serious.
 Even if someone was invaded by the Crimson Moon, they wouldn't dare to do anything under the old turtle's eyes.
  If the old turtle had been invaded, and had been in control of heaven battling city for so many years ... Then it would be a huge problem!  ……
 Li Hao checked them one by one.
 General Huai's side also had no problem.
 There was no problem with Zhang Liang's side either.
 Finally, it was the eighth master's turn.
 In fact, Li Hao was still a little suspicious. Although he said that the other party was fine, he was actually thinking that this guy had probably been hacked.
 In the end, he brought the other party into the Dao universe, but there was no reaction.
 Li Hao even suspected that the Dao universe had crashed.
 He sized up the eighth division commander, and the Golden-armored man also glared at him angrily. Although he didn't have a physical body, he could feel from his spiritual power that the eighth division commander was very dissatisfied with Li Hao's stare!
 ……
 In the main hall of the city Lord's mansion.
 Li Hao walked out with the eighth division commander and smiled.""There's no problem with heaven battling city. At least, there's no problem with the people present, so there's no big problem! Of course, we can't rule out the possibility that some of them weren't affected by the Crimson Moon's power and simply betrayed us ... If that's the case, we can't investigate further!"
 "You should have just said it was me!" The eighth division commander said angrily."Wouldn't that have been enough?"
  "Eighth division commander, don't misunderstand!" Li Hao laughed.
 "Since that's the case, I'll ask again. Do you know anything about the Zheng father and son?" Zheng Gong didn't say anything, nor did Zheng ke, who left, say anything. Do you know more about the Zheng family's third son, Zheng Yu and Zheng Hongyuan?"
 The old turtle thought for a moment and said,"we don't know much about Zheng Yu. After all, he's only the third son of the Zheng family." As for Zheng Hongyuan, I've met him a few times. He's a rather shrewd person. He had the battle prowess of a peak Saint back then, and it's said that he entered the Heavenly King level later on ... He's also considered an outstanding person of his generation! "He left the Zheng family in Star Town City and came to the small world. It's said that the Zheng family in Star Town City didn't give him much support. He's talented, but the Zheng family didn't give him any extra resources. He's also an early stage neo martial artist and has made a lot of contributions to Star Town City ..."
 The old turtle gave a simple explanation.
 Li Hao thought for a moment, nodded, and said,""Is there a huge difference between the battle power of a Heavenly King and a Saint?"
 "It's not too big,"
 The old turtle explained,"let's put it this way. Back then, origin cultivators relied on their origin to increase their strength!" Without the origin source, there was only a difference in mental power, qi and blood, and physical body. Such a difference could be made up for with quantity! With the origin source still present, a Heavenly King can easily deal with seven or Eight Saints ... Without the origin source, perhaps three or four Saints can deal with a Heavenly King. "
 "What about the early and peak stages of the Saint realm?"
 "It's the same logic. "
 The old turtle sighed."The difference between peak-stage Saints and early-stage Saints isn't too big. The key is still the power of the great DAOs. Therefore, we've all been weakened greatly. Otherwise, Saints can use their origin great DAOs and are very powerful!" It's not hard to erase a city. "

 Li Hao nodded again."Then, I'll ask you one more question. If you meet the Zheng family, can you tell who they are?"
 "The main body?"
 "A clone."
 "That won't do!"
 The old turtle shook his head."It's too hard to tell apart a clone. Unless it's the original body, the origin aura won't change. You can tell!"
 Alright!
 He had wanted the old turtle to identify Yu Hai as a member of the Zheng family.
 "Senior, do you know Yu Hai, the Vice captain of the guards of Shen clan in stars Town City?"
 "Yu Hai ..."
 The old turtle thought for a moment, then shook his head. He didn't understand.
  Li Hao felt a little regretful, but general Huai interjected,""I do know a thing or two. Yu Hai has the combat power of a peak Saint. He was once a strong person who participated in the battle at the early stage of neo martial realm ..."
 After saying that, he looked at Li Hao and said,"you suddenly asked about him. Did you meet him?" Can't distinguish the real identity? Or are you suspecting that they are the father and son of the Zheng family?"
 Through these few words, this person quickly inferred some things.
 It had to be said that this person had been sleeping for many years, but his brain had not turned into mush. He was still clear-headed.
 Li Hao smiled and nodded.
 General Huai shook his head."Then there's no need to tell. It's definitely fake!"
 "Why?"
 "The other party died long ago?" Li Hao was puzzled.
 "That's not the case. "
 General Huai explained,"Yu Hai had once dealt with my ancestors and participated in many battles. He could have been released to become an official, but the Shen family never let him leave. Instead, they kept him as the vice-captain of the guards. If he was released, he had the hope of becoming a Heavenly King. It was actually very difficult to stay in the Shen family! It's not that the Shen family is deliberately making things difficult for him, but Yu Hai's Dao was injured a few years ago and he has been recuperating all this time. When the sky changed, the other party's injuries might not even be fully healed, so it's impossible for the Shen family to send people to Silver Moon. If the Shen family were to speak, whether it's the human King or Zhi Zun, they would give them some face and would definitely not make things difficult for the Shen family. "
 Li Hao became even more curious.""The Shen family has such a big face?"
 "There are thirteen families in star suppression city. Except for the Yang family, the Li family is the most powerful. The Shen family is not too powerful, but the Shen family and the Chen family have very high positions! The ancestors of these two families had created the new martial era! Supreme martial artist Zhang carried forward neo martial, and the human King inherited neo martial ... It can be said that it's passed down from generation to generation!"
 Huai Shu explained the situation to Li Hao, then said,""That's why the Shen family's influence is so great. With Yu Hai's injuries, even if the head of the Shen family were to personally come to Silver Moon to handle some matters, he wouldn't have let him come."
  Li Hao nodded again. So that's how it is!  In that case, Yu Hai was indeed a fake.
 This saved him a lot of trouble. Since it was a fake, there was no need to judge who the other party was. The key was, how strong was the other party?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "This person is not willing to leave the ruins, and even his clone is not willing to. Why?" he asked after some consideration.
 "You don't want to go out?"
 Although they didn't know the inside story, the old turtle suddenly said,""You're looking for us to deal with this fake Yu Hai? If that's the case ... We'll be in big trouble. "
 "What do you mean?"
 I didn't see him.
 "He's not willing to go out ... Combined with the information I've received before, Hong Yue's venerable sovereign is sealed ... That means there's only one possibility. He's too strong. Once he leaves, even if it's just a clone, it might cause some huge changes! "Especially now, I don't dare to walk out easily. It's easy to cause changes in the world and cause the seal to break. The seal today must be very fragile after your starry sky sword broke ..."
 "The other party didn't want to use his clone, so it's very likely that he released the venerable Emperor just in case ... This means that this person has at least the battle power of a Heavenly King! If he was a Saint, he would definitely not have such scruples! Moreover, this person is likely to have dealt with that venerable sovereign before. Otherwise, we wouldn't know about this matter. We only know a little from you. In the eight major cities, unless you're a traitor, you generally don't know. "
 A Heavenly King!
 Li Hao exhaled."Can you handle it?"
 The few of them looked at each other, and the ninth master shook his head.""Even if you have the battle power of a Saint, with the two protectors and me ... The other party might have advanced on the Heavenly King path for many years. It's not enough! Even though there was a chance of killing three or four Saints ... It was still not enough to kill the other party! If we're careful, there will be at least 6 sages!"
  So many?
 "Then ... Then, if the commander of the guards is resuscitated, and a few people at the late stage of the sun Moon tier are added to the mix ..."
 "Not enough!"
 The ninth Division commander continued to shake his head."The turtle Guardian is good at defense, and general Huai is not good at offense. As for me, my tactics have determined that I can not fight for a long time. It is the same for the commander. He is the commander of the reserve guards ... You know, defense is the main focus."
 "Even if you're good at attacking, it's useless. You'll need at least one top-tier offensive expert!"
 Li Hao immediately had a headache.
 They even needed a top-tier Saint to act as an attacker?
 Where could he find it?
 Everyone looked at each other, feeling conflicted.
 After a long time, the old turtle suddenly said,""Zhang ... Forget it, let's not talk about Division Chief Zhang. Out of the eight great cities, I heard that you have formed an alliance with martial Union? Martial Union was attacking! In fact, heaven battling city was also ... However, the real main attackers had all left, and there were no top offensive powerhouses left! Didn't martial Union's second elder say that he was still alive? The other party specializes in attacks, and he's also a Saint. Of the nine great elders of martial Union, the first six are practically All Saints, while the last three are undying ..."

 Their nine great elders were comparable to nine army commanders, and their status was even higher than the ninth Division commander.
 The last time Li Hao met the seventh elder, he was only at the peak of immortal realm. Li Hao laughed at the thought of this man. Of the last three, the seventh elder happened to be here. It seemed that he didn't manage to get a Saint-level master.
 The second elder?
 The Zhao family was good at attacking, and their ancestor, Alliance master Zhao, was good at saber techniques. The city Lord of the Zhao family's main city was the son of that person, and he was good at fist techniques. As for the nine elders, they came from various sects.
 But ... Would he agree?
 Li Hao was willing to cooperate with heaven battling city, but he didn't have a good impression of the other ancient cities.
 For a moment, he felt a slight headache.
 "I need one more?"
 "If you want to take down the other party, I think you should find at least one Saint, or even more, because we don't know how strong they are. They start at Heavenly King, and once they reach half-step venerable sovereign ... Not to mention five or six saints, even ten Saints would be useless!"
 Li Hao fell into deep thought.
  After a while, he said,"then I'll try ... If the other party doesn't agree, then there's nothing we can do. If the other party doesn't agree, we have to try .."
 Li Hao explained,"it's not that I'm trying to drag you seniors to take a risk. It's just that the other party might have found something. Once they contact another group, there might be huge trouble. Moreover, the vast wilderness is nearby. Once it's destroyed, there might be huge trouble. I have to take down this person to ensure that nothing goes wrong!"
 Otherwise, once something happened to the vast wilderness and red dust got in touch with him, they could enter it again and find a way to deal with venerable sovereigns when the second awakening began ... Li Hao and the others would be in big trouble again.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Taking advantage of the fact that the other party hadn't gathered, killing one person was one more.
 A Heavenly King ... Was indeed difficult to deal with.
 Li Hao kept thinking that he might need a plan. These people didn't dare to come out easily. The world was more fragile than before, and it could easily break the seal.
 But ... Would the Zhao family ... Work?
 But other than the Zhao family, it was hard to find anyone else.
 As he was thinking, director Wang suddenly said,"the Zhao family might have spies from the other party. I think it's better not to beat the grass and scare the snake. Heaven battling city is easy to talk about, but the Zhao family's situation is unclear. If you really want to find them, I suggest you find another person."
 "Who is it?"
 "A descendant of the sea Guardian!"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 Director Wang smiled,"it's more suitable!" It controlled the four Seas and was once the Silver Moon sea Messenger. It had a good relationship with the Li family and venerable sword. Not only that, but the sea Messenger's lineage was different from other forces. There were no branches. They were all direct descendants, and the other party had a powerful background! The sea Protector ... Is actually stronger than the demon protector!"
 Li Hao was dazed for a moment. Wasn't the status of a demon protector higher than that of a Sea Protector?  "The sea Protector is also a demon. The reason why his status is lower than the demon protector is that the human King knew the demon protector earlier, and the sea Protector didn't know him for long ... This li Fuhai is a direct descendant of the sea Protector ... His combat power is not weak! The other party's true form is an ox demon with boundless strength and is extremely good at attacking ... Last time, I saw that this person was rather friendly to you, so I'm afraid he also has the intention of drawing closer to you. "
 "I wasn't too friendly to that person before ..." Li Hao was a little embarrassed.
 I don't really care about that person.
 Director Wang laughed,"so what?" That person might not mind ... Besides, if I can bring him out to have fun ... Cough, cough, to have fun ... No, to fight, he would definitely be happy to do so!"  Li Hao wanted to roll his eyes.
 He fell into deep thought and quickly nodded.""Alright! What do you think of this person's combat strength?"
 "Very strong!"
 The old turtle said,"the direct descendant of the sea Guardian envoy is definitely not weak. Even I wasn't as strong as him at my peak!" Moreover, it's a pure demon, so there's a high chance that its physical body is still there. The bodies of demons are strong, and I'm afraid that even old Huai is no match for it. "
 General Huai nodded and did not deny this.
 Li Hao pondered for a moment and said,"well, I'll try. I'll go to Star Town and get some divine power stones and the spring of life." Bring that broken Heavenly King's corporeal body over ... We have to act quickly. There might be some trouble in the great wilderness. That traitor Hong Chen probably won't be willing to just let this go and has his eyes set on the great wilderness. "
 "However, there are also Sage-level desolate beasts in the great wilderness. The other party will make some preparations ..."
 At this point, Li Hao didn't delay any further,"then I'll see our commander when I come back!" I'll take the two words 'heaven battling' when I return ... Everyone, please don't say anything to anyone else for the time being, in case the traitors find out. "
 The few of them nodded. Even the eighth division commander did not object this time.
  Li Hao didn't waste any more time and quickly left.
 This time, he didn't even bring director Wang.
 He had met the Silver Moon sea Messenger twice, but hadn't had a deep conversation with him. This time, he could take a look at the situation. Li Hao had neglected this expert who could suppress the four Seas many times.
 Furthermore, he had to check on Black Panther's condition when he returned to Heavenly Star Town. That fellow had been in seclusion to search for the Dao Meridian for a long time.
 After leaving his old home in the Silver City, his teacher and the others were gone. Only this dog could still communicate with him. Fortunately, he had gone into seclusion the last time. Otherwise, he might have been gone if he were brought out.
 Heaven battling city's side agreed quite readily. Li Hao felt that it was quite normal since he was satisfied. The two sides had dealt with each other more than once, and these people were well aware of their own situation. Cooperating with him would do them no harm.
 Moreover, Li Hao also felt that although the ninth master did not say it directly, he was actually speaking on his behalf. This cold-faced master was quite reliable at critical moments.
 After leaving heaven battling city, they soon arrived at the North Sea.
 This time, Li Hao took the initiative to rush to the depths of the North Sea without waiting for the other party to find him. The sea Guardian's branch residence was in the sea.
 [PS: I'll try my best to update at night. When I get home tomorrow morning, it'll be almost four in the afternoon. I'll have an update tomorrow, but it might only be the first update. After this, there'll be nothing else. I'm going back to work hard on my writing. It's a headache to be interrupted.]

 North Sea.
 Li Fuhai was still sleeping. His clone was too lazy to go out. Other than going out twice to see Li Hao, he had been sleeping.
 If the world did not recover, it would have nothing to do outside.
 At this moment, the huge Golden bull's eye suddenly opened.
 The next moment, the stars shifted and Li Fuhai disappeared from his original spot.
 When he reappeared, he was already at the entrance of a mansion.
 There seemed to be an ocean's eye at the entrance of the mansion.
 At this moment, the vortex was spinning.
 Li Fuhai also didn't transform and remained in his bull form. His eyes revealed some suspicion and soon, his voice reverberated,""A descendant of the Li family is here to find me?"
 Outside the vortex.
  At this moment, Li Hao's appearance was shown.
 Li Hao's voice resounded."I've come to pay you a visit. Sorry to bother you, senior!"
 "Isn't it great to have friends from afar!"
 Li Fuhai said. Soon, the vortex spun, and Li Hao stepped in the air with a bright smile. "I've troubled senior!"
 "It's fine, it's an honor!"
 The great demonic Saint was very polite.
 After sizing Li Hao up, the bull nodded.""Not bad, not bad, you have the wind of your ancestor! The sword Lord is unparalleled in his sword will. I can tell that your sword will is not weak and you will become famous in the world sooner or later. The name of the demonic sword is in the future and may not be weaker than your ancestor, the longevity Sword Master!"
 Li Hao smiled.
 This ox demon was interesting.
 Was this considered flattery?
 The other party was a Saint!
 Previously, Li Hao had thought that he was only an undying, but he had underestimated him.
 Looking at the other party's brilliant golden body, Li Hao took a deep breath.""Senior ... It seems like your Saint body is complete, this ..."
 Was it not affected by the corrosion?
 Li Fuhai laughed."I'm here. The energy in the four Seas is denser. In addition, this place is connected to the forbidden Sea. After the forbidden Sea revives, some energy will enter. The energy in the mineral veins in the sea is denser, so no one will fight for it ..."
 In other words, this person's combat strength had always been at its peak.
 Li Hao was surprised!
 Li Fuhai was also very surprised. Why did Li Hao suddenly come here?
 He had met this person twice before. Although he was polite to him, he was also perfunctory. What was he doing here today?
 Li Hao was a little embarrassed.
 It was because they were not familiar with each other.
 He hesitated on how to open his mouth, but li Fuhai took the initiative and said,""Li family's descendent, venerable the sword is not here. I am the sea-suppressing Messenger of Silvermoon, and it is my responsibility to ensure the peace of this place. Did you come here to harm the world?"
 “……”
 He even built the steps for you!
 Li Hao was truly surprised.
 Since the other party was so direct and polite, he didn't hesitate any longer and said,""Senior Sea Guardian, it's like this. I found the person who betrayed neo martial arts back then ..."  "He should be killed!"
 Li Fuhai didn't wait for him to finish and said,""Is the other party very strong?"
 "This ... Heavenly King ..."
 "That's a little difficult. I'm afraid I can't win. Do you have reinforcements?"
 "This ... Yes, there's still the heaven battling city turtle guard, general Huai, the ninth Division commander Li Daozong, and the reserve guard commander who hasn't recovered yet ..."
 "A Heavenly King?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Fuhai hesitated for a moment and said,"the Heavenly King is not scary. Even if the traitor maintains his peak combat strength and has no origin, his physical body may not be as strong as mine!" Demons had unparalleled physical bodies and were extremely powerful. However, the few from heaven battling city ... With the exception of Li Daozong, were not good at attacking! He was good at defense but lacking in attack! You ... Can you fight against a Sage?"
 "Sure!"
 Li Fuhai was surprised but not too surprised. He quickly said,""That's good! Since you control the will of the heavens, can you bring my true body out of the ruins?"
 "Sure!"
 Li Hao nodded, still a little surprised.
 This person ... Agreed?
 It was just a casual mention.
 He didn't say much, and he didn't even talk about conditions. Wasn't this ... Too easy to talk to?
 This was the first time he had met such an easy-going expert. He was worried that the other party ... Might have problems!
 It couldn't be helped. The experts he had met weren't so easy to talk to.
 It was very surprising and suspicious!
 Li Fuhai also felt that he was a little impatient. Soon, he shook his tail and said,""Descendant of the Li family, I have a favor to ask of you. Is that possible?"
 "What is it, senior?"
 "If you control the heaven and earth and become the master of the heaven and earth, can you keep my position as the Silver Moon Sea Guardian?" li Fuhai shook his head.
 Even Li Hao was stunned.
 What did that mean!
 Were these words referring to investment or future returns?
 But ... Which eye of yours can tell that I can control the world?
 You don't understand me!
  He was very surprised!
 What he didn't know was that strength overpowers the hai family tradition.
 Li Fuhai's ancestor was the Mount of Emperor Nan, one of the nine emperors, during the early martial origin era. During the early martial origin era, the ox demon clan had been dependent on Emperor Nan and became the Overlord of the demon clan.
 In the neo martial era, human Kings and Supreme martial artists exterminated countless disobedient demon clans. However, the ox demon clan was still one of the overlords. The second person in the ox demon clan had arrived. He was li Wuji, the neo martial Sea Protector!
 As for it, it had come here with the intention of becoming the leader of the demon race in the land of Silver Moon. It wanted to become the third peerless demon hero of the ox demon family and the leader of the demon race in the New World and new era.
 It was a pity that the sword Saint did not devour the world or do anything else. A small world was still a small world.
 But now, the small world seemed to be different.
 It was on the verge of becoming a great world!
 As a race that was looking for opportunities and opportunists, li Fuhai had long prepared for this.
 The ox demon clan was not a two-sided fence-sitter like the locust tree clan.

 The ox demon clan was famous for their foresight. Every era had its own talents. On this point, it ruled out all the people who were not from the new era.
 And in this era, it actually understood it very well.
 There were only a few people in the world who had the ability to rule the world.
 Ying Hongyue, the king of Dali, the Empress Dowager shuiyun, the master of the vast wilderness, Zhao Shuguang, Li Hao ...
 And Li Hao had caught up!
 Now, looking at the situation, he might even be able to match a Saint. With such progress and speed, when would he find a chance if not now?
 It was still worried that Li Hao didn't care about it!
 As for dealing with the Heavenly King ... It wasn't like he was going to fight him alone or work together. There was naturally a price to pay for taking advantage of the situation. He would win and take everything, but there was nothing he could do if he lost. He was displaying the clan spirit to the fullest!
 Their clan had been glorious since the beginning of the world, and it was not an exaggeration.
 No matter what era it was, the ox clan and the Li family would always be one of the Overlord forces of the demon race. This was also something that countless demons from various families had fought for bit by bit.
  The opportunity was right in front of him, so why be polite?
 But Li Hao didn't know this!
 This was the first time he had encountered such a situation. He could be considered an Overlord now, but there were people who took the initiative to join him ... Like Lin Hongyu.
 However, a powerhouse from the new martial era who had taken the initiative to seek refuge with him, and it was a Saint ... He was a little afraid.
 Don't tell me ... You have bad intentions?
 With a myriad of thoughts in his mind, Li Hao said hesitantly,""Senior, the current situation of this world is very complicated ..."
 Li Fuhai was not worried at all and said bluntly,""A new world, a new era, the old will be destroyed, only the new can rule! This was heaven's will and the inevitable of an era. A true genius, an outstanding talent, and an Overlord had already succeeded in this seal for 100000 years! The old people who have delayed until the new era and have not succeeded, none of them can control the world!"
 "To an Overlord, to the master of the heavens and earth, even if the heavens and earth are sealed for a hundred thousand years, even if energy is exhausted, even if it's dormant ... They will still seek survival in the midst of death. You have to remember one thing, as long as there is no achievement in a hundred thousand years ... They are not an Overlord! I can be a soldier, a general, but I can't be the master!"
 This was the first time Li Hao had heard such a comment. He felt as if the sky had brightened!
 He looked at li Fuhai with a strange expression. A Saint-level demon was telling himself that those from the old era who had not been able to make a comeback for 100000 years were all trash, all trash.
 This ... Even included itself!
 These words ... Were completely different from what Li Hao usually heard.
 Everyone was talking about the power of neo martial, but no one said that they were useless and incompetent.
  Li Hao didn't know what to say.  "The descendant of the Li family ..." Li Fuhai added."I also call you Governor li. As the Overlord of the new era and an outstanding talent of the new era, you only need to remember one thing. A person who can't achieve anything in 100000 years is not worth your worry! Everything would work out when it came to it. In the past, the human king rose in three years and was invincible in the world! In the era of the nine emperors and four Emperors, the celestial Thearch was also invincible. He rose rapidly and became the Overlord of the world!"
 "The Li family has looked at the past and present. Anyone who becomes a tyrant must have one thing: short time. As time goes on, one's essence, Qi, and spirit will be worn out. The old are not as good as the new. The old have long solidified their thoughts and think that they are shrewd and astute. In fact, they have lost both their spirit and spirit. They have long lost the attitude of a tyrant!"
 Li Hao was a little dazed.
 These words came from a Saint-level great demon from the neo martial era. He was once the leader of the demon clan in the Silvermoon Four Seas, and even the leader of the entire Silvermoon demon clan. In this era, this demon's status was perhaps ... Only second to Zhang an?
 The city Lords of the eight major cities, other than sword city, the other seven city Lords might not have a higher status than the other.
 Li Hao was in a daze. He couldn't help but ask,""Senior ... The new martial Sea Guardian and senior ..."
 "That's my grandfather!"
 A direct descendant of a venerable sovereign!
 The grandson of the new martial's sea envoy!
 This was a true-blue direct descendant.
 People like Jiang Ying and Li were slightly worse off, because they were not the third generation. They might have been many generations later, but they were still direct descendants. This demon was the same as Zhang an, they were the third generation direct descendants of venerable sovereigns!
 Of course, the status of the sea Guardian envoy was inferior to that of the Zhang family's Supreme martial artist.
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Seeing that Li Hao was still deep in thought, li Fuhai said,""The Li family has many venerable sovereigns. My grandfather, the neo martial Sea Guardian, is a venerable sovereign! My ancestor, Daoist Emperor Nan, ancestor water power, had also advanced to the venerable sovereign realm! Emperor Nan was close to my ancestor, and he's also a venerable sovereign, and a veteran venerable sovereign at that ... The Li clan is glorious and unprecedented, and I, li Fuhai, have a long history of my clan's teachings. Since ancient times, I'm sure my words will never be wrong!"
 "You ... Are both venerable sovereigns?" Li Hao gasped.
 Didn't they say that it was very difficult to become a venerable sovereign?
 You have so many at home?
 Although there were only two of them, from what it said, Emperor Nan, one of the nine emperors of the past, could be counted as part of its family. That would make it three!
 Li Fuhai's bull-like face was filled with pride,'in the neo martial era, two of my Li family's seniors were conquering the world for the human King! After that, the Li family will be rewarded for their contributions, and even the demon subduing envoy ..."
 He paused for a moment."Actually ... The demon protector isn't as powerful as my grandfather. He claims to be a venerable sovereign, but in fact ... Cough cough ... He's a half-step sovereign!"
 The demon protector was not a venerable sovereign?
 Even Li Hao wanted to gossip!
 But after thinking about it, forget it, I'd better not gossip.

 At this moment, Li Hao's interest was piqued. He smiled and said,"What you mean is that you're willing to come out of the mountain and help me this time. As long as the world becomes mine, I only need to keep the position of Sea Protector?"
 "Right!"
 Li Fuhai was very straightforward!
 Kindness is not repaid!
 Of course, it was for the sake of a greater reward.
 The Li family had been serving the strong for generations. The first ancestor, Shui he, was the Mount of Emperor Nan.
 The second ancestor who had brought this place to greater heights, li Wuji, had once been a Mount for the human King. The human King had despised the mixed-blood heavenly dog that was the demon subduing envoy for having too many scales on its body. It was not as comfortable as the ox demon.
 The third generation had not appeared yet. It was thinking ... If I don't become a Mount, will I have a good future?
 As for the spark industry, it disdained King Huai, the venerable sovereign, who was often mentioned.
 If the whole world knew that you were speculating, what would that mean?
  His reputation was ruined!
 "Look at my Li family. From the beginning of the world, no one has said anything bad about my family. Everyone says that my family is simple and honest. If Li Hao succeeds, will the world say that I, li Fuhai, am a conspirator?
 He wouldn 't!
 They would only say that I, li Fuhai, have sharp eyes and that I, as a Saint, agreed to everything without a second thought. If I wasn't afraid that Li Hao would be scared, I wouldn't even mention keeping the sea Protector. As an Overlord, how could I forget about this when I'm being rewarded?
 It's good to meet a strong enemy!
 The stronger the better!
 Heavenly King, very good.
 If he was a Saint, he would be able to solve it himself, so why would he need us?
 Only a Heavenly King would need help.
 It was better for this battle to be more brutal ... Of course, the premise was that his life was not in danger!
 The more tragic it was, the more it proved how important it was to draw close to him, and the huge price he had to pay!
 Moreover, Li Hao seemed to have a dog with him!
 The mixed-blood descendants of the demon subduing envoy for countless generations!
 It was very annoyed by this line.
 This lineage had also been glorious. The first generation ancestor was a heavenly dog raised by the heavens and earth. He was very glorious during the era of the nine emperors and four Emperors. The second generation ancestor, the demon subduing envoy, was also very glorious during the era of the human King.
 In the end, in this era ... There were mixed-blood descendants of the other party. The demon subduer himself was mixed-blood, and the Black Panther was even more mixed-blood among mixed-blood, which made him return to his original nature and become a dog. The demon subduer was not a dog, and he had a horn on his head.
 Apart from the monster clan and monster beast lineage, no one else was more glorious than their Li family!
 At this moment, li Fuhai was thinking,'will I still be suppressed by the other party in my generation?'
 That was impossible!
 The heavenly dog had suppressed ancestor water power, and the demon protector had suppressed the sea Protector, who was his grandfather. Could it be that he, a great saint, couldn't suppress a small mixed-blood dog?
 Li Fuhai had many thoughts in his mind, and so did Li Hao. After a long time, he said,""Then ... Senior, are you willing to accompany me on a trip to the new Dao universe?"
 "New Dao universe?"
  Li Fuhai's eyes widened as he thought to himself,'so forthright?  I've just said that I'm going to join you, but you trust me so much that you even want to take me to the new Dao universe?
 The Li family is indeed famous for being honest and simple!
 The new Dao universe!
 "This isn't good, is it?" it said, pretending to be reserved.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, frowned slightly, thinking, could it be that the opponent knows, could it be ... That the opponent has been invaded by the power of the Crimson Moon?
 No wonder he agreed so readily!
 He hesitated, but li Fuhai immediately said,""However, since you've invited me ... I'll do as you wish! Don't worry, Governor. The great Dao universe is too far away from me. I have no intention of snatching it! "After sleeping for 100000 years, no one has the courage to control a great Dao universe. Not only me, but even those half-step venerable sovereigns and even venerable sovereigns ... Can't do it! The great Dao universe is also waiting for the fated person ... Clearly, the governor is the only fated person who has appeared today after 100000 years!"
 This really wasn't the case!
 Li Hao chuckled. The first one to enter was actually not him, but his teacher.
 Of course, there was no need to talk about this at this moment.
 Since this person had agreed to enter ... That was good.
 In the next moment, li Fuhai followed Li Hao into the sky without hesitation. A Golden Bull directly entered the universe. In an instant, thunder and lightning flashed.
 Li Hao's expression changed drastically!
 Li Fuhai, on the other hand, was a little confused. He let the small lightning strike him and looked at Li Hao in confusion.
 Li Hao was also looking at it.
 At this moment, the weak power of the Crimson Moon was directly shattered, but it didn't cause any damage to li Fuhai.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was a little confused.
 A very weak Crimson Moon Power!
 It was very weak.
 Some of them seemed to have been infected by accident, and it didn't have any effect on li Fuhai, but ... Where did the Crimson Moon's power come from?
 Li Fuhai had always stayed in the cave and did not come out for 100000 years.
  He had been guarding the forbidden Sea ...
 The forbidden Sea ...
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com ,m Li Hao's heart moved. Ying Hongyue!  Ying Hongyue seemed to have discovered the source of the forbidden Sea in the Li Dynasty and had been causing trouble, but Li Hao didn't know what she had done.
 At this moment, li Fuhai was affected by some of the Crimson Moon's power.
 It might be the power of the Crimson Moon in Ying Hongyue's body!
 Within Ying Hongyue's body, the power of the eight great families and the power of the Crimson Moon were gathered, and the two were fighting against each other ...
 Why was his Crimson Moon Power in the forbidden Sea?
 As for the venerable sovereign Hong Yue ... It shouldn't be that bad. That person probably wouldn't be able to affect this place.
 Only Ying Hongyue's side could possibly affect li Fuhai through the forbidden Sea.

