fileno%d
gth of this group of people was incomparable to before they entered.
 However, he had consumed a lot of energy.
 Over the past few days, the small tree had condensed more than 300 drops of the spring of life, which were all consumed.
 After all, it would consume too many people.
 Moreover, Li Hao had also provided a lot of sword energy.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao wasn't stingy. He gave little tree more than 3 million divine power stones out of the 300 drops of the spring of life. In addition to the 1 million sword energy stones that he had used, he had 60 million divine power stones left.
 With so many divine power stones, even if he couldn't revive general Huai, Li Hao felt that the difference wouldn't be too great.
 But at this moment, he wasn't going to send it to heaven battling city.
 At this stage, be it him or the others, they were all in urgent need of these resources to improve themselves. If they gave them away, what would they use to improve?
 Money begets money, that was the right way.
  "Everyone, keep your divine ability words in. There's no need to deliberately release anything from the Martial Master's words, but senior Tian Jian, senior uncle Hong, Minister hou, you all still have to release some mysterious energy to show everyone ... That you've advanced to the divine ability level."
 Otherwise, it would be worrying if the group of people lost their mysterious ability to leak.
 They didn't need Li Hao to remind them. They knew what to do.
 "Then let's go out!"
 It had been more than a day since they had entered. It was probably almost night time outside. Tomorrow was the official opening day of the governor's office. Although the obstacles had been resolved, they still had to be careful of any unforeseen circumstances.
 Li Hao stood up and looked behind him. At this moment, there was something strange. Many puppets had appeared at the school gate, patrolling.
 More importantly ... Why were there so many puppets patrolling the area?
 Are they suspecting that we destroyed the building and are here to be fined?
 He lowered his head to take a look, but there was nothing.
 He didn't care about this."Senior, we'll take our leave first," he said in a clear voice."I'll come and visit you again when I'm free!"
 Of course, he was free ... Who knew when.
 "Anything is fine!" Hei Teng said indifferently.
 "The world has changed," he said indifferently."There are too many people cultivating the magical words in this generation, and they can stabilize the space. Your so-called second recovery also has the effect of stabilizing the space ... Under the stabilization of the space, the peak or seven elements may be born in advance!"
 Li Hao was shocked!
 At this moment, Hong Yitang couldn't help but say in a deep voice,""Senior, you mean ..."
 "Be it demon plants, demon beasts, or others ... They can all sense some changes. Your upper limits also determine the upper limit of the power that some people can release ... For example, Li Hao, who has attained six-elemental, can also use six-elemental power in the outside world by cutting off the source of the demon plant!"
 Li Hao was stunned.
 "Is it related to my sacred art text?"
 "Maybe!"  Li Hao understood. He frowned slightly, but soon felt relieved and smiled. "That's nothing. "
 What hei Teng meant was,"my upper limit determines the upper limit of the power that some people can release ... Everything is under my control, so what am I afraid of?"
 Hei Teng didn't say anything else.
 The next moment, the group of people felt their world spinning again and disappeared from Yuanping martial arts university.
 At this moment, the puppets quickly ran to hei Teng's side. One of them asked curiously,""Teacher, is this person the pioneer of this generation?"
 "It doesn't count,"
 "His so-called Dao is only the beginning," hei Teng said indifferently. "Only the peak is the beginning of Dao! If he can continue down this path and continue to perfect it, then there's hope for him to become the true path to heaven. Otherwise ... It's just a child's play. "
 To Li Hao and the others, opening the way was probably the right time.
 However, to hei Teng, only seven elements was the beginning of the Dao. In the ancient civilization, it was only at this stage that one could truly comprehend the power of the great Dao. If one couldn't even reach this level, what was there to talk about opening a Dao?
 The puppets didn't mind. Their teacher had high standards, and they found it interesting.
 ……
 The night fell.
 When Li Hao's group walked out of the remains, they still attracted the attention of all the experts. What had they been doing in the remains for more than a day?
 There didn't seem to be much of a change.
 Then they went in ... To play?
 He didn't understand.
 However, everyone guessed that there must have been some changes. Otherwise, why would they enter again?
 Li Hao didn't care about the spies.
  Once they returned, everyone went back to their own homes and didn't continue to gather together. Hou Xiaochen brought majordomo Yu and Yao si, the three of them directly returned to the night patrol. Tian Jian had obtained what he wanted, so he didn't waste any time and immediately entered the sky Star sea. He was going back to the sky sword Manor.
 As for the opening of the manor tomorrow ... He was not worried about anything.
 Whoever dared to cause trouble for Li Hao tomorrow would die without even knowing how they died. However, he also said that if Li Hao wanted to attack the remains, he could inform him. When he returned, he would see if he could get Li Hao the thunderwind sword.
 Nan Quan, on the other hand, wanted to return to the palace. Li Hao was actually a little surprised.
 Going back at this time ... Was he not afraid of death?
 The royal family is probably extremely afraid now, and you still want to go back?
 "I'm fine!"
 Nan Quan didn't care too much and transmitted his voice,""I'll go and check the information. The Imperial Palace has a lot of information and intelligence. Let's see if we can get any information about Heavenly Star Town. Don't forget, we accepted a mission in heaven battling city last time ... We might be able to complete it!"
 Li Hao naturally remembered the task of finding out why the supply to the Heavenly Star Town had been cut off. However, he had yet to go to the real ruins of the Heavenly Star Town, so he could only put it aside for now.
 Hearing that the southern Fist still wanted to investigate ... Li Hao thought for a moment, nodded, and didn't say anything.

 According to the mission, as long as the reason was found and the connection between Heavenly Star Town and heaven battling city was restored, the reward would be 10000 military credits.
 10,000 military points were not much in exchange for divine power stones. It was only 10000 cultivation-aiding energy stones or 100000 divine power stones.
 But this was the worst choice. Li Hao could see it now.
 With 10,000 military merits, wouldn't it be nice for me to change to a real division commander position?
 Wouldn't it be nice to exchange it for some powerful ancient martial arts and secret techniques as a reference?
 "Why did I exchange them for energy stones? this is obviously for those ordinary soldiers who can't achieve high military merits. I clearly lost out previously.
 If he could connect the eight cities, the reward of 100000 military merits would be changed. Li Hao suspected that he could change the position of the commander and directly command 100000 troops. The entire reserve guard Army might be under his control. The commander of the 9th Division ... Would have to call him "Sir" when they met in the future!
 Thinking about this, Li Hao nodded.""Be careful!"
 Nan Quan did not say much and quickly headed straight for the palace. This attracted the attention of many people. Some people in the royal family even cursed ..."You were a Silver Moon person when you helped out. Now that you're fine, you still remember that you're the Royal instructor."
 Are you treating the palace like a hotel?
  In the blink of an eye, only the light sword and the earth overturning sword were left on Li Hao's side.
 Soon, the three of them returned to the criminal Division.
 ……
 After returning, the earth overturning sword and the radiant sword also went about their own business.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, walked all the way to the end of the backyard.
 On the other side, a small palace-like house had been built.
 Obviously, this was the entrance to the remains controlled by the HU family. Li Hao followed his own investigation and walked all the way to the end. He saw a door that was built later, but this door should lead to the remains.
 Li Hao didn't go in, either. He just stood outside.
 After a long time, a weak fluctuation came from behind the door.
 "You are ... Li Hao?"
 "The successor of the sword Saint?"
 "I thought you wouldn't pay attention to me," Li Hao said with a smile.
 Although the monster plant could not come out, it could still release some mental energy to explore the surroundings. The small tree could do it too. When Li Hao and the others entered cat head mountain, the small tree had already detected them.
 "Hu Xiao and Hu mingfa are both dead?"
 "Yes,"
 "My clone was also destroyed ... Did you kill it?"
 Li Hao laughed."It has nothing to do with me. I don't have the ability to do that. It was the powerhouses from Yuanping martial arts university who killed them. You guys are really bold to cause trouble in Yuanping martial arts university. Do you really not know the danger, or Do you not know?"
 In the remains, the monster plant was silent for a while before it sent out a mental message."That martial arts university ... Is very mysterious! However, in the past, it seems that all the people have left long ago. It seems that ... There are still powerful people left. "
 Li Hao laughed,"of course, and it's terrifying!" When your clones were crushed, I think a monster plant shouted ... Great sage!"
 Behind the door, a large tree trembled slightly.  Great sage!
 There was actually a Saint in Yuanping martial Sciences University!
 It was unbelievable!
 "It seems like ... Hu mingfa's plan ... Has a big problem. Those energy stones have given the other party a chance to resuscitate ... They're really digging their own graves!"
 The giant tree sighed. He was sending himself to his death.
 They didn't expect this and really thought that there was no one left.
 There were no monster plants in Yuanping martial Sciences University. Logically speaking, even if there were people, they should have completely turned into residual thoughts or psyche force. There was no need to be too afraid. After all, the state of director Wang and the others explained many things.
 The human race ... In the passage of time, they actually did not live as long as other demons.
 However, the power that a Saint had preserved was enough to crush their clones in an instant.
 The difference was too great!
 Moreover, their clones were actually very weak. They only had the strength of five or six elements. They didn't even have seven elements. How could they fight against a resurrected Saint?
 In the neo martial era, heavenly Emperor era, early martial era ... In the previous three eras, Saints were all top-notch existences.
 Li Hao was also making a quick judgment.
 It was impossible for the monster plant inside the door to be a great saint.
 Li Hao smiled."Now that the HU clan has been destroyed. Senior monster plant, are you interested in working with me?"
 "You?"
 Li Hao laughed,"can't I?" After being a sword venerable, he should be qualified to go anywhere! 'Even that great saint doesn't dare to touch me, even though he didn't give me too many benefits. You're just a so-called immortal at best ... You haven't fully recovered yet, so can you exert your peak power?' You weren't even worthy of working with the Li family during the ancient civilization era!"
 “……”
 Yao Zhi did not expect this person to be so insolent.
  However, what he said wasn't wrong.
 This was true.
 If it had been in the past, it was only a monster plant guarding a place, and it really had no right to talk about cooperation with the Li family.
 "As you said, that was in the past. Back then, the sword Saint was still alive. What about now?"
 Li Hao laughed and said,"now, I've also destroyed the HU family!" You can even cooperate with the HU family, so why, am I not as good as the HU family?"
 Monster plant was silent for a while."It's not impossible. As long as you can complete the HU clan's mission, then cooperation ... Is not a problem."
 "Just tell me, what can I get in return and what I have to pay?"
 Monster plant did not hold back."I need a large number of energy stones. As for what I can obtain, the spring of life is what you all desire the most. Other than that, as long as you can pay the price, just like the HU family, I can cut the source and help you eliminate the strong enemy!"
 "How do I change?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Previously, I gave the HU family 60000 Yuan for a drop. Since you're a descendant of venerable sword, everyone knows the name venerable sword. 50000 Yuan will do!"

 “……”
 Li Hao laughed and cursed in his heart.
 You guys are really good at scamming!
 You speak as if I've gotten a bargain.
 Of course, cooperation and whatnot were all nonsense.
 He was just investigating the situation.
 "If I may ask, who is stronger, you or general Huai of heaven battling city?"
 “……”
 The giant tree was speechless.
 One of them is The Guardian general of the eight main cities, while the other is The Guardian of a corner of the Heavenly Star Town. Who do you think is stronger?
  Li Hao laughed."Don't blame me for asking too much. I also need to judge how strong you are and whether you're worth my sacrifice. After all, I have many choices. Many of Silver moon's experts are worth my sacrifice ..."
 The giant tree also cursed in his heart.
 Others couldn't say such words, but this person could.
 It pondered for a moment before replying,"perhaps I'm not as powerful as some of the Silver Moon's existences, but they've all fallen into silence. It'll be too difficult for you to revive them. The price you'll have to pay is beyond your imagination, and the rewards you'll get will be minimal! I'm different. In the land of Heavenly Star, since the nine divisions and the imperial family have chosen us, it means that we are the strongest, and we have also recovered a lot. We are not just in the beginning ... Do you understand what I mean?"
 Li Hao nodded and said,"understood!" So, you can fight at any time now, but general Huai of heaven battling city, even if I pay 100 million divine power stones, he may only have just recovered and his strength is still extremely weak. He is still not as strong as you, right?"
 "Of course!"
 "Then, how is your strength ... Among the nine Imperial families?"
 The big tree was silent for a moment before continuing to use his spirit.""The one from the royal family was The Guardian monster plant of the main city of the Heavenly Star Town. We ... Are slightly weaker than him. The others are on par with me."
 "Undying or peak level?"
 Li Hao sent another question, it shouldn't be a Saint, right?
 "Yes,"
 The giant tree did not deny it. In fact, he would know if he really checked some ancient books.
 "You know a lot," it continued,"but the more you know, the more you should understand how powerful we are ..."
 "Of course!"
 Li Hao laughed."By the way, is that person from the royal family a Saint?"
 "Just a little more!"
 Li Hao understood. Peak of immortal realm?
 That was indeed not weak!
 "So, you are also undying?"
 "Yes,"
 "Then now ... I mean, if I lure a Paragon here, can you kill him?" Li Hao smiled.  "Peak? There's no peak now ... And it's impossible for such an existence to appear ..."
 Li Hao laughed."That's hard to say. From what I can see, Qi Pingjiang from the military law Department has already reached the peak of six elements. He's only one step away."
 "That's a world of difference!"
 The giant tree was extremely confident this time.""If he dares to come, I can naturally kill him easily!"
 Understood!
 This guy was at least at the peak of power, which was terrifying.
 p He wondered if the little tree's avatar could match him with the Imperial Palace projection.  The probability was ... Slightly lower.
 Many of these monster plants had been revived.
 Before this, the little tree had only dealt with the countless avatars they had cut off.
 "I understand!"
 Li Hao nodded and said,"wait a few days. I'll talk to you face to face!" I still have something to do tomorrow, so I'll clean up the remaining evil forces outside first. I hope you can understand that working with me will only bring you benefits and no harm. "
 "Of course I understand. Otherwise, I wouldn't have shown myself to you."
 To the giant tree, it didn't matter who he worked with. The key was whether the person could provide him with enough divine power stones to recover.
 As for whether it was the HU family or Li Hao ... Was there a difference?
 No!
 It also wanted Li Hao to understand that resurrecting itself was much more cost-effective than resurrecting the one in heaven battling city. So what if he invested a hundred million divine power stones into that one?
 How many benefits can I give you?
 But I'm different!
 Li Hao turned around and left. He judged that this big tree was at least at the peak of the mountain, which was not the same as the six elements.
  It was very powerful!
 Could they really deal with it if they joined forces and the avatar of the small tree?
 He had 6 elements and Yao si had 5. As for little tree, he was probably only slightly above 6 elements and not even 7 elements.
 However, if they could kill it ... The benefits would be unimaginable.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Also, has the small tree improved?
 He had devoured a lot of Origin Energy before, so it couldn't be that he didn't gain anything, right?
 "If we take down this tree ... The small tree can devour some Origin Energy, director Zhou Can devour some, and we can occupy a ruin ... There will be many benefits!"
 In the end, Li Hao made up his mind.
 F * ck it!
 If you say 5000 divine power stones for a drop of the spring of life, I might not want to do you anymore. 50000 ... If I don't do you, what's the use of keeping you alive?

 The last day of November.
 Number 30.
 The Heavenly Star military governor's office on Jiusi Street was a little noisy.
 Today, the manor was opened!
 Early in the morning, this Street was constantly filled with people. Usually, there were few people, but today, it was packed with people.
 Whether it was to congratulate them, to inquire about the situation, or something else ... For many people, they would not lose anything if they came once, but if they did not come, they might be remembered.
 It was not just Sky Star City. From all directions, the overlords of the provinces, the local forces, and even the existences from the seven divine mountains, including the city of supers, had all come.
 The three great organizations had also sent people in the open or in the dark.
 On the wide street, the surrounding yamens were all open today. When Li Hao moved in, some of them closed their doors, but only two days later, all the yamens on the street of the criminal law Division were open.
 If you're not afraid of death and want to end up like that general of the Tian fa Army, you can continue to close the gates.
  The traffic was heavy.
 The clamor continued.
 At the end of the street, the majestic Criminal Law Division had already changed its plaque. The words "Heavenly Star governor's office" were shining brightly.
 On both sides of the long Street, the Demon Hunters and the night patrollers crossed each other to defend.
 To the night patrollers, after today ... They were no longer the night patrollers of the inspection Office, but the night patrollers of the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Some were happy, some were troubled, and some hated it.
 But ... What could he change?
 Nothing could be changed.
 ……
 On the long Street.
 At this moment, someone looked at the end and sighed,""I didn't expect this. I've only been in stellarsky city for a little more than a month, and I've already taken down nine divisions and one division, forcing the other eight divisions to not dare to fight back. What a heroic style!"
 "A hero? Even his teacher, Yuan Shuo, can't do anything. Is he really that capable?"
 "That's true!"
 On the street, a few old people were chuckling. When they talked about Yuan Shuo, they also chuckled.
 Yuan Shuo, the leader of the pack back then.
 Old demon five birds 'reputation had intimidated the entire martial arts world, and now ... It had come to an end. On the other hand, his disciple could be considered to have completely made a name for himself, and everyone knew about him.
 The few old men looked around and glanced at the Demon Hunter Army martial masters.
 "You're full of energy. A bunch of good lads. As expected of Silver Moon martial masters!" Zhang xuan nodded.
 "I can't be considered a Silver Moon Martial Master!"
 There were also elders who shook their heads."They've entered the official's family and have the official's meals. The demon Sword isn't running a martial arts school. They're running a governor's office and are in charge of the world's criminal law. These guys ... In the past, they were all lackeys ..."
 "Old ways of thinking!"
 "Stubborn old man!"
 "I'm just saying ... What are you guys scolding me for?"
 The few elders chimed in one after another, looking rather carefree.
 Soon, someone saw something and looked in a certain direction. The old men all looked in that direction. After a moment, someone sneered,""Chen Zhongtian, this old thing really knows how to live!"
  Not far away.  The old Secretary of the inspection Division and his son walked over leisurely.
 He also saw a few people and recognized them. He smiled and looked calm.
 Beside him, Chen Yao also looked over and frowned.""Martial Master?"
 A group of martial masters!
 They didn't feel ... Weak.
 The old Secretary laughed."He's a Martial Master, an old Martial Master from Silver moon's previous generation. He's not much younger than me, so I didn't expect him to still be alive." 20 years ago, when the superpowers rose, these guys wanted to attack stellarsky city, but they were defeated by the combined forces of the imperial family of the nine divisions, and a large number of people died. "
 Chen Yao thought for a moment and nodded. He remembered that.
 But ... He didn't participate.
 Back then, he had still been weak, and some of the older generation experts had also participated in the battle. Both sides had also fought in the stellarsky Sea region, and it seemed that Silvermoon and the other old martial masters had wanted to seize something.
 He did not expect that these people would come out of the mountains again after so many years.
 "What are they doing here?"
 "Li Hao?" Chen Yao was a little confused."At the current stage, their presence won't be of much use. They want to get some benefits from Li Hao?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com “……”
 The old Secretary couldn't help but laugh.
 "Can't they come to congratulate you? Besides, if Li Hao's group hadn't dealt with the strong enemy ahead of time, you would have been able to see these old guys fighting Zhan Jiusi today!"
 If it wasn't settled in advance, these people would definitely join the battle since they were here today.
 Some of these senior martial masters were not weak.
 Chen Yao did not say anything more.
 Today, there was a high chance that everything would be safe and sound. The nine divisions would not look for trouble, and neither would the royal family. Who in stellarsky city would look for trouble at this time?
 That would be an idiot.
 ……
 At this moment, the main gate of the Heavenly Star military governor's office was wide open.
 Behind the gate, an empty space had been set up as a venue, and it was extremely lively.
  In the surroundings, Demon Hunter Army troops stood in great numbers, and the liveliness was also somewhat festive.
 There was no food or wine, only chairs. In front of them, some chairs were equipped with a row of tables, with some tea and snacks on them. Only the major forces were qualified to sit in these seats.
 There was a nameplate on it.
 The eight divisions, the royal family, the seven divine mountains, and the city of superpowers were the three great organizations.
 20 chairs!
 Many people took a deep breath when they saw this scene. How arrogant. They even put up the nameplates of the three major organizations. Was this a slap to the faces of the three major organizations, or were they really allowed to participate?
 After these 20 organizations were the names of the provinces. Other than that, there were also some more well-known local superpower organizations. The chairs were placed side by side and it was a little shabby. However, just looking at the nameplates was shocking.
 What was Li Hao trying to do ... By putting on this stance?
 You're taking note of those who don 't?
 Also, the two mountain chieftains of stupa mountain and heavenly ROC mountain had died. Would they come here?

 The two forces still had experts.
 However, he didn't even have time to go into seclusion right now, so how could he come over to congratulate you?
 At the very front, there was a row of long benches that faced the audience. That was the main stage.
 At this moment, they were all lined up.
 When Chen Yao arrived, he was the first of the eight divisions to arrive, followed by the people from the financial and internal affairs divisions.
 The people who came were not ordinary people, they were all secretaries.
 The old Secretary did not come, but mu hai and Liu Yunqing came personally.
 Those who had arrived in advance were secretly shocked. The three secretaries had come in person. What a Grand display. The nine divisions had really given them face. Li Hao had killed many experts of the nine divisions, and it was already a show of respect for them to send someone to congratulate him. The secretaries had come in person ... Was there going to be another war?
 All of a sudden, some people started to panic.
 At this moment, Yao si arrived.
  Yao si didn't say much and directly walked up to the stage. He sat down in his seat and looked at the secretaries. He smiled and glanced at the inspector. He didn't expect Chen Zhongtian to come personally.
 This was interesting!
 After a while, the people from the Division of Administration and the military law Department came together. There were still two secretaries, both of whom were the current secretaries. They were Qi Pingjiang's son, Qi Dinghai. One was Pingjiang, and the other was Dinghai. They could be considered to be of the same lineage.
 Just like Qi Pingjiang, the current military law secretary also had a serious expression and was extremely dignified.
 He looked slightly younger than Qi Pingjiang, but not by much.
 He also brought a few people with him. Yao si recognized one of them and raised his brows slightly. That was Yuan xingwu. He was also a late stage sunguang superhuman. At this moment, he was following Qi Dinghai. He didn't know what the military law Department was up to.
 As for the administrative division, it was a refined man with a scholarly air. He looked to be in his forties or fifties. He smiled at Yao si. He was the current Secretary of the administrative division, Zhao huaimin.
 His father had given him this name for another reason. His father cared for the people of the world. Decades ago, the person at the Division of Administration had indeed done it, but now ... He might have forgotten about it.
 Yao si looked at the two of them. These two, the Father was strong and the Son was not weak.
 The two of them didn't look like much on the outside, but ... There was a high probability that they were experts with three Sacred Arts.
 Most of these top-tier powerhouses had walked the path of martial masters.
 Before the nine divisions, there had been many martial masters, and even top-notch powerhouses, who had walked the path of martial masters. However, recently, perhaps because of the pressure, or because they felt that they could convert their superpowers back, or ... It seemed that they had all stepped into the divine power level.
 Such an expert was also stronger than ordinary divine arts.
 With the arrival of these two, almost all the powerhouses of the eight divisions had arrived.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com There were six secretaries, five current secretaries and one old Secretary.
 Gaogong, rites Department, and the Department of Commerce did not send any secretaries. Only the three deputy secretaries came. The current secretaries of gaogong and rites Department were all dead, so why would the older generation come?  Over at the Department of Commerce, Qian Wanhao had been killed, and his son would obviously not come over.
 The Deputy Secretary had to think about it for a long time before he could come over, and the military law Division and the Division of Administration had to ask for his help.
 As for the royal family, a few people had also come this time.
 Of the nine Kings of the imperial family, two had died, and there were still Seven Kings left.
 This time, Zhennan Wang had come in person and brought along a few princes and princesses, including the seventh Princess and the ninth Prince.
 When the Duke of the South arrived, even Jiu Si was slightly surprised.
 Duke of the South was the only Prince who led the Army on the side of the royal family. He was a true general who led an Army of 600000 troops. He was stationed at the edge of the southern sea, facing off against the Duke of Wu in the South.
 The dynasty had three Dukes with foreign surnames. The founding Duke was the an Duke in the West, the dingguo Duke in the East, and the Wu Duke in the South. Among them, the Wu Duke in the South had the most military achievements in the past, and the South was rich. He had always been an existence that the dynasty was extremely afraid of.
 Compared to the Duke of dingguo, the Duke of Wuguo's side was more overbearing. He had wanted to cross the sea directly to the North several times. However, with the presence of Zhennan Wang, the two sides had been at a stalemate for some years. Even the nine divisions did not interfere and did not strip Zhennan Wang of his military power.
 But today, the Duke of the South had actually returned.
 Everyone had different thoughts, and they were all confused. Did Duke Wu and Duke Zhennan reach an agreement, or was it something else?
 Otherwise, wouldn't Duke of Wu go to the North if Zhennan Wang ran away?
 In the next moment ... Everyone was no longer confused.
 At this moment, a group of people strode in from outside the gate. The leader of the group was a man with a strong and stocky build. He stepped forward and swept his eyes across the crowd. He said indifferently,"Are the three high Duke's public houses not worthy of seats?"
 "Duke of Wu!"
  Some people were extremely surprised!
 The three high Dukes had not entered the capital for many years, each dominating their own region. Today, the Wu High Duke from the South had actually come to sky stars city personally. No wonder!
 No wonder the Duke of the South came back. Since the Duke of Wu was here, it didn't matter if he stayed or not.
 Just as he said that, another group of people walked in from outside. The person in the lead was slightly cultured and slightly plump. He was wearing a brocade robe,""Big brother Wu is here too?"
 "Quelling Duke, we're not that close!" Duke of Wu said without even turning his head.
 “……”
 The chubby man did not mind. He smiled and looked at yang Shan, who was not far away. At this moment, yang Shan seemed a little afraid, but he quickly straightened his back and looked at the man with an arrogant expression.
 The quelling Duke smiled and nodded slightly. He didn't mind.
 Yang Shan used to be the quelling Duke Manor's Minister of offerings, but in the end ... He had betrayed and fled.
 He had been hiding his identity with Qin Lian and had no traces of him.

 However, a few days ago, yang Shan actually appeared and participated in the battle to ambush the SI Hai Group. His wife also participated in the battle of the star sea. Did this couple think that they could do whatever they wanted with Li Hao?
 As the quelling Duke thought of this, he still had a smile on his face.
 At this moment, many people were surprised.
 Of the three great public houses, other than the Duke dingguo's mansion that was in a terrible fix, the other two had actually come, and ... It was the Duke of state!
 Just as he was thinking, a person appeared.
 Director Zhou appeared.
 He had a smile on his face: "Duke Wu must be joking. I just thought that the two of you would be too far away and would not rush here. Hence ... I have neglected you. Someone, quickly arrange a seat for the two of you!"
 Soon, someone came forward and brought two chairs over. The position of the chairs ... Was right behind the royal family.
 He was not in the first row.
 Duke Wu looked at director Zhou and said,"The three high Duke's public houses and the founding Duke are not even as good as the three Darksider organizations?"
  Director Zhou didn't mind and laughed,"You must be joking, Duke. The three major Darksider organizations are lawless and unconvinced of education. The two high Dukes can't possibly be on the same level as the imperial family, it's not appropriate!"
 "Of course, if Duke Wu wishes to sit in the first row, you can also ... Men, arrange a seat in the first row!"
 Duke Wu glanced at him and smiled,""Forget it, you have good manners!"
 As for the eight divisions, the three great organizations, and the city of superpower ... It was clear that these people were all rebellious against the royal family. If you wanted to make it public now, you would also want to be the rebellious King, and you could sit in the first row.
 Duke Wu glanced at him and knew that he was the Silver Moon's Deputy Director. He smiled and did not say anything else, bringing his men to their seats.
 As for the quelling Duke, he smiled brightly and nodded his head. He walked over and sat beside the Duke of Wu.
 In front of him, the Duke of the South was unmoving like a mountain.
 The seventh Princess turned her head to take a look. She felt a little uncomfortable. The three great Dukes had opposed each other in the early years. The Duke of Wu had even confronted the Duke of Zhennan for many years. Now, he was sitting behind them. She felt a little uncomfortable. She felt that these two people would attack them at any time.
 However, the Duke of the South was unmoved. Although the two princes and princesses were a little awkward, they didn't say anything.
 Today was the opening day of the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Although he didn't know what these two were up to, even if they were looking for trouble ... They wouldn't do it now, unless they were going to have a bloody battle with Li Hao.
 At this moment, the people behind him also took their seats.
 There were people from 99 provinces. Some important figures from the nearby provinces had come, while those who were further away had come from the offices in stellarsky city. Almost every one of them had come. Even if there were no orders from the province ... Some people still took the initiative to come.
 Even if they didn't show their support, there was no need to offend anyone.
 There was no need!
 The Chiefs of the provinces were no fools. Li Hao was fighting with someone else, and they would be killed if they got involved.
 Even someone from Linjiang province, which was on bad terms with Li Hao, had come. Even though it was only a three suns expert, he had already given Li Hao enough face.
 Just as everyone was exchanging greetings in low voices, someone else came.
 In the blink of an eye, a few people flew over.  They landed at the entrance and were all very young.
 The people from SuperPower City!
 "Here we are." Without further ado, zhang xuan headed straight ahead and swiftly found his seat. Seeing that he was standing side by side with the others, he was quite satisfied and took his own seat.
 At this time, there were still people outside who had not come in. They were all watching the show.
 Those who dared to watch at this time ... Were not ordinary people.
 For example, the few old men and the old Martial Master from Silvermoon.
 There were also some famous martial artists who were not from the official circles but were all Jianghu heroes. At this moment, they did not enter the door but just watched from the outside. They wanted to join in the fun. Perhaps there would be a fight.
 Although it was dangerous, there were always people who weren't afraid of death.
 There were also some who looked like spies. They might be from the three major organizations or the seven sacred mountains. However, no one pursued the matter and allowed them to investigate.
 Just then, a group of people walked over from the backyard of the governor's office.
 ……
 Li Hao was wearing his battle armor. The Golden armor was very eye-catching, so he had changed its color. Today, he was wearing red armor to make it look more festive ... Of course, to outsiders, it looked more bloody!
 Hong Yitang and the others followed Li Hao to the front and took their seats.
 Li Hao looked down and smiled."Thank you for your honor, everyone. I didn't expect so many people to come!"
 "The guests have arrived, but why are there no dishes or wine?" he frowned.
 Director Zhou looked at Li Hao and said,""Serve the wine and food!"
 Many people were surprised to hear that.
  In the next moment, the group of people's expressions changed slightly.
 At this moment, a giant Roc was carried out by dozens of soldiers. Li Hao smiled and said,""Powerful demon, your flesh is nourishing! Men, cut it. It's more flavorful and chewy to eat it raw! I'll let you all have a taste!"
 Some people's expressions changed.
 The master of the heavenly Peng mountain!
 Li Hao was indeed impressive. He had directly carried the corpse of the sky ROC Mountain Master out. This fellow ... Was truly brutal!
 Some people in the crowd were extremely calm.
 As the huge demon was cut up by the soldiers, pieces of its flesh were placed on the table. The people behind could only place them on their legs. At this moment, no one dared to say anything.
 The people in front looked at the flesh that was still emitting cold air ... Some people closed their eyes and didn't say a word, while some people laughed and directly used their knives and forks to eat the meat!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "What, is it not to your liking?"
 Li Hao laughed."I heard that the meat of a Phoenix is more fragrant. How about I change the taste next time?"

 Below, before the others could speak, Duke Wu laughed,""Governor li is going to kill the master of Phoenix Mountain? I'm looking forward to it. The next time I kill the master of Phoenix Mountain, I'll get a piece of his flesh!"
 "How heroic!"
 Li Hao smiled, I'll definitely do it next time! I'll give you some after I kill that beast. I've given them a place to stay, but they're not coming. I'm going to destroy Phoenix Mountain!"
 Some people felt a chill in their hearts!
 This guy ... He really sounded like a martial arts fanatic. Even if someone from Phoenix Mountain came, they might end up the same.
 Of course, Phoenix Mountain was unpredictable. It was said that a divine mountain was made of divine weapons and could be moved at will. It was hard to say whether Li Hao could destroy it.
 Perhaps he was just bragging!
 Li Hao laughed for a while. In front of him, there was also a piece of ... Cooked meat!
 ,m Someone saw this scene ... And couldn't help but curse.  We're eating raw meat, but you're eating cooked meat.
  Li Hao smiled."It's my first time doing this kind of thing, so I'm not familiar with it. Opening a mansion is just a formality ... But since everyone is here, I'll say a few things. It can be considered opening a mansion!"
 "First, from today onwards, the night watchman will officially join the Heavenly Star military governor's office. Minister Yao si will continue to serve as the Minister and also the Deputy Governor of the military governor's office!"
 "Second, hou Xiaochen will be the northern governor of the four protectorates! He Yong of the southern Fist would become the governor of the South! The Sword of Light, Hu Jiao, would be the governor of the East. Yang Shan will be the governor of the West!"
 At this moment, there was complete silence below.
 "Third," Li Hao continued,"jiantian Star Institute of martial arts, earth-shattering sword-flood Hall, will be the Dean of the Institute!"
 "Fourth, Zhou Chuan will be the director of the administration department of the jiantian star governor's office!"
 "Fifth, the Demon Hunter Army will be reorganized, and Liu Long will be the commander of the Demon Hunter Army!"
 Li Hao said calmly,"this is the next system of the governor's office. The four governors will be in charge of the superpowers of the four regions. The administration department will be in charge of the laws of the world. All civilian work will be handed over to the administration department!"
 "The night patrollers will be split into five parts. The headquarters and the areas under the jurisdiction of the four military governors!"
 "The sky Star martial Academy ... Will spread martial arts, accept civilians, and let civilians have the opportunity to learn martial arts!"
 Li Hao smiled and said,"what do you think of my arrangement?" I'm young and don't know much about these things ... I can only casually assign these duties. What do you think?"
 The crowd was still digesting the information.
 At this moment, the quelling Duke laughed."Naturally, no one can question Governor Li's internal arrangements. It's just that ... Governor Li, I have a small question ..."
 "Just say it!"
 "This yang Shan ..."  He laughed."In the past, it was a high official of our High Duke's public house who stole our High Duke's public house's precious treasure and has been on the run until now. On the day he escaped, he even killed some people. The military governor said that he would be dealt with strictly according to the law. This yang Shan killed and robbed, but today he has become the Western military governor under the jurisdiction of the military governor's office in a grand manner ... I don't know if the military governor li has been bewitched. Yang Shan ... He's a sinner. What right does he have to enforce the law on behalf of the military governor's office?"
 Li Hao looked at yang Shan, who bowed.""Governor, please report. Yang Shan fled because the quelling Duke colluded with the Pirates. I was unwilling to be in the same boat, so I killed the pirate leader and the person who colluded with the Pirates. Later, I was hunted down by the quelling Duke's public house and had no choice but to conceal my identity ..."
 "Colluding with Pirates?" the quelling Duke laughed. Yang Shan, you're fabricating this without evidence? "Do you know that I don't mind slandering a Duke, but you're tarnishing the reputation of the military governor's office? Governor li has always regarded the law as the sky, but you're lawless and casually accusing others. If this goes on, won't the reputation of the military governor's office be tarnished by you?"
 "It's true that you killed people and stole their treasures. You also admitted it yourself!"
 He looked at Li Hao."Governor li, even if we don't deal with this person strictly, we can't appoint him as the governor of the West. Otherwise ... The Heavenly Star governor's office will be criticized the day it is established!"
 Li Hao looked at him.
 It was the quelling Duke.
 This fellow was the first one to make trouble when no one else had found fault with him. Of course, he had his reasons and evidence, and his words were clear and logical. It was not impossible to suppress him by force ... But in this way, the so-called strict law enforcement of the Heavenly Star military governor's office had become a joke.
 This was the foundation!
 If the foundation was shaken, he would lose the trust of the outside world.
 Even if he really colluded with the Pirates, do you have evidence?
 Li Hao smiled and looked at yang Shan. Without evidence ... You dare to frame the an nation Duke, this is no small matter!"
 "If there's any evidence, I'll take down the Duke of an country on the spot and behead him as a warning to the world ... Those who collude with Pirates should be killed without mercy!" He said.
 The an country Duke's expression changed slightly at these words, but he quickly calmed down.
  Li Hao was still arrogant!
 But ... Where did you get the evidence?
 What a joke!
 As for now, as the leader, he naturally had his own plans, which he did not need to tell others.
 He knew that Li Hao's group was difficult to deal with, but he wasn't afraid of anything.
 Yang Shan said in a deep voice,"yes!" I have a video of the people of the quelling Duke Manor communicating with the pirate leader ..."
 The quelling Duke frowned slightly and said,""That doesn't prove anything."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Video recording?
 This thing had been banned for a long time. He did not expect yang Shan to still have a trick up his sleeve.
 Yang Shan ignored him and continued,"I used to work in the high Duke's public house and have been in charge of the matters in the backyard. I saw the pirate leader enter the high Duke's public house and have a secret discussion with someone. I also recorded the entire process ..."

 The quelling Duke frowned. How was this possible?
 Qin Lian's betrayal was only a spur of the moment idea. How could she have recorded all this long ago?
 This yang Shan ... Is bluffing me?
 At this moment, many people were a little nervous. They didn't understand what the quelling Duke meant. So what if he wanted to open the manor? just listen carefully. Why did he have to come from the West and get involved? did he really think that Li Hao couldn't kill him?
 Li Hao laughed,"really?" If it's true, no matter how the an country Duke quibbles, he's a transcendent. Even if there's no direct evidence, we have to arrest him and confiscate the high Duke's public house before interrogating him!"
 At this moment, he also looked at the quelling Duke with some doubts.
 The eighth Department and the royal family did not say anything. You are the Duke of an country, and you came all the way from the West to find trouble ... What are you thinking?
 Did water enter his brain?
 Or did he think that he could just stand out and take the money?
 He didn't quite understand!
  However, he didn't mind if someone was willing to sacrifice their lives for him.
 As for whether there was a video ... Who knew.
 Let's scare him first!
 That's right, Li Hao didn't know whether it was true or not. No one had expected the quelling Duke to launch an attack. Li Hao had never thought that the other party would send someone. Even if they did, he didn't expect the quelling Duke to come in person.
 Li Hao wasn't too sure of the purpose of Duke Wu's arrival.
 Hence, Li Hao wasn't sure if yang Shan's words were true or if yang Shan was just trying to scare him. Video recording had long been banned by the nine departments of the imperial family. What a coincidence that you brought it with you?
 Even Li Hao felt that it was fake!
 Yang Shan did not say much and quickly whispered a few words. Soon, someone carried a big screen over. Yang Shan took out something from his storage ring. Some people recognized it. It was really a videotape.
 At this moment, the quelling Duke also frowned slightly!
 Previously, he had thought that it was fake, but at this moment, he realized that it had really been recorded. No one should know that he had suddenly made a move, so yang Shan would not have known in advance and prepared this in advance. He could only say that it was true!
 His expression changed slightly, and he frowned slightly. He said indifferently,""This thing can also be faked! Seeing may not be believing, not to mention that it's just a technology from the ancient civilization. It's not difficult to make some changes. "
 Yang Shan said in a deep voice,"then High Duke means ... This can't be considered evidence?" All because of a single sentence from the Duke? If the duke says I'm guilty, I'm guilty? State Duke, are you overthinking things? this place ... Is not the quelling Duke Manor!"
 He raised his head and looked at him coldly."Since that's the case, Duke, you said that I stole and killed. You should at least show some evidence. I killed Pirates and took their stolen goods. I've already handed them over to the stellarsky governor's office. Do you have any other explanation?"
 Then, he looked at him coldly and stopped playing the videotape in his hand.
 In his heart, he was cursing, looking for trouble?
 Fortunately, I have the videotape!
  But ... She didn't dare to really release it.  This videotape recorded ... The sex between me and my wife ... Well, he has a little special Hobby. If he really released it, he would be scared to death.
 He was betting that the an country Duke would not let him!
 In the dark, Qin Lian's body was stiff and she was already sweating profusely. She was cursing in her heart. 'I'm done for today. Watch how i hack this guy to death.' She was also scared when yang Shan took out the videotape.
 You really dared to take it!
 The quelling Duke smiled faintly."Forget it. Since you don't want to admit it ... Then we'll talk about it later. Today is the opening day of the Heavenly Star governor's manor. I don't want to disturb Governor Li's mood!"
 It would be best if he could make Li Hao look bad.
 If he couldn't ... Then so be it, and there was no need to force Li Hao to fall out with him.
 Li Hao looked at him and then at yang Shan. He really wanted to say,"release him! Release him and I'll kill this guy!"
 You dare to cause trouble!
 Are you tired of living?
 Even if this guy brought a real peak-level demon here today, I'll kill him ...
 However, yang Shan did not want to let go.
 Li Hao glanced at yang Shan and saw that he was sweating. Li Hao realized something and said,""Yang Shan, forget it. The quelling Duke is just having a verbal war. Whether there's evidence or not, we'll investigate after the matter. We can't get back at the bad guys, but we can't get back at the good guys either!"
 "I understand!" Yang Shan lowered his head.
 With that, he waved his hand and some soldiers removed the screen.
  Some people felt that something was amiss and glanced at yang Shan. However, since the person in question, the quelling Duke, was silent, they didn't want to offend Li Hao.
 Yang Shan also put away the videotape and heaved a sigh of relief. He had scared his father.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Fortunately, he had a hobby. They would not have thought that he would bring some videotapes with him.
 'Hmm, that's good. I have to keep this hobby.'
 Yang Shan thought to himself and felt satisfied with his own cleverness. Otherwise, if the an country Duke had gotten hold of something and really made him a criminal in front of everyone ... Li Hao's prestige would be instantly suppressed.
 Li Hao didn't dwell on this matter, as if he didn't care.
 He continued,"that's all for these matters!" "There's another thing that I want to say. Next, the Heavenly Star governor's office will be reorganizing the transcendent realm, setting up some transcendent rules, and issuing them to the world. I hope that everyone, as leaders, will be able to execute them according to the law!"
 On the side of the inspection Office, Chen Yao said,""I wonder what this extraordinary technique generally involves?"
 ,m "It's simple. There aren't too many restrictions. We're all transcendents and we know the thoughts of transcendents."  Li Hao laughed."Nothing more than a few things. You are not to disturb the civilians, you are not to wantonly damage the civilians 'property, and you are not to wantonly fly in the Urban area. All Extraordinaries must be registered and registered with the local night patrolman branch. All The Extraordinaries in the world must be registered. All The Extraordinaries who are not registered ... Are considered dark powers!"

 Everyone's expression changed slightly.
 Someone coldly said,"according to what I know, a portion of transcendents cultivate in ancient ruins. Do they need to register as well?" Then the existences that survived the ancient civilization also had to be registered? Since everyone is equal, those who don't register ... Are the star military governor going to kill them?"
 Li Hao laughed,"what's wrong with that?" It's just a registration, and there's no restriction on you. After you come out, register immediately and report to the night patrolman. Is it difficult? As for those who didn't register after coming out and broke the law, they would naturally be killed! There's no need to worry about this!"
 Everyone sneered in their hearts!
 He really took himself seriously!
 The people from SuperPower City laughed and did not say anything. Obviously, the registration of transcendents could be a big deal. If that was the case, which force would be willing to do it?
 If Li Hao really wanted to do this ... He would face a huge counterattack sooner or later!
 Do you need to register all the hidden experts and reclusive experts?
 What a big face you have!
 Silver Moon might not even agree to it.
  Be careful of being deserted by your loved ones!
 Someone else laughed and said,"then what about the demon forces?" There are powerful demons everywhere. Does the star military governor's office even have to manage the demon race?"
 Li Hao said indifferently,"why not?" The Heavenly Star was the human race's territory. The demon race had long surrendered to the human race, registered, and protected by the human race. They lived in harmony, friendly and United. This was the right path! If he was stubborn, then he would kill him! What, could it be that the dignified human race had to bow down to the demons and work like cows and horses? But today, some human beings have gone soft in the face of demons. They are obedient to demons but extremely harsh to humans without dignity or bottom line!"
 The moment these words came out, ninety-nine percent of the people present changed their expressions.
 Monster plants were also monsters.
 Someone looked at Li Hao, his expression changing. The Duke of the South, who had been silent all this time, suddenly said,""Governor li and the monster plant ... Didn't come into contact?"
 Li Hao smiled."Yes, but I won't bow down to you or grovel. I only need 3000 divine power stones to exchange a drop of the spring of life from the monster plant. It's an equivalent exchange. It's a win-win cooperation ..."
 BOOM!
 Everyone's expression changed. Was this for real?
 3000 Yuan?
 Li Hao said indifferently,"I didn't say that we can't cooperate with the demon clan or give them respect. We just need to live in peace and obey the rules. Anything is fine!" There's no problem for demons to enter the human world. As long as it's not illegal, anything is fine!"
 No one cared about this. At this time, Chen Yao could not help but ask,""You said ... How many divine energy stones do you need to exchange for a drop of the spring of life?"
 " 3000!" Li Hao frowned.
 "It's not a cultivation-aiding energy stone?"
 "Nonsense!"
 Li Hao said bluntly,'I've consumed nearly 1000 drops of the spring of life these days. If it's 30000, wouldn't it be tens of millions? "I don't have the money to spend it. As for the divine power stones you guys threw into Yuanping martial Sciences University ... I didn't get a single one!"
 Everyone looked at each other. As for Li Hao, he looked at Liu Yunqing and said indifferently,""Secretary Liu probably knows, right? A bunch of idiots. They just threw the divine power Stone on the ground and revived a powerhouse ... They deserve to die!"
 Some people's expressions changed, and some looked at Liu Yunqing. Liu Yunqing was expressionless and didn't reply.  However, everyone knew that ... This person might really know.
 'Damn it!'
 Liu Yunqing did not say anything. It was best to remain silent at this moment. It would be wrong to say anything more.
 However, everyone also knew why those people, including the monster plant clone, were all gone. Perhaps no one had resurrected at first, but in the end, the divine energy stone was thrown on the ground ... And all of it was absorbed by someone. How could it not be resurrected?
 Hundreds of millions!
 Even a Saint could be revived!
 The more he thought about it, the more depressed he became. So, the previous failures were all caused by this?
 This ... Really made him want to vomit blood!
 And 3000 Yuan for a drop ... That was also quite a headache. They could pay at least 50000 Yuan and at most 60000 Yuan. Wasn't that ten to twenty times more than Li Hao?
 He knew that those monster plants must have embezzled some, but he didn't expect ... To embezzle so much!
 Everyone's heart trembled. In that case, these monster plants might be even more powerful and were secretly accumulating strength.
 He had to be more careful!
 Chen Yao was not interested in talking about anything else. He said in high spirits,""Then Governor li ... Are you interested in helping to exchange for some of the spring of life?"
 Li Hao smiled and nodded."Sure ... But you can join the star military governor's office!" It's 3000 Yuan for a drop of merit points. It's definitely not much, it'll only be less. Different levels have different exchange rates. This is normal, right?"
 Chen Yao was speechless.
 Forget it, just pretend I didn't say anything.
 However, everyone was thinking that the trade with the monster plant could not continue like this. Even if others exchanged 10 drops, it would not be enough for you to exchange for one drop. No wonder Li Hao improved so quickly and did not seem to lack resources.
  è‰1!
 This is not fair!
 No matter what, this time, he had to have a good talk with the monster plant. The monster plant was killing the goose that laid the golden eggs. It was not good for everyone.
 "Governor li, are you willing to sell it?" someone asked.
 "Of course," Li Hao said with a smile." 30000 a drop will do. It's cheaper than what you guys are exchanging for."
 No one said a word.
 Even though it was cheap, when they thought about how Li Hao would gain more, this would be helping the enemy ... Forget it, even if they had to exchange it for a higher price with the monster plants, they couldn't let Li Hao have it so easily. However, some people were tempted.
 30,000 a drop ... That's fine too!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The royal family sold it for 100000 Yuan, and people still bought it!
 As for whether Li Hao earned it or someone else earned it, it made no difference to them.

 This time, some people felt a chill in their hearts.
 This won't do!
 In this case, if someone really wanted to trade with Li Hao, Li Hao would fall behind by 90%. Wouldn't he become stronger and stronger?
 But they ... Were they going to post a copy to sell?
 All of a sudden, everyone felt a headache coming on. This bastard Li Hao was definitely doing this on purpose. Was he forcing everyone to sell the spring of life at a loss for 30000 Yuan per drop?
 Otherwise, not only would Li Hao make money, but he would also have a group of experts who would work for him!
 This guy was too black-hearted!
 The imperial family of the nine divisions had been suppressing the birth of experts among the people. Without the spring of life, one couldn't enter divine power after metamorphosis. However, Li Hao had opened up an opening ... Perhaps a large number of Metamorphoses, and even top-notch martial masters, would take the initiative to join Li Hao.
 This guy meant that he could provide an unlimited supply of the spring of life!
 At this moment, everyone fell silent, thinking of a solution. They had not paid much attention to Li Hao's previous words, as they were all just Li Hao's delusions. This matter was the only real trouble!
  After a long time, mu hai from the Department of Internal Affairs spoke."I don't care about these things. I just want to know. The people who were captured by Governor li, including my daughter ... When will there be any results?"
 Li Hao laughed."I wanted to behead her today, but ... I'll let it go today. I've been paying too much attention to them. In a few days, I'll behead all the guilty ones. As for chief MU's daughter, it's not a big problem. It's just a small mistake. She'll be locked up for two to three years!"
 Mu hai looked at him for a while, and after a long time, he lowered his head and did not speak again.
 Li Hao was really going to imprison his daughter!
 This bastard!
 But at least he didn't say he would cut her off!
 Li Hao smiled and looked at the crowd. His smile was bright. Not bad. Other than the fearless Duke of an country, no one else was looking for trouble.
 It was considered smooth!
 As for the quelling Duke, he would deal with him later.
 Just as he was thinking, he suddenly laughed out loud, his voice reverberating in all directions.
 "Today is the opening of the Heavenly Star governor's office. It is worth celebrating for the rules of the transcendent tree!"
 "Since ancient times, no one knows of the powerful, only Feng Yun left his name! Three days later, the wind cloud Pavilion would release the divine arts ranking and the God tier master ranking, leaving a name for itself in the Silver Moon land! It's also a congratulatory gift for the Heavenly Star governor's office!"
 "Hahaha!"
 Laughter resounded. In the next moment, many figures rose into the air. Li Hao's eyes flickered as he looked around and sneered."Stop pretending! The bullsh * t Fengyun Pavilion is not worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as the new martial arts power chart. "  It wasn't that he didn't know anything!
 At this moment, he knew that the person behind the God tier masters list had appeared and was going to cause trouble!
 It was said that during the ancient civilization period, the Billboard was released, which led to the exposure of countless powerhouses. Soon, a large-scale slaughter occurred!
 However, at this moment, no one saw the figure of the person who had come.
 He seemed to have left!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, had an unsightly expression and didn't say anything.
 Fengyun Pavilion...They actually took advantage of this day when I was gathering all the powerhouses to set the rules and steal my limelight. They have bad intentions!
 Originally, the God tier Masters Ranking list was just a toy that not many powerhouses would care about.
 Yet, the other party actually wanted to leave the divine powers ranking!
 To leave a name for Silvermoon's powerhouses ... What big words!
 At this moment, the powerhouses 'faces turned ugly.
 Fengyun Pavilion!
 It was an organization that they had never heard of, but they had all heard of the God tier Masters Ranking list. They had also checked it out, but they had not found anything. They had long known that there was someone behind it, but they did not expect that the other party was so strong!
  Could the ranking list really leave the names of the powerhouses behind?
 They didn't believe it!
 No one could have information on all the experts in the four directions.
 Now, even Li Hao's opening of a Manor and setting up rules had become secondary. On the eve of the second revival, all kinds of evil people had emerged.
 It seemed that someone didn't want everyone to be so peaceful.
 There would definitely be some shocking changes and names on this list.
 "Damned thing!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com At this moment, many people were cursing. They were all a little nervous. If they really exposed all the experts from all sides, it might cause a series of problems.
 Whether the other party had such a method, no one could be sure.
 It was recorded in the ancient books that someone had come up with this ranking list during the ancient civilization. It really included all the heroes in the world and was a very terrifying existence!

