fileno%d
tar City was as prosperous as ever.
 Yesterday's battle was already over. It was as if everything had returned to its original state, except for the north gate, which was slightly damaged. There were no changes except for the hundreds of corpses and hundreds of heads hanging on the north gate ...
 However, the weather seemed to have improved.
 It was already November, and it was already cold in stellarsky city. Yesterday, thunder and lightning struck everywhere, and dark clouds covered the sky while strong winds howled.
 Today, the sun had come out. A ray of sunlight broke through the darkness and shone down.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com On this day, the bustling sky stars city welcomed the long-lost sunlight.
 On the streets, children were running and adults were busy.
 The merchants opened their doors early, and the guests came and went. Everything was as before.
 A team of supers in the night patrol uniform was walking on the street.
  The merchants and pedestrians who used to avoid them like poisonous scorpions were still timid today, but they did not disperse. Instead, they looked at them with some curiosity, some strangeness, and some doubt.
 He seemed to be asking ... Are you guys from the star military governor's office?
 A few night patrollers were walking on the street and patrolling in all directions. They felt uncomfortable being stared at by so many people, as if their bodies were itchy. If it were in the past, they would have already shouted out and bragged about it, enjoying the sight of people fleeing in all directions.
 Today, he did not dare to.
 He just walked silently and looked around. His voice was a little hoarse as he shouted,""The Heavenly Star military governor's office in the North City is under construction. If you have any concerns, you can wait for a few days before making a decision. Where there is injustice, we will go!"
 The two sides were extremely quiet.
 The few night watchmen were also extremely awkward, but they didn't dare to say anything more. They just shouted one sentence and silently moved forward. They waited for a moment before shouting again.
 At this moment, a meat seller in the distance suddenly shouted,""Soldiers, this person owes me 30000 star dollars and he didn't pay me back. I asked him for it, but he threatened me with a knife and wanted to kill me. Can you make the decision?"
 The roar startled a few night patrollers, as well as the pedestrians and merchants in all directions, who all looked over.
 The shop was selling meat. A burly man was holding a pig slaughtering knife and was confronting a person outside the shop. The person outside the shop was also holding a long knife. He was dressed luxuriously, but he looked like a monkey wearing a crown. He was extremely thin and small, but his eyes were cunning.
 When he saw everyone looking at him, his expression changed slightly. He then saw a few night patrollers and hurriedly scolded,""Nonsense, did I say I'm not giving it to you? If I said it's a few days later, would I be short of your meat money? It's just 30000 star dollars, I'll give it to you in two days. I'm purchasing it on behalf of the Marquis "residence, how much less meat money can I give you?"
 In just a short sentence, he stated his identity and said that he would give money. He did not say that he would not give it.
 He knew that many nobles had died yesterday, so he felt a little guilty. He said,""Stop shouting. The military has noticed you because of such a small matter. I'll give you 3000 Yuan. I'll give you the rest tomorrow!"
 He hurriedly rummaged through his pockets and took out a pile of star coins, throwing them into the butcher's shop."" 3000, see that?"  The muscular man's eyes were also filled with ruthlessness. He gritted his teeth and said,""Not enough! Give me all 30000! "You've owed me more than one or two days. Every time you come, you leave after buying everything. You don't even take a single cent. I'm just a small business with 30000 star dollars. My shop is about to close down. People like you aren't even a family. I'm prepared to close my shop and take my wife and children out of heavenstar to find a way out ... If I don't get the money today ... At most, I'll fight you to the death!"
 He held the pig slaughtering knife, and his arms were also weak. He roared out these words and left them to fate.
 Usually, he didn't dare to ask for it.
 Even if she was forced to a dead end and everyone outside owed her money, but ... She still didn't dare to ask for it.
 In this era, one could even earn 80000 to 100000 star dollars in a year. That would be considered wealthy anywhere, but ... It was all on the books!
 Looking at the numbers, the account book of the debt was a few feet thick.
 "Today, the house of hou's helpers owes you a few thousand. Tomorrow, the chief's house can owe you a few thousand. The house of hou's purchases can owe you tens of thousands. The house of Secretary can owe you hundreds of thousands ..."
 At the end of the year, not to mention making money, he had already lost all his capital.
 Today, he was going all out!
 He just happened to see the night patrolmen around, so he took a gamble. If it were yesterday, he would have to bow and whisper a few words of flattery, only begging them to give him a few big stones.
 But today, he seemed to be a little more daring and impulsive.
 The hand that was holding the butcher knife kept shaking.
  A few thousand won't do, I'll take them all. If I can't get them back today, I won't have the chance to.
 At most, when I come back today, I'll take my wife and child and escape stellarsky city overnight ...
 A few night patrols looked over and someone said in a low voice,""Let's go and mind our own business. If he's not a transcendent, it has nothing to do with us. It's not a big deal. If anyone has to care, it should be the inspection Office."
 The five of them were considered a team.
 At this moment, someone lowered his voice and said,"ignore it?" With our current situation, if we leave now, this butcher ... Will be beaten to death at home at night. "
 "That has nothing to do with us. If he's dead, the inspection Office can just report it ..."
 "Are you really that stupid? There are so many people watching. Have you forgotten who is up there? If someone were to tell you, do you think the higher-ups would be reasonable with you?"
 As soon as these words were said, the expressions of those who had said that they wouldn't care changed instantly. They had almost forgotten.
 It wasn't that he had forgotten about the Great Buddha above, but that he hadn't recovered from the shock yet. Only now did he remember how fierce and overbearing that person was.

 He was not Huang Long!
 During the time of the yellow Dragon, it would be a good thing if they didn't go up and beat up the meat seller. Why did they call us for some sh * t?
 The next moment, the five night watchmen had no other thoughts. One of them quickly stepped forward and kicked skinny monkey over, shouting coldly,""Are you looking for death? You owe me money and won't pay? The Marquis's Manor? Which Marquis Fu, can you tell me?"
 The person who spoke widened his eyes and said fiercely,"We, the night patrolmen, are still short of some head missions. Come, tell me, which Marquis's residence? The old and rotten Marquis really thought of himself as a scallion? I'll go and ask, which Marquis can't afford 30000 star dollars?"
 With a "bang," he kicked skinny monkey on the ground.
 The skinny monkey didn't expect that the other party would really interfere. He became dispirited all of a sudden. He hugged his head and cried bitterly. He hurriedly said,"Commander, I'll give it, I'll give it! I'm not reneging on the debt, it's just that I didn't have enough money a few days ago ..."
 The butcher gritted his teeth."It's not a one-day debt. It's been a year or two. My shop has only been open for a few years ..."
 Shou hou cursed in his heart!
 At this moment, he didn't dare to say anything more. He hurriedly fumbled around in his arms and took out a stack of star coins. It wasn't enough, so he hurriedly took out a few small gold coins and shouted,""Yes, yes. I'll pay you now. Please stop ..."
 The night watchman snatched it over and casually counted. It was more than 30000.
  He didn't care much and threw it to the butcher. He turned around and glared at skinny monkey, who had a pained expression on his face."If you dare to ask for it back or do anything else, don't even think about getting your head back!"
 Shou hou quickly nodded, but he still carefully said,""My Lord, I'm not a transcendent. I ..."
 Bang! Bang!
 The night patrol kicked him until he rolled on the ground. He scolded,""So what if I'm not a transcendent? It's illegal! Didn't he see who was in charge of the inspection Office? The night patrollers and the inspection Office are all one family, I'm the chief patrol officer!"
 If he had not mentioned it, everyone would have forgotten about it. Now that he did, everyone's hearts were moved. That's right, the night patrollers usually held the position of an inspector, so their ranks were all the same.
 Wouldn't that make them transcendents, and the mortal world fall under their control?
 The surrounding crowd was originally very nervous, but at this moment, someone suddenly clapped and cheered,""Good! Good job, soldier!"
 "Sir, he also owes me money!"
 A peddler hurriedly shouted!
 "Pa pa pa!"
 Many people were clapping and cheering. They were all extremely excited. Some peddlers even hurriedly stood up and shouted. That skinny monkey's face had turned purple.
 The few night patrollers also felt awkward at the moment.
 A group of people clapped and cheered!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com This kind of situation ... Anyway, it had not been seen for at least five or six years. In fact, it was rare five or six years ago because they did not get involved in ordinary people's Affairs in the past.
 However, today ... He felt a little awkward for some reason.  Uncomfortable?
 Uncomfortable?
 That wasn't it. It was just a kind of impulsiveness that he didn't know how to express. The night watchman who hit him gritted his teeth and suddenly grabbed skinny monkey by the neck. Perhaps he was stimulated by the applause, he gritted his teeth and said,""Return the money! Immediately! If you don't return the money, I'll cut off your head on the street right now, and I'll cut off your Marquis as well!"
 He really couldn't say this in the past.
 But today, when he suddenly said it out loud, even he himself was shocked. He subconsciously looked around, afraid that the Marquis would hear him.
 In this day and age, the Marquis was still valuable. The royal family was still around, and it was not like they had really fallen.
 However, the next moment, the cheers from the surroundings grew even louder. Someone shouted,""Night patrolman, well done! Cut off his head!"
 "Behead him!"
 "Chop off his head and hang it on the north gate! "This is not the first time this guy has been a bully. We don't know if the Marquis has paid us or not, but this guy owes at least 300000 Yuan on this Street alone. He has also taken a few mistresses ..."
 Skinny monkey's expression changed completely at this moment. He realized that something was wrong.
 If this continued, he might really be killed!
 It was impossible in the past, but hundreds of nobles had died yesterday. What was impossible?
 What was a noble?
 Yesterday, even the old director of the criminal Division, a God of a generation, had his head chopped off, and his corpse was still hanging on the wall!
  He regretted it. He had nothing to do today. If he had known, he would not have gone out for a few days.
 p He hurriedly said,"Sir, I'll give it to you. I'll give you everything. I was wrong. I'll give you everything, okay?"  The night patrolman was also agitated by the shouting. He grabbed him and slammed him onto the ground. He spat out a mouthful of blood and cursed,""You dog, the whole street is filled with small businesses, and you dare to owe a few hundred thousand? This old man also wants to see which Marquis is so poor. Is it because he didn't give you money, or is it because you're greedy?"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he pulled skinny monkey over and shouted,""I'll take him to that Marquis to see which Marquis "residence is so poor? If you don't have money, don't eat ..."
 Around them, the other night patrollers had strange looks in their eyes.
 "It's over, third brother is in the mood!"Someone said in a low voice.
 "Of course. With everyone looking at you and praising you, you'd be excited too!"
 "Stop them, don't really offend the Marquis's residence ..."
 "What are you afraid of? Do you think it's still the same as before?"
 "No, after all ... After all, that person can't possibly stay here forever, right? The iron-made Marquis, the official of the flowing water ... The one above us might run away tomorrow. We ... Won't third brother be in trouble then?"

 "You're thinking too much. If we really run ... We'll run too. We'll run to the North, to Silver Moon. Those northern barbarians ... Cough, cough, those Northern martial masters, didn't you see them yesterday? 'F * ck, this is so F * cking awesome!' "If you're not convinced, you'll do it. I heard that the North's Nightwatchers are all like Masters. They'll investigate whoever they want, and the three major organizations will kill them as well. After they're done, the three major organizations don't even dare to let out a fart ... I have a friend in Silver Moon, and I heard that there aren't many experts in the Nightwatchers there. Even sunlight can become an official. If we really follow them ... Do we have to worry that no one will want us?"
 ,m These words immediately made the night patrolman, who had some misgivings before, understand.  That's true!
 In this day and age, are we night patrollers still afraid of not having anywhere to run?
 If not, go to Silver Moon!
 The northern barbarians over there are very fierce!
 In the next moment, his expression changed and he shouted,""Third brother, let's take him to the Marquis" residence and see which Marquis is so insensible. The North City still lacks a Marquis "head!"
 This time, the third brother was stunned for a moment. F * ck, this kid was usually afraid of death. Why was he so fierce today?
 I'm already regretting it after shouting!
 There was a round of applause all around as the crowd got excited.
  "All hail the mighty general! This guy was from Marquis Changxing's residence! He's just an odd-job worker in the kitchen, helping to run errands, and he's so arrogant! General, cut him down!"
 “……”
 Skinny monkey was so scared that he almost peed himself.
 It was just a small matter. He didn't pay. It wasn't the first time he had done this in the past few years.
 He was from the Marquis Fu!
 Before the few night watchmen could move, someone squeezed in from the outer circle. It was a fat man who was covered in sweat and dressed luxuriously. Without a word, he took out a divine power Stone that was overflowing with energy and said hurriedly,""I'm the steward of Marquis Changxing's residence. The Marquis is completely unaware of this matter. Everyone, please don't misunderstand. It was this fellow who acted on his own initiative. As everyone knows ...... This item is pawned to the night patrol and the chief patrol. I guarantee that within an hour, everyone will be able to pay back all their debts, not a single cent less!"
 After saying that, he gritted his teeth and kicked out. With a crack, Shou hou screamed as one of his legs was broken. He gritted his teeth and said,""This guy, I'm going to break his legs!"
 All around, the onlookers fell silent. The money had been promised and everyone knew the value of the divine energy stones. In addition, this Butler was so fierce that he had shattered someone's leg with one kick. Everyone fell silent.
 When the few night patrollers saw this, they were originally prepared to stop here.
 Suddenly, the timid night watchman grabbed the housekeeper's neck and shouted,""Motherf * cker, he's so bold! This guy broke the law, and it's US, the night patrollers, who are in charge of it. Who are you to kick and break his legs? Bring them all back! You're quite bold!"
 “……”
 Third brother was dumbfounded. He ... Had to be caught?
 Oh my God!
 Our little brother is usually as timid as a mouse, but he's so tough today?
 But on second thought, it made sense!
 He had already offended them, so why would he be afraid of this? This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Who gave you the right to punish them?
 "Take them all back. The money will be transferred to your account very soon. Don't worry, everyone. We'll bring them back for a good interrogation!"
 The few night patrols were also excited. It didn't seem too bad to capture a steward of the Marquis's residence. Would they kill a Marquis to liven up the mood?
 Who cares, I'll bring him back first!
 The housekeeper's expression changed, and ruthlessness flashed in his eyes. The next moment, he thought of something, and the ruthlessness disappeared in an instant. With some lingering fear, he hurriedly said,""I was too anxious just now. I was too hateful. I admit my sin. I admit it ..."
 If he broke a leg, paid money, and locked up, skinny monkey wouldn't pursue the matter. At most, he would be locked up for a year or so.
 Don't force it, you'll lose your head!
 Things were different now!
 He suddenly understood. To be able to be a steward in the Marquis's residence, he was not an ordinary person. Even if these night patrols were much weaker than him, it was just the Dark moon and the sun shining. He was one of the three suns, but at this moment, he let people grab his neck. He did not resist and obediently followed the night patrols.
 All of a sudden, when they left, cheers resounded in all directions!
 Those who didn't know the inside story hurriedly asked. When they got a clear picture of the situation, they were all excited.
 This works too?
 Just because of a debt, the night watchman had even arrested the steward of the Marquis's residence?
 The manor!
 That would be considered a Big Shot!
  When did the night patrolmen become so tough?
 Of course, when they thought of Governor li, everyone felt relieved. That was right. Governor li even dared to behead a Secretary, let alone a mere Marquis.
 The news also spread quickly.
 From capturing the Butler to killing the Butler, it finally evolved into Marquis Changxing owing 30000 Yuan and not paying it back. His head was chopped off on the spot by the night patrol, and his head was hanging on the north gate!
 The news spread quickly and widely. Not long after, many people came to Marquis Changxing's Manor to inquire. Only then did they find out that he was living well. However, the outside world was spreading that the Marquis 'head was hanging.
 Marquis Changxing's face turned pale. He hurriedly went to the nine divisions for help. He was afraid that if the news spread, his head would really be hung on the city wall.
 Jiu si ignored him and hurriedly ran back to the palace. He made up his mind to not come out for the time being.
 It was too dangerous!
 It was now said that Li Hao had stayed behind to capture and kill people. What Marquis, what Duke, what Prince, what Secretary ... He, Li Hao, dared to kill anyone!
 However, the imperial family had gone crazy and even gave him the title of governor of heavenstar. All of a sudden, he was under the supervision of the nine divisions of heavenstar. Even if the nine divisions didn't care, Li Hao would have an excuse to kill him.

 ……
 In the slums.
 The group of children were also chatting excitedly.
 "Sister, Sister, the night patrolman is amazing. Marquis Changxing owed him 30000 Yuan and his head was chopped off. Now everyone is talking about it!"
 In fact, Yuqi had also heard the rumors, but she was still a little confused.
 That person ... Was so ruthless?
 Owing thirty thousand Yuan, he even killed the Marquis!
 It had to be said that this news had spread too quickly and too widely. All of a sudden, the stellarsky city was in a riot, and it was even more excited than yesterday.
 At first, everyone felt that it was still too far away. They did not dare to report or seek justice.
 But ... But when they heard that a pork seller had called for the night patrolman to collect the debt, the result was that the Marquis refused to give it to him and the night patrolman had even killed the Marquis ... Now everyone believed it. The night patrolman was different!
  He could make decisions now!
 In a moment, countless people began to stir. For such a small matter, he had dared to kill the Marquis, so what else would he not dare to do?
 Although the news was fake, it was especially exciting!
 No one went to investigate whether it was true or not. Anyway, they didn't hear that Marquis Changxing came out to refute the rumors. He might really be dead.
 At this moment, Yuqi was also a little excited!
 She looked at her brother, who was still reading a book not far away. She thought for a moment, then jogged over, wiped her hands clean, threw down her apron, and said in a low voice,""Little brother, did you hear that? I want to ... Make a trip to Northern Jade City tonight!"
 "Sister, the news of the Marquis being killed must be fake ..." Yuming whispered to her.
 "I know!"
 Yuqi rolled her eyes."I'm not stupid ... But ... Didn't you notice that I'm different?"
 Yuming nodded after some thought.
 "If sister wants to go ... Then I'll go with you," he said after some thought.
 "No, I'll go. You stay at home ... No, you go out first and find a place to hide. I'll come to you when I come back!"
 Yuming thought about it and nodded, not saying anything.
 Yuqi was a little excited and anxious. She looked at the sky in anticipation. Why hadn't it turned dark yet?
 As for the day ... She was a little scared and didn't dare to go over.
 They were afraid of being seen by others and also felt that it would be better to report this at night.
 ……
 At this moment, the whole city was talking about the legend of the night patrolman.
 At the night patrollers 'headquarters.
 Even Yao si had heard the news and was a little puzzled. He looked at the enthusiastic and excited Xiao Ye."Did Li Hao really kill Marquis Changxing?"
 "No, Governor li is in seclusion, healing the Silver Moon Martial Master. He hasn't come out ..."
 "This news has spread!"
 Yao Si was speechless."I've received seven to eight messages this morning. They're all here to inquire about the situation. Who do you think I am? It's just fake news!"
 "Chief," Xiao Ye said excitedly,"whether it's fake news or real news, didn't you notice?"  "What?"
 "Everyone is very happy!"
 "Who is it?"
 "Everyone!"
 Xiao Ye said excitedly,"the people outside are happy. The night patrollers are also happy. Didn't you notice, chief?" In the past, the Nightwalker's headquarters used to be lifeless. But today, everyone is gossiping!"
 They were all saying, who was so fierce?
 He killed Marquis Changxing?
 After asking around, it turned out that it was those timid guys who had gone to patrol the street. They could not believe it, and when they had caught the three suns great general manager, it caused an even bigger uproar!
 Some of the night watchmen even said directly that they dared to capture three suns in just a few moons. They were already at the three suns realm. If they didn't capture Xu Guang, they would lose face!
 Yao si gently rubbed his temples, feeling a little tired.""Xiao Ye, do you think this is a good thing?"
 "Of course!"
 Xiao Ye nodded and asked,'department head, why not? Now, everyone is praising the night patrollers for doing a good job. Even the rich and powerful are afraid of us ... Isn't that what the law enforcement agency does?"
 She said excitedly,"everyone knows that if you want to be wronged, you should find the night patrolmen. The night patrolmen should be dispatched. No matter who it is, they should be captured or killed ... Isn't that how it should be?"
 Was this how it should be?
 Yao si fell into deep thought. He walked to the window and looked out. Some of the night patrollers seemed to be walking at a much faster pace in the courtyard. Occasionally, they would whisper a few words. Their energy seemed to be a little different.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com It was just a rumor. Everyone present knew that it was fake.
 He didn't kill Marquis Changxing, but only captured a Butler.
 We've captured a few thousand nobles before!
 Compared to them, this Butler was nothing.
 However, the feeling he gave the night patrolman was completely different.
 Previously, it had been Li Hao who had caught it.
 This time, they were the ones who caught him.
 It turned out that they also had this right.
  It turned out that even if they arrested someone, there would still be a day when they would not be scolded. Instead, there would be applause, cheers, and cheers.
 How could a Night Watcher be like this?
 Yao si frowned as he looked down. After a while, his brows relaxed. He thought for a moment before shaking his head and sighing."If Li Hao runs away, we'll be in trouble ..."
 "Then go to Silver Moon with Governor li!" Xiao Ye said nonchalantly.
 "Ah?"
 Yao Si was stunned.
 Xiao Ye was also stunned. Her face turned pale as she hurriedly said,""I ... I didn't say anything ..."
 Yao si looked at her and raised his brows,"you mean ... Everyone has the same thoughts now?" Li Hao has escaped, and you guys want to follow him to Silver Moon? He's only been here for a few days, and you're already leaving your home to follow him?"
 He completely did not expect these people to actually have such thoughts!
 This was too unexpected!

 Xiao Ye was a little afraid. However, she gritted her teeth and made up her mind."Minister, what's the big deal?" It was a job and a life no matter where one went. As a Night Watcher in Silver Moon, it was said that it was a job with dignity. The night watchers were one of the four major organizations. If they wanted to kill someone from the three major organizations, they would go out and patrol the area and kill a few people. It was said that the resources they earned for their cultivation were either from killing the three major organizations or pirates. Although life was a little hard, they ... Lived a carefree life! Even if he really died in battle, it'd be a good thing to say that he died while killing the enemy ..."
 "The night patrollers have always been at war with the three major organizations for twenty years. Aren't we the same?" Yao si said angrily.
 Xiao Ye said carefully,"it's not the same ... Before ... Before, I was very ... Very aggrieved! Except for Dao Jian who dares to kill people, we don't dare to do it. No one dares to kill important people because they are afraid of a big conflict. "
 "How much better do you think Silver Moon is?"
 Yao Si was somewhat speechless. Wasn't Silver Moon the same!
 Both sides restrained each other!
 These guys actually believed that Silver Moon would be better than this side?
 "When Minister hou was around, perhaps ... Perhaps he would have some concerns," Xiao Ye said softly."But isn't Governor li in charge Now?"
 Oh!
 Yao si understood and was somewhat speechless. This time, not only was he humiliated, even hou Xiaochen was humiliated.
  Well done!
 He wanted to laugh at hou Xiaochen.
 Did you hear that?
 We don't think much of your Silver Moon, but we think that we'll only have a bright future if we follow Li Hao, that barbarian, boor, and demonic sword that kills people randomly. Are you angry?
 The fire in his heart was extinguished quite a bit.
 He chuckled and picked up his large tea jar. He took a sip of water and felt like laughing.
 When he looked at the night patrolmen below, he felt that there was indeed some hope.
 Stellarsky city, which was like a pool of dead water, seemed to have become much more lively ever since the Silver Moon barbarian had arrived.
 Then, he looked at the inspection Office not far away. He wondered what kind of scene it would be at the inspection Office today.
 Perhaps, the inspection Office would also be very lively.
 That wasn't the point. The night patrolman had killed a few deputy ministers. He had reported Li Hao's name and asked the inspector to make a report so that Li Hao could be appointed as a Deputy Minister.
 Jiusi would probably be so angry that he would want to curse!
 Hahaha!
 ……
 At the inspection Office.
 At this moment, they were indeed in a meeting. Two deputy secretaries were missing, one was Huang Long and the other was Yao si. Yao si used the excuse that he was not feeling well and did not come.
 At this moment, the Secretary of the inspection Division was holding a document and looking at it from left to right. It was full of long speeches, but only a few big words were written on it ... Li Hao wanted to be promoted, or he would kill!
 This wasn't written by Li Hao, it was sent by Yao si.
 The inspection division's Secretary thought for a moment before opening his mouth,""Yao si suggested that Li Hao be promoted to Deputy Minister and take over Huang Long's position. What do you all think?"
 No one spoke.
 The inspector looked at them and said after a while,""I say, what do you guys think?"
  "Secretary's judgement!"  The group of people hurriedly spoke!
 Some of them wanted to refuse, but when they thought of Li Hao ... Forget it, don't be like this. Everyone is afraid of death. If they dared to refuse now and Li Hao found out later, even the nine divisions couldn't take him down. Why would they offend him?
 Didn't you see that a bunch of secretaries and deputy secretaries died yesterday?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com As long as you don't object and are willing to step down, we have no objections.
 The inspection Division Secretary was a little tired.
 He understood what everyone was thinking!
 艹!
 What did that mean?
 In Li Hao's battle the day before, Jiusi had lost and had chosen to back down. This was great ... Sometimes, backing down once was really difficult to salvage.
 "He's too young ..."
 The Inspector General said. Someone below whispered,""Secretary, you're a little too young, but he's Marquis heavenstar, governor of heavenstar. More importantly, he's very strong and a god art expert. This ... Isn't a good idea to reject him, right?"
 The inspector was stunned. I didn't even say no, and you guys are so eager to flatter me?
 The inspection Office is my Chen family's world!
 Have you all forgotten?
 "So, all of you think that I should be promoted?"
 Everyone remained silent, which could be considered as a silent agreement.
 This was probably one of the few times that no one objected to the proposal.
 One, he didn't dare to, and two, he couldn 't.
 "He's famous now, but he's also representing the inspection Division. With the title of Deputy Secretary, he can do something to make the inspection Division famous," a Deputy Secretary explained.
 It's about the same as making a bad name!
  The inspection Secretary cursed in his heart. After thinking for a while, he nodded,"Alright, that's it then!"
 Thinking of this, he suddenly laughed,"isn't he an old subordinate of hou Xiaochen?" Hou Xiaochen isn't the Deputy Secretary, is he?"
 No one said anything, not quite understanding what he meant.
 The chief patrol officer touched his chin and smiled,"Then it's like this! It's good!"
 "Pass the document to the division and administration Department. Don't they like to make the decision? Get their approval!"
 Deputy Secretary, there were usually some procedures to go through. The Division of Administration and the Meritorious Service division needed to be reviewed. He also wanted to see what those two were thinking.
 Would he refuse?
 It would only be interesting if he rejected her!
 He didn't mind watching a show. Anyway, he had made up his mind. Since he couldn't send charcoal in the snow, he would add flowers to the brocade. As for how to add flowers, he would slowly see.
 "Oh right, inform Li Hao that the financial division has given up a class 2 relic. It's a martial arts university. Ask him if he's interested in exploring it."

 Then, he laughed and said playfully,""It's very dangerous. Just tell him!"
 With that, he turned around and left.
 "Secretary, are we going to call him for meetings in the future?" someone asked softly from behind.
 “……”
 The Inspector General's body slightly stiffened, after a moment he said,""I won 't!"
 After saying that, he quickly left.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Call Li Hao for a meeting?
 Forget it!
 If that guy kept singing a different tune, what would he do?
 Fight with him?
  Or cut him down?
 Or was it chopped by him?
 Who knows!
 ……
 On this day, stellarsky city was very lively.
 On this day, Li Hao actually didn't go out.
 A group of Silver Moon martial masters were talking to each other, healing their wounds and cultivating at the same time. This was a rare opportunity for the martial masters to talk to each other before falling out with each other.
 In a big house, the one who spoke was BA Dao. This overbearing blade artist had a cold expression on his face as he said,"Yuan Shuo, don't think that your five birds technique is the only one! Your Dao of spirit fusion and the Dao of five organs may not be the right path!"
 "You dare to say we're evil?"
 He was a little angry and snorted coldly,'Martial Master, the real thing that should be developed is still the divine decree! I believe that when the divine intent is powerful to the extreme, it will nourish the physical body ... The weakness of the five internal organs will not be a problem anymore! The stronger the divine intent, the stronger the physical body. It's just that we're still in a weak phase now. When the divine intent transforms, we'll naturally be able to make our physical bodies stronger! It's not even a problem for me to abandon my physical body. "
 On the other side, Nanquan said angrily,"nonsense!" "Vitality is the key ..."
 "A strong body means strong in everything. Haven't you heard of corporeal Dao vindication?"
 "No, no, no. I think the key is momentum ..."
 A group of martial masters, none of them were convinced by the other.
 Yuan Shuo, on the other hand, was sitting calmly with a leisurely look on his face. He crossed his legs and said leisurely,""That's right, you're right. That's why we shouldn't rape him. Whoever sneaks in is an animal!"
 “……”
 The scene fell silent for a moment.  The next moment, the scolding got even louder!
 A moment later, someone carefully said,""Everyone, isn't balanced development good? In fact, I can see that there are only a few paths, and they are all related to the superpower lock. My master focuses on the five organs circulation, but it's not a major circulation. If you combine it, isn't it just a major circulation of the whole body?"
 Yuan Shuo rolled his eyes, too lazy to say anything.
 "It's easier said than done. Currently, there are at least 12 locks in the human body. Yuan Shuo has already completed the five organs cycle, which is already the limit. It's not easy for us to complete the four limbs. The four limbs are the foundation. If your master can integrate them, he can complete the nine-lock cycle. In that case, we have a better path ahead of us ..."
 Tian Jian also said indifferently,"logic is that logic. Everyone knows that he's stronger in all aspects!" "The key is ... It's not easy to cultivate and integrate. You must understand that it's difficult to integrate two different breathing techniques, let alone 12 super locks."
 Li Hao nodded. He was a junior here. Putting his strength aside, his understanding of martial arts was definitely not as strong as these people.
 What he said made sense, but they had also said that it was useless to just say it. Why did you have to unify it?
 Who didn't know that all-round development was better?
 Even someone as talented as Yuan Shuo had only completed the integration of his five internal organs.
 Li Hao thought for a moment and said,"then, can we connect the other superpower locks to the five internal organs?."
 "Cut the crap!" Yuan Shuo immediately rebuked. This wasn't playing house. Rashly connecting to it would result in death, and body explosion was a light one! What are you thinking? Do you really think that my five birds technique is just five types of Shi and five locks forcefully mixed together? Don't tell anyone you're my disciple!"
 As soon as he finished saying this, he saw Hong Yitang nod. He cursed and immediately said,""When you get out, even if you say you're my disciple, you're not allowed to talk nonsense!"
 “……”
 Hong Yitang was speechless. 'Why the hell are you looking at me? I just agreed with the first part of your sentence. I didn't say it randomly. Why did you have to add one more sentence?'
 At this moment, Tian Jian stood up."I have a general idea of what everyone is thinking. The Tian Jian villa still has things to do. I don't have the time to argue with you. I'll take my leave first!"
 He was about to leave, but Li Hao hurriedly stood up.""Senior Tian Jian, you ..."
  "There's no need to say anything!"
 Tian Jian floated away and his voice reverberated,"Be it a Martial Master or a superhuman, you must be determined to walk down your own path. There is no road ahead. This is a new era, so you just have to explore it yourself! If he had time, he should research more about supers. If wind and lightning had super locks, what about dark, light, life, space, and other special series? Don't be like your master and think that superpowers are shallow. Superpowers have their own unique points!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he was already far away.
 At this moment, Northern fist also stood up and said,"I should also leave!" Little he, send me off, big brother hasn't talked to you for a long time ..."
 Nanquan snorted. Whose big brother are you?
 It was hard to say who was stronger now!
 "Don't you have any rules?"
 Bei Quan looked at Nan Quan and smiled. Nan Quan cursed in his heart and stood up. This old man had bullied me many years ago. Let's find a place to fight him!
 Nanbei Junquan didn't say anything and left quickly.
 BA Dao was as cold as ever. He stood up and disappeared, but he sent a message to Li Hao."The divine decree is in the brain, while force and the divine decree are two different concepts. If the divine decree is a kind of power, then force is a kind of belief. When you are clear about the essential difference between the two, you can awaken the divine decree and force and see!"

 After saying that, he also disappeared.
 Huang Yu also stood up."I should return to Silver Moon. Xiaochen, stay behind and be careful. If Li Hao isn't leaving, then stay behind. If there's a need, we'll call him. Stellarsky city is a dangerous place, and it's not good to stay for long!"
 With that, he left.
 The martial masters came decisively and left confidently.
 All good things must come to an end, and everyone had their own thoughts. It was fine for old friends to gather for two or three days, but in a few days, they might have an internal strife.
 Li Hao also sent them off.
 These martial masters were all people with different temperaments, and it was not a good thing to force them to gather together.
 Those who could travel alone to this day were not weak.
 As for whether it was dangerous to travel alone, these old-timers knew better than Li Hao. If they dared to travel, they were naturally confident that they wouldn't be surrounded and pursued.
 Li Hao felt that he had benefited a lot from the exchange.
  Although he was no longer a Martial Master, it didn't matter. After all, the great Dao had its similarities.
 Li Hao originally thought that his master would not leave this time, but Yuan Shuo stood up and said,""I'm going back to Silver Moon! Be careful here, I'll go talk to some old fogeys, maybe they can help you change your current situation ... Back then, I was too weak and didn't dare to go, but now that I'm not weak anymore, it's time to go see those existences!"
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat. Yuan Shuo waved his hand. "There's no need to say too much. You have to remember that you're my disciple, not someone else 'S. You have to know your priorities. That's all!"
 With that, he left without looking back.
 Jade light sword laughed and glanced at Li Hao."Your master said that he knows where the rest of the Azure light sword manual is. It's a pity that I didn't have the chance to exchange sword arts with you these past two days. But there's still a long way to go. When my Azure light sword improves, there will still be a chance!"
 "Are you leaving or not?" Yuan Shuo asked impatiently in the distance.
 The jadesword smiled, turned into a sword light, and disappeared in an instant.
 In an instant, only a few people were left in the large room.
 Li Hao, Hong Yitang, hou Xiaochen, Yu Luosha, and the radiant sword.
 After everyone had left, Yu Luosha suddenly said,""The Golden spear has left."
 "What?"
 Chief Yu raised the communication Jade in his hand."Jin Jin sent me a message. He said that he's gone. He's not saying goodbye to the Wei Wu Army. It's a pity that he didn't participate in this battle, but he also feels that he can't help much. He said that he's going out for a walk. If he can't break the demon in his heart ... He won't come back!"
 "He said that he was very grateful for the Minister's help back then. In addition, he asked Li Hao to take care of the Wei Wu Army ... That's all."
 The crowd was stunned. The Golden spear ... Had left.
 It was somewhat unexpected, but also somewhat reasonable.
 Hou Xiaochen fell into deep thought. After a long while, he sighed, "It's good ... Good! It's good to go out and take a look! "It's true that it's not good to break my intention to stay if he keeps following me. I didn't do it on purpose. It's just that he can't let it go in his heart. He thinks too much and is too honest. If it was Nan Quan ... He wouldn't have so many thoughts. He always feels that he owes me ..."
 He shook his head in regret.
  If the Golden spear didn't come back this time, it would mean that it would never come back.  Or he could find a place and bury himself there. The three spear strikes of the Silver Moon might become a lost cause.
 Of course, if the Golden spear could return, it would be different. At that time, the Golden spear would once again resound throughout the Silver Moon martial forest. He would also be the head of the three Spears, the hero of the Silver Moon.
 After a moment, Hong Yitang looked at the light sword.""I've decided to stay. What about you?"
 The light sword had been with him all this while, so Hong Yitang added,""Why don't you go to Silver Moon? my wife has asked me a few times why you're always following me ..."
 The Sword of Light was stunned!
 The others were also stunned and looked at Hong Yitang. Hong Yitang said seriously,""He really asked!"
 "You!" The light sword was furious."Hong Yitang, you overestimate yourself!"
 What did that mean?
 Hong Yitang didn't say much. It was the truth. Don't follow him. It was fine if you were a man. It was fine if you were ugly in the past. But now ... At least you look like an Auntie!
 Those who didn't know would think that I, Hong Yitang, have very strong tastes.
 The radiant sword snorted."I'm not leaving. I'll stay and assist Li Hao. I'll also solve the problem of my excessive power of light. When my yin and yang are in harmony, you won't be able to reach me!"
 “……”
 Li Hao lowered his head. He was afraid that he would laugh out loud, so he held back his laughter.
 However, he scratched his head. You're following me?
 My Jade Rakshasa, Azure light sword, Xiao Ye ... They're all very good-looking. Even the women around Ying Hongyue are good-looking ... Aunt Guangming, why do you want to follow me?
 At that moment, hou Xiaochen left with manager Yu. He didn't want to get involved in this matter anymore, as it had nothing to do with him. Speaking of which, could the Sword of Light really look better after the yin and yang were combined?
  I don't really believe it!
 Of course, he wouldn't say this out loud. That would be too hateful.
 As for Hong Yitang, he didn't mind. After saying this, he stood up and said,""I'm going to take a walk around the city. The light sword will follow you. If my daughter asks, you can testify for me that I have nothing to do with her!"
 With that, he also disappeared.
 The light sword sneered and glanced at Li Hao.""Li Hao, you have to believe that when I balance my yin and yang, Yu Luosha and black spider will be inferior to me!"
 Li Hao nodded frantically!
 I didn't expect that a group of aunties would still compete for beauty. How terrifying.
 After the light sword left in anger, Li Hao suddenly laughed. He pinched the dog's head and said in a low voice,""Black Panther, isn't the Silver Moon Martial Master interesting?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Black Panther nodded helplessly. He didn't know if it was interesting or not, but he knew that these guys were too good at absorbing energy during the two days they were here. He didn't manage to absorb any sword energy. It was better that they left!
 Li Hao, on the other hand, laughed for a while before falling silent and thinking about his future.

 Superpowers and martial arts coexisted. That was Li Hao's current state.
 The discussion among the martial masters actually gave Li Hao some inspiration.
 These were all problems in martial arts. Now that he chose to stay in stellarsky city, it was naturally not only for martial arts, but also for other things, such as cultivating the heart and the heart of a Martial Master. These were Li Hao's recent insights.
 Follow your heart and become stronger.
 After thinking for a while, Li Hao let out a sigh of relief. He roughly calculated what he should do next and then looked at Black Panther.
 Black Panther also looked at Li Hao.
 "You're still looking?"
 Li Hao rolled his eyes."The seniors are all gone. Why are you so lonely?"
 He didn't leave and Gou 'Zi didn't even take out his storage ring.
 They were afraid that it would be snatched away!
  In fact, other than Southern Fist, who wanted to split the loot, no one else had such an intention.
 ? The Black Panther kept barking.
 It was as if he was saying,"it's for your own good." Li Hao had been spending a lot of money in the past two days. He had been spending divine power stones as if they were free. Everyone sat down and discussed. In just a short while, Li Hao had spent hundreds of thousands of divine power stones.
 There were too many martial masters, and all of them were experts. The speed at which they absorbed it was simply terrifying.
 Li Hao actually didn't lack money now.
 He had gained a lot from the previous battle.
 However, it was different this time. They were all experts, and too many of them had died. Li Hao also wanted to see if they had anything good.
 Gou 'Zi spat out some storage rings.
 There were not many storage rings this time, only about 20 in total.
 However, just by looking at the storage ring, he felt that it was different. It had a more substantial texture.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao randomly picked one up. He didn't know whose it was, but he took a look with his divine will and gasped.
 Whose is this?
 There were not many divine power stones, only about 10.
 Yes, only a dozen pieces.
 However, Li Hao felt that each piece was bigger and stronger than the ones that Hong Yitang had taken out.
 If Hong Yitang's piece was worth 3000 Yuan, this piece would be worth 10000 Yuan.
 Incomparably dense energy was contained within, flowing like water.
 Although it was only about 100000 pieces after some conversion, such a high-level divine power Stone was not something that could be exchanged easily. It was impossible to exchange for it. This thing was 100% obtained from the ruins, and it was a top-notch one.
 "An expert is really different!"
 Li Hao sighed with emotion. There weren't many divine power stones, and there weren't many things in the storage ring either. Besides this, there was a small bottle, which was almost the standard item of the spring of life.
 He counted and found that there were 10 drops. He didn't know who had brought them, but they didn't use them even after he died.
 He continued to check, and after a while, his eyes moved slightly.
 In the storage ring, other than the usual cultivation supplies, there was something else that was very eye-catching. He took it out and looked at it. It seemed to be a piece of Amber, and there was a drop of blood-red thing flowing inside.
  It looked like a phoenix, but it also looked like a ROC ...  "What is this?"
 Li Hao was a little confused. The Black Panther's nose twitched, and it seemed to be excited. It arched its head towards Li Hao.
 Li Hao glanced at it.
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 The Black Panther cried out for a while, feeling a little anxious. It even made a small cut on its body, and blood flowed out ...
 Li Hao's heart skipped a beat, the blood of a great demon?
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 Heibao nodded hurriedly!
 That's right, this was the blood of a powerful demon. It was unknown where the other party obtained it from, or if they had exchanged it.
 Li Hao glanced at it and said,""Heavenly Peng mountain, Phoenix Mountain ..."
 The two divine mountains were dominated by flying-type demons.
 Currently, there didn't seem to be any particularly powerful great demons on land or in the water. However, there were two top-level great demons in the flying-type demon race. He didn't know if it was because the land and the ocean were keeping a low profile or something else.
 This blood was very likely to belong to one of the two great demons.
 The blood of demons also had the effect of strengthening the body. Li Hao was well aware of this. Last time, Yuan Shuo had bitten the Black Panther's butt until it bled so that he could absorb some blood to strengthen his five internal organs.
 "You want to eat it?"
 "Woof!"
 The Black Panther nodded. As a great demon, it was almost in the nature of the demon race to hunt other demons. If the blood of a demon contained power, it would be more nourishing to the Black Panther than sword energy.
 "Here you go!"
 Li Hao didn't investigate who it was. He threw it to the Black Panther, and the Black Panther swallowed it.
 Li Hao made a quick judgment. The storage ring didn't have a name, but judging from the basic items inside, it might belong to the North Sea King. But if it was his, he was too poor.
 He did have some treasures, but they didn't match his status as the number one Pirate of the North Sea!
 "Could it be that ... He exchanged for a treasure in exchange for a chance to advance his divine power?"
  Li Hao made a judgment and had a general idea. This might be the case.
 If that was the case, then those newly-advanced Sacred Arts might be very poor because they would definitely have to pay a price to advance their Sacred Arts.
 Thinking of this, Li Hao's heart ached.
 What a pity!
 Otherwise, how could the number one Pirate of the North Sea be so poor?
 He continued to read, and the more he read, the more shocked he was.
 F * ck!
 These guys were so rich.
 The North Sea King's storage ring didn't have any treasures. What he was looking at was most likely the Pingyuan King's storage ring. The treasures in the storage ring of one of the nine Kings of the imperial family blinded Li Hao!
 Not to mention the divine power stones, Li Hao was too lazy to count the large divine power stones. There were too many of them, and it might be related to the royal family excavating the ruins of stellarsky city. This place was a huge mine to begin with, a major mine that maintained the operation of the eight cities.

 The key was that there were a large number of books in the king of the plains 'storage ring. Li Hao casually flipped through one and found that it was actually a secret martial arts technique.
 ? This existence who had formed the Wei Wu Army back then had also studied the martial Dao deeply.
 He seemed to be a scholar. Li Hao glanced through the books and estimated that there were no less than a hundred secret techniques. Those that could be collected by him were not simple. Li Hao even saw some secret techniques that were famous in Silver Moon martial forest.
 "Iron cloth ..."
 "Verdure glider ..."
 His eyes flickered. Verdure glider was Wu xinghong, and the other party was Wu Chao's grandfather. It was said that he was killed by Fei Tian back then and his secret skill was seized. However, this secret skill was actually in the storage ring of the king of the plains.
 "Could it be ... The fairy hired by the king of the plains, or perhaps he's one of the investors behind the scenes?"
 Li Hao thought to himself, and then thought of Liu Xu sword. Was Liu Xu sword's death related to the king of the plains?
 This guy seemed to be trying to steal some of Silver moon's Secret techniques.
 Li Hao scanned through them. There were many secret techniques. He also saw the puncture kick technique, which was the puncture kick sect's Secret technique. Its representative was Madam Bai, who had married into the Bai family, who used to be the city Lord of Silvermoon City.
  In other words, Madam Bai had contributed it herself?
 The Bai family was indeed related to the royal family. They had even contributed the secret skill of their own sect.
 And that Senior Sister of his, her husband Hu dingfang, had some connections with the Bai family ...
 Li Hao frowned slightly, but didn't think much of it.
 The prince of the Plains 'ring not only contained secret Arts, but also some black armor, which was very similar to Black Phoenix, but also felt a little different. Li Hao instantly thought of the royal family's Black armor Army!
 Obviously, this should be the armor of the black armored Army. It was not a lot, only about 300 sets.
 At this moment, Li Hao still had 1000 sets of Air Force Armor.
 ……
 He flipped through the storage rings one by one.
 After a long time, Li Hao took a deep breath. He didn't look at the other treasures. At this moment, a Golden Book appeared in his hand.
 Out of all the treasures, this was the one that attracted him the most.
 This item came from Hu Xiao's storage ring.
 The next moment, a Golden Book appeared in his hand. It was almost the same as the one in his hand.
 This was from the old Duke of the Xu estate.
 Two Golden Books!
 It was almost the same.
 However, there were some slight differences. At this moment, they all had an ancient charm and some large words were written on them.
 "Origin source combat technique, puppet attack"
 Below it, there was a line of small words,"neo martial Chen family."
 Chen clan, neo martial arts Chen clan.
 Li Hao's heart stirred. He knew of an expert with the surname Chen. He was the Dean who wrote the basic sword techniques and specialized in the stream sword technique.
 Then which Chen family did this origin source combat technique belong to?
 Are they from the same family?  Was this the tactic that the old secretaries had used?
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind. He looked at the second Golden Book,"origin source combat technique, Kongtong break."
 There was also a line of small words below it,"by the Jiang family of neo martial arts."
 Clearly, these origin source combat techniques were not left behind by one family, but by different families.
 However, one was with the old Duke, one was with Hu Xiao, and the other secretaries might also have one.
 Li Hao was slightly confused. Were they exploring a relic?
 Otherwise, how could the eastern Duke dingguo's mansion have it?
 With these doubts in mind, he flipped open a page of the Golden Book, and in the next moment, he felt as if he was inside. His vision blurred, and an incomparably valiant existence that was so powerful that it was simply inconceivable appeared!
 "The Jiang clan 's" breaking "character formula is invincible and omnipotent! This King is known as the battle King, the human race's King of war!"
 An ancient saying echoed in Li Hao's mind.
 Wargod!
 In the next moment, the ancient expert's mind rumbled. The world cracked as the word "break" appeared. It was drawn with blood and broken with Dao. Everything was turned into dust.
 Li Hao's vision blurred, and he returned to reality.
 The Wargod, the Jiang clan, the "break" formula!
 The Golden Book was actually an ancient martial arts inheritance.
 He was a little shocked. Compared to what this person had shown, what the other old secretaries had shown were simply ... Trash!
 It was an insult to combat techniques!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "My teacher said that this is the combat technique of the ancient Holy Land, star suppression city. Last time, Xu Qing told me that the Xu family had excavated star suppression city ... What's the situation with Jiusi? Could it be that he had seized something from the Xu family? Or did the nine divisions and the Xu family explore it together?"
 Li Hao was a little confused. At this moment, he had a general idea that these combat techniques should have come from Star Town City.
 But ... Why did the nine divisions have it?
 "Martial arts university!"
 He suddenly thought of something, and his heart moved.
  That's right. According to heaven battling city, the martial science universities back then had the opportunity to include all martial arts. Once some of the top powerhouses created a secret technique, they would quickly spread it instead of keeping it to themselves.
 In this case, it would be normal to find secret Arts anywhere, but ... There might be a powerful martial arts university on the star Island.
 "Two top-tier secret skills ..."
 Li Hao was a little excited, but then he frowned. Can I learn it?
 This seemed to be a combat technique from the path of martial masters. No, it was a combat technique from the path of origin. It might not be too compatible with him. When the old secretaries used it, it was powerful, but it did not give them a sense of invincibility.
 "You'll know when you try it later. "
 Li Hao looked at the two Golden Books and was somewhat excited. There might be more than two books.
 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 At this moment, the Black Panther cried out, as if asking Li Hao if he had gained a lot.
 Li Hao laughed."I've gained a lot ... More than five million divine power stones, not many origin divine weapons, only about ten of them. The lowest is Mystic-grade, and there are a few earth-grade ones ... Not much spring of life either, only about fifty drops, and a lot of other things ... Are you happy?"

 Woof! Woof! Woof!
 Heibao was confused, as if he was asking why there were so few of them.
 Li Hao was helpless."Don't look at me. The other newly-advanced divine powers are all poor. Only Hu Xiao and the old Duke are richer."
 Even if he was poor, he was still very poor.
 He was still very rich!
 However, strictly speaking, Huang Long's grandson had more divine power stones than them in his storage ring. Huang Long had contributed at least eight hundred thousand divine power stones by himself. This grandson was too good at making money!
 Li Hao calculated that he had more than 7 million divine power stones now, including the 2 million he had left.
 He had taken away 20 origin God weapons, so he now had more on him. He had more than 40, and their levels were not low.
 As for the life essence, Li Hao had given some to the seniors. He didn't leave much for himself, but this time, he had obtained more than 50 drops, so he was rich again.
 Not to mention these, there were also two Golden Books and hundreds of secret skills.
  In addition to these, there were also many ancient armors. In addition to the king of the plains, the old Duke also had 1000 sets of space-piercing armor in his storage ring. All of a sudden, Li Hao had 2000 sets of space-piercing armor.
 He was also from the heaven-battling Army, but he had the most armor in his hands.
 "There are too many divine power stones ..."
 Li Hao scratched his head. There were so many of them, but they were useless!
 Even if he burned the sword energy every day, he wouldn't be able to finish it.
 Moreover, the small sword's appetite was a little tricky now. It seemed to be unwilling to absorb these divine power stones. It was okay with the high-level ones, but it was not willing to absorb the low-level ones.
 "Little tree ... General Huai!"
 Li Hao's heart stirred. He thought of general Huai in heaven battling city and also thought of little tree.
 Last time, when he left heaven battling city, director Wang told him that the city lacked life energy unless general Huai was revived. However, the other party could not be revived as they needed too much energy.
 The small tree should not be as powerful as general Huai. Even the small tree lacked a large amount of energy to recover, let alone general Huai.
 At that time, Li Hao cried even after dozens of divine power stones were swallowed, and he didn't want to put any more divine power stones back.
 But now ... He had seven million divine power stones in his hands!
 Li Hao stroked his chin."If I return to heaven battling city now ... Can I revive it?" he asked.
 7 million, that's a rich man, right?
 Of course, if he went to find the little tree now ... The little tree would probably need less. It was hard to say for sure whether general Huai would recover completely.
 These thoughts came to his mind. Then, three more red balls appeared in his hand, but Li Hao's mind was elsewhere.
 This was the blood God!
 The three elders 'weapons were all very powerful. They hadn't reached the level of divine power, but they should have the strength of rising light at his peak. Li Hao didn't get them. Skysword had given them to him.
 Of the three elders, Tian Jian had killed one of them. Although Li Hao had killed the other two, Li Hao had not paid attention to the blood shadow at the time. The blood shadow seemed to have been in Tian Jian's body all this time. The blood shadow was also very fierce and did not feel that he had been invaded by the three Blood Shadows.
 In the end, they all became blood deities.
 Li Hao had wanted to get one at first, but he changed it into a divine power and didn't have the mood to do so. But now that he had this thing ... Should he go back?
 Whether it was the small tree, heaven battling city, or the Silver City's Eight Trigrams ...
 They were all in Silver Moon!
  Now that he had a fortune in his hands, perhaps ... It was time for him to go back.  "Yang Shan hasn't come back yet ... But he should be back soon."
 Yang Shan was only in the metamorphosis stage, and Li Hao had wanted to kill him on the day he left. It had only been four days since then, and this guy might not be able to reach the North Sea in four days ... He didn't know if yang Shan had received the news, but the King of the North Sea was gone, so the previous agreement was naturally invalid.
 "Maybe I should go to heaven battling city ..."
 Li Hao thought that maybe he could chat with director Wang. The division commander in the military seemed to dislike him, but director Wang was easy to talk to.
 Now that he had money, he might be able to ask him for some advice when he returned.
 Of course, now that he had become a super, he didn't know if heaven battling city would allow him to enter.
 Moreover, it was still dangerous to stay here. It was best if he could improve. Even if he couldn 't, he should at least get some treasures and see if he could help the others improve.
 Many thoughts appeared in his mind.
 Just as he was thinking, someone knocked on the door.
 "Governor!"
 Mu Lin's voice rang out. Li Hao was a little surprised. He had said not to look for him for no reason.
 "What's wrong?"
 "Someone wants to see you."
 "Who is it?"
 "It's a little girl. She said that the governor gave her 200 star coins on the day he came. She's an acquaintance of the governor ..."
 Li Hao was stunned for a moment before he remembered.
 He couldn't help but be a little distracted. What was going on?
 The money he gave her last time was fake?
 It shouldn't be.
 Or did the little girl recognize him and think that he was a big Shot, so she wanted to claim to be a relative?
 But ... I've only sat on your bicycle for a short while. It's not like I'm related to you in any way, right?
 Outside the door, Mu Lin was still waiting.
  Under normal circumstances, he wouldn't look for Li Hao. However, he said that they were acquaintances, and Li Hao even gave him 200 star coins ...
 Mu Lin's thoughts were almost crooked!
 Under what circumstances would he give someone 200 star dollars?
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com She was still a little girl ... About fifteen or sixteen years old.
 Li Hao was actually such a person?
 Oh my God!
 Now that they were here ... Could it be ...
 Some things could not be thought deeply.
 After all, why would he give someone 200 star dollars for no reason?
 Li Hao was a miser. He wasn't miserly when it came to cultivation resources, but he was extremely miserly when it came to money used by ordinary people. It was said that he had always been in need of money, and it would be a miracle if he could give someone 200 star coins.

