fileno%d
revealed a smile on his face and laughed."I ... Can also kill a Saint!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he threw a punch. The five elements exploded, and the sky and earth cracked.
 BOOM!
 Zheng Gong was sent flying by this punch. Just as he was about to fight back, the force of heaven and earth suddenly suppressed him. In the blink of an eye, a cage appeared.
 In an instant, he was trapped in it.
 'Li Hao' stepped into it and said with a smile,""The five elements of heaven and earth. Within the domain, I Am Invincible!"
 One punch, BOOM!
 The tiger's roar in the forest!
 Like a fierce tiger, the punch broke Zheng Gong's arm. It was unbelievable. He wanted to leave, but he couldn 't!
 ? The next moment, he roared,"kill!" All of you, kill them ... Break this thing ..."
  "The heart fire ape is also invincible!"
 With another punch, the ape roared and smashed the other party apart.
 "Kidney Water Tiger, Tiger roar!"
 The Tiger's claws appeared and broke the opponent's arm with a crack. With another strike, it pierced through the opponent's chest. Zheng Gong felt incredulous and wanted to fight back, but he was instantly suppressed.
 "I devour the power of the five elements. The five elements in the world are under my control. Even my disciple is not as skilled as I am. If he can kill a Saint, so can I!"
 The five elements erupted, and the cage compressed. BOOM!
 The two of them were almost face to face, their bodies close to each other.
 "Li Hao" suddenly hugged or locked his opponent, smiling brightly. "Bear hugs are best at close combat!" Shatter!"
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, the five dragons instantly crushed the other party's body.
 Zheng Gong was anxious!
 "If you dare ... If you retreat now, I won't pursue the matter ... You dare to kill me? My father has already reached the half-step sovereign realm. Once the second awakening begins, my father will be invincible ..."
 "Li Hao ... Yuan Shuo, there's still a venerable sovereign sealed in this world, the venerable sovereign of the Crimson Moon world. If I die, my father will definitely not let it go. Only by working together to deal with the Crimson Moon venerable sovereign can we survive ..."
 Yuan Shuo's laughter came from 'Li Hao' s 'mouth. "There's no second recovery yet, right? Wait for your father to come and take revenge ... Now ... We're going to take revenge on you first!"
 "B * stard, it's you guys who attacked boundless city first ..."
 "Li Hao" smiled again. "If you hadn't forced us so hard and wanted to kill us, we wouldn't have ..."
 Zheng Gong's illusory figure appeared. At this moment, he was also panicking.
 Yuan Shuo swallowed the five elements and merged them with Li Hao's Dao characters. His combat strength instantly soared, but he was no longer at his peak. At this moment, his physical body was directly ground to pieces. He knew that he was in danger. He immediately roared in anger, and the city Lord seal appeared in his hand, emitting rays of light once again!
 At this moment, the divine character "Dao" drilled into the castellan seal. It was Li Hao's will. At this moment, he saw a shadow and shouted,""Supreme martial artist Zhang, are you going to help the evildoer?"  The sound of the great Dao trembled!
 Within the city Lord seal, the illusionary figure seemed to be shaking slightly. At this moment, it seemed to be somewhat clear-headed, and the originally spiritless illusionary figure suddenly seemed to have a bit of intelligence. It opened its eyes, as if it had seen through something.
 At this moment, the seal trembled, and an almost inaudible sigh resounded in all directions.
 In the next moment, the city Lord seal suddenly shattered!
 With a loud bang, Zheng Gong's mentality was a little scattered. He said in disbelief,""How is this possible ... City Lord Yin Wuling ..."
 It was just a weapon!
 A Supreme Being didn't leave any spirituality in it, so how could it collapse on its own?
 This was impossible!
 This time, his spiritual power instantly suffered a heavy blow.
 Li Hao's voice slowly rang out."Traitors ... No matter what era they are in, they will not receive help. They will only be punished!"
 "You ..." Yuan Shuo's voice rang out in the next moment,"you ... Should just die!"
 BOOM!
 This punch was filled with the power of the five elements, and it caused heaven and earth to explode!
 Zheng Gong cried out in pain, but in the next moment, he laughed madly."You can't kill me ... You can't kill me! My great Dao is hidden, and you can't cut off my origin Dao. When my father returns, I'll definitely return ... Li Hao, Yuan Shuo, you two ... Stop dreaming!"
 "I've said before, those who don't betray can not break the Dao ... You ... Must die!"
 At this moment, a wave of heaven's will descended and swept in all directions. The void trembled and the 'Dao' text appeared once more, capturing everything in the world. At the place where it had just exploded, a great Dao suddenly appeared.
 There seemed to be a shadow above. At this moment, it suddenly opened its eyes, which were full of shock. The Sage's Dao had actually been forced to appear by the other party. The heaven and earth seemed to reject the great Dao and let the great Dao of origin appear!
 The appearance of the great Dao ... Represented ... The danger of death!
 This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The great Dao trembled violently like a huge Dragon, as if it was trying to escape. But the next moment, the divine runes of the five elements appeared and instantly blocked the great Dao. Li Hao reached out and grabbed a thin sword in the distance, while Yuan Shuo made a move.
 Although there was no light, it was still extremely solid. He waved his sword and slashed at the great Dao!
 BOOM!
 With a loud bang, the great path collapsed. Zheng Gong's angry roar, desperate cry, and mournful cry resounded through the world."Impossible ... I'm a Saint ... Li Hao, Yuan Shuo, you dare to sever my Dao ..."
 BOOM!
 The great Dao collapsed!
 Zheng Gong's voice instantly disappeared.
 This was the first time they had cut off a saint's great Dao of origin. Some of the Saints who had died before had cut off their own great Dao, while some did not have a great Dao at all. The Crimson Moon experts did not have a great Dao of origin.
 As for the neo martial artists, although they could not absorb power, their great Dao still existed.
 But at this moment ... Li Hao had cut off the other party's great Dao and any hope of recovery. Unless a new martial artist King or great emperor took action, no one could resurrect an expert with a broken great Dao.

 The great Dao was broken!
 At this moment, the entire area fell silent.
 At the same time, Li Hao's eyes gradually became clear. Yuan Shuo's voice rang in his mind,""Teacher is tired and wants to rest for a while. Good disciple ... Don't be in a hurry to wake me up. If you wake us up, we'll just be sleeping ... When we've slept enough, we'll come back ... Live on ... Well!"
 Li Hao remained silent. At this moment, he was extremely calm.
 The teacher had fallen asleep.
 It was the same for the others. They had all fallen asleep.
 They were tired and needed to rest for a while. It was nothing.
 There was no response. He did not speak. He just disappeared in an instant and punched out. BOOM! A golden armor was instantly shattered. Li Hao suddenly roared. A fierce tiger appeared, but Li Hao was nowhere to be seen!
 The ferocious Tiger scuttled. Kacha, its claws crushed a golden-armored warrior. It then disappeared and attacked again. Kacha, another golden-armored warrior was killed!
  The undying fighters were instantly killed by him.
 In all directions, the experts who were still alive roared and killed the Golden and silver armors on the spot!
 Everyone was like a mad demon as they slaughtered and self-destructed.
 Some of them belonged to the enemy, and some belonged to him.
 These undying fighters and paragons also felt despair and began to self-destruct, no longer holding onto any hope. Three saints had actually been killed!
 At this moment, blood splattered in all directions, and the corpses disappeared in an instant.
 The tens of thousands of soldiers of the borderless Army were all pierced by the sword intent in the blink of an eye. When the living were all dead, the dead soldiers would lose their sense of direction.
 Slaughter!
 At this moment, there was only killing.
 Li Hao, who had transformed into a Tiger, pierced through many golden armors. In the end, he transformed into a human and punched the top of the city gate. The two words "boundless" were shattered with a boom. A powerful force counterattacked, but it was still shattered by Li Hao!
 The word 'boundless' shattered and disappeared!
 The entire ancient city trembled slightly, as if it was dead silent.
 In an instant, Li Hao disappeared. Then, many monster plants were quickly killed in various places!  With the death of the three saints, victory was set in stone!
 A moment later, the world fell silent.
 There were only a few corpses outside the city. There was only flesh and blood.
 Those who were still alive were also covered in injuries, and no one spoke.
 It was only when Li Hao landed on the ground that everyone's eyes began to shine. Li Hao ... Was still alive!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao was silent for a long time before he slowly said,""They're asleep ..."
 "En!"
 "They're so lazy...But...After we've annihilated the enemy and killed all the strong enemies, we'll give them a major demerit!" Someone nodded and said gloomily.
 Li Hao nodded and said softly, can you still fight? If you can ... Follow me out and give a thunderous blow to the Western gods. I'll kill the gods while the great Dao of the five elements is being devoured! Destroy the divine Kingdom's Army!"
 Everyone looked at each other. Even though they were already covered in injuries, they nodded in the next moment."I can fight!"
 Li Hao smiled. His smile was particularly bright.
  "Then ... Let's fight again!" He shouted.
 He threw down a clone, which took control of a broken seal. The entire city began to crazily devour the forces around it. Li Hao's true body suddenly punched out!
 BOOM!
 The void shattered, and everyone was swept into the bright star Universe by a powerful force. Li Hao traveled through the universe and headed straight for the five elements great Dao area, the five great DAOs that had not been completely shattered.
 That must be the Path of the Gods!
 Today, I will slaughter everyone!
 BOOM!
 With a punch, the void was shattered, and the city of Gods appeared.
 The ancient city had already been taken down, and he would no longer have any fear after slaughtering all these people!

 In the Western divine Kingdom.
 The void was torn apart.
 Li Hao no longer had any fear!
 Everything in the world goes according to my heart. At this moment, I am fearless and have no regrets!
 I don't owe anyone.
 The person I owe is already dead.
 Then who in this world can stop me?
 The sky cracked.
 Li Hao appeared in an instant. He had the perception of a God. Just as he was about to head out, he was struck like lightning. The great Dao of the five elements was still present. Heaven and earth, the giant city of the divine Kingdom, and a roar that did not sound human resounded through the sky!
 "Butcher!"
  BOOM!
 The huge city exploded, and countless people bled from their seven apertures.
 The demonic sound shook the world.
 Using the Dao as a sword!
 "Li Hao!"
 With a fierce roar, the Queen appeared. Li Hao's eyes were bloodshot. He slashed out with his sword, shattering the sky. The Queen was shocked. With a loud bang, she was cut in half by the sword. She quickly reattached her body, and her expression changed drastically!
 "Kill!"
 Behind him, numerous powerful existences appeared. Slaughter!
 Qian Wuliang's face was very serious as he murmured in a low voice. Like a curse, the million soldiers suddenly fell into chaos. The next moment, they started to kill each other. In the blink of an eye, blood was everywhere.
 The earth-overturning sword did not say a word. He walked out with his sword and stabbed it into the ground. The ground cracked and the cracks spread, killing countless soldiers of the divine Kingdom.
 A God had just appeared, and in the blink of an eye, sword intent filled the sky.
 One by one, the powerhouses exploded with extremely powerful strength and killed the gods on the spot!
 At this moment, the bright star sector emerged.
 As soon as a God died, Li Hao suddenly saw a huge star flickering in the great Dao like a demon. It instantly disappeared and then reappeared in the bright star sector. Using the great Dao as a sword, he slashed out!
 BOOM!
 The big star exploded!
 At this moment, a rain of blood suddenly fell from the sky.
 Even when a Saint died, there was no rain of blood.
 But at this moment, the entire land of the Silver Moon suddenly started to rain blood. The Queen was stunned. She looked up at the sky and then at the sea god who had just been killed. She was completely stunned.
 This ...
 There were records of blood rain in Silver Moon. Many years ago, several gods died, and blood rain began to fall from the sky.
 The gods that had caused the rain of blood never came back to life again.
 Even today, even though many gods had recovered, those who had been killed in the past had never reappeared.
 At this moment, in the temple.
 One by one, powerful existences were forcibly awakened.
 The Prophet God seemed to be a little sad.
  A mountain of corpses and a sea of blood!  It turned out that it was on this day.
 It turned out that the blood sea was not the last time, but this time. It was a real blood sea with blood rain pouring down. Even the Heaven's Will seemed to be shaking. Gods fell, and a great Dao wielder died!
 "Li Hao!"
 The Queen bellowed and frantically increased her combat strength.
 As for Li Hao, he appeared instantly and looked at her. At this moment, his tone and expression were extremely calm."Among the four nations, your God nation is the strongest and I hate you the most. If you had been obedient last time, you wouldn't have ended up like this!"
 "Li Hao, you're crazy. You killed a God. The heavens will punish you. You'll be abandoned by the heavens ..."
 "The heavens?"
 Li Hao smiled. In the next moment, he split the world with his sword and broke the momentum of the Heaven's Will. He roared,""Get lost!"
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
 Thunder and lightning rose from all directions. At this moment, the Heaven's Will seemed to be extremely furious, but at this moment, the bright star sector was in a riot. Hong long long, the Heaven's Will trembled, and the thunder and lightning disappeared.
 The Heaven's Will seemed to have felt the threat and retreated.
 Li Hao chuckled,"heaven's will?" The so-called heaven's will was just a slave to the great Dao. Since when could heaven's will suppress the great Dao? It's heaven's will to give you face, but if you don't ... It's nothing!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, he struck out with his sword. In an instant, a few gods appeared. They were all extremely powerful and their auras exploded.
 There was also a faint aura of The Holy Road!
 Li Hao smiled."You're out? How long can it last?"
 The Prophet God's face was full of vicissitudes, and he said with some compassion,""Governor li, why do you have to do this? "The divine Kingdom can retreat and massacre everyone. Once the world is stable, the second revival will come in advance ..."
 "So ... You all know about it!"
 Li Hao laughed. The next moment, he shouted and slashed out with his sword!
 At this moment, the sky was still dark, but it was bright again.
 The entire West was instantly illuminated by this sword!
 This sword attack combined the five elements into one. A fierce tiger came out of its cage with a sharp sword in its mouth, killing people with Dao and suppressing the heaven and earth!
 The Prophet God, the sun god, and a powerful God who had just awakened attacked Li Hao at the same time. The void was cutting them, and the world was suppressing them, but they had no time to care!
 At this moment, Li Hao was ridiculously powerful!
 The massacre continued in all directions!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Millions of divine soldiers were instantly killed and injured. No less than 100000 of them were dying rapidly and the internal strife was still going on. Qian Wuliang controlled the hearts of the soldiers and caused the entire divine Kingdom Army to rebel. He controlled tens of thousands of divine Kingdom soldiers to rebel and kill countless people!
  In the air, the three gods appeared in front of Li Hao. The next moment, the Queen appeared as well. She looked at Li Hao with an ugly expression and gritted her teeth."What are you doing?"
 "I'll kill you all!"
 "Arrogant!"
 Was he arrogant?
 Li Hao laughed."You guys ... Are not neo martial artists!"
 In an instant, he suddenly disappeared.
 Not only did he disappear, but the deities also seemed to be in another world. The stars in the universe stunned them. The next moment, Li Hao appeared on a huge star!
 The sword slashed down!
 BOOM!
 The Sun-like star was shattered by the sword. Li Hao's cold voice sounded,""Is it that hard to kill a Saint of a God nation? It's hard to kill a new martial Saint, but is it really hard to kill you guys?"

 Bang! Bang!
 The sun god's face instantly turned pale. Suddenly, countless divine power scattered from his body. With some confusion and disbelief, an extremely thick Dao Meridian in his body shattered, and a large amount of power flowed out!
 His eyes were a little unfocused, with some confusion and helplessness.
 Li Hao only shattered a planet, so why ... Am I heavily injured?
 The Prophet was stunned, and the next moment, he shouted,""Kill him ... This is the great Dao universe, and we are all spirits born from the great Dao ... Kill him quickly!"
 This time, he felt a sense of danger.
 As long as the great Dao existed, they would not be destroyed.
 However, if they were to be destroyed ... They would naturally be destroyed as well.
 Even the powerful sun god could withstand void slash for a while, but at this moment, he was seriously injured and dying because Li Hao's sword pierced a huge star. This ... Li Hao was the natural nemesis of gods!
 In the past, Li Hao hadn't sorted out the DAOs and hadn't found the DAOs that belonged to them. But today, Li Hao had sorted them out and found the power of the DAOs corresponding to them!
  Li Hao smiled and instantly disappeared into the starry sky. Those people were at a loss because of the turbulence in the starry sky.
 In the blink of an eye, Li Hao reappeared next to a big star.
 The third deity's expression changed drastically!
 He was the god of darkness. At this moment, in the distance, the huge star was extremely dark, like black ink. He knew that it must have something to do with him!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He immediately became anxious!
 BOOM!
 In an instant, Li Hao shattered the star again. Like the sun god, the god of darkness spurted out mouthfuls of blood and lost his divine power.
 "The Prophet God's great Dao ... I can't find it," li haoyou said coldly."It seems that it's still in an area I haven't explored. What a pity!"
 He found the great Dao of the god of darkness and the God of sun, shattered the big stars, and seriously injured them. Unfortunately, he did not find the big star of the Prophet God.
 The next second, he disappeared again.
 BOOM!
 The sword slashed down again, and a spark was shattered. The fire god had died last time, but it wasn't a true death. He was just waiting for the next revival. But at this moment, it was as if a scream from the underworld resounded through the world!
 In the outside world, a rain of blood descended.
 Another deity had fallen!
 The Prophet was stunned. At this moment, he rushed to Li Hao in a hurry and madness."Li Hao, you're going to fight the divine Kingdom to the death ..."
 "Fight to the death?"
 Li Hao's voice carried a hint of a smile as he walked in the bright star sector.""Just come and kill me! If it weren't for you ... We wouldn't be in this state! Moon Goddess, Prophet God, I ... Have nothing to fear!"
 Li Hao's smile was extremely bright."My teacher is gone. Martial uncle Nanquan is gone. Hou bu is gone. Even boss Liu Long is gone ... In this world, how many people ... Can you find to threaten me?"
 As soon as these words came out, the sky fell and the earth cracked!
 The great stars were instantly shattered!
 The Prophet was stunned, and the Queen's face changed. What did he mean?
 Last time, she had injured Yuan Shuo and caused Li Hao to go berserk. She still remembered that and knew that Yuan Shuo was probably Li Hao's Achilles 'heel.
 But today ... What was the meaning of this?
 Li Hao's laughter was still echoing in the vast universe."If the four countries didn't force me, if you didn't insist on attacking, if you didn't join hands with those dogs, why would I do this? Moon Goddess, Prophet, you ... Can't you predict the future? Don't you see this?"  "Hahaha!"
 Li Hao laughed and pierced through another planet with his sword!
 Meanwhile, in the outside world.
 The gods were suddenly seriously injured and their DAOs collapsed. They were all dumbfounded. Why ... Did this happen?
 In the next moment, a fist smashed over!
 BOOM!
 The God exploded!
 The rain of blood became even more intense, and the world was covered in a blood-red color that was spreading in all directions.
 The God ... Was really dead.
 One by one, the Dao meridians of the godly spirits were shattered. Although they didn't die immediately, a group of demons was massacring them. Once they seized the opportunity, they could only kill!
 A massacre!
 This was indeed a massacre!
 At this moment, countless people burst into tears.
 "Water god ... Wood God ... Life goddess ..."
 As long as the stars were destroyed, the gods would be killed by the Silvermoon people!
 ……
 In the bright star sector.
 The moon god's face was deathly pale. Beside her, the sun god and the darkness God were not dead yet, but their divine power was constantly being drained. If this continued ... They would not be able to hold on for long.
 As for the Prophet God, although he was powerful, he was too unfamiliar with this place. Li Hao walked through the void, appearing and disappearing in an instant, shattering great planets one after another.
 In this way, the Prophet God could not do anything to him!
 What was even more despairing was that at this moment ... Perhaps no one could do anything to Li Hao or stop him, because ... The people who could persuade him seemed to be dead.
 In the distance.
 "Li Hao, if I die, the Silver Moon will be revived and no one will be able to control it. The seal that seals the red moon Emperor will be broken ..." Yueshen said in a low voice.
  Li Hao chuckled,'I'm hiding in the luminous Star Universe, what can you do to me? When I master my divine power, I'll go out and kill them! Yueshen, why don't you ... Self-destruct?"
 Yueshen's expression darkened.
 At this moment, some of the restrictions and threats from before seemed to have lost their effect.
 She couldn't help but curse in her heart!
 Why?
 Who killed Yuan Shuo and the others?
 Killing Yuan Shuo and the others was the same as releasing the devil!
 If Li Hao didn't die, why did he kill those people?
 She was extremely furious!
 At this moment, Li Hao had shattered almost all the great stars he could find. The next moment, the world was spinning!

 The group of five reappeared in the world.
 Blood rained down on everyone, and yueshen's face was filled with sorrow.
 In just a short while, more than a dozen gods had died.
 Death in the true sense of the word!
 These entities were Saints at their peak. However, they had not fully recovered yet. Their Dao meridians had been broken, so they were almost killed on the spot. Even those whose Dao meridians had not been broken were being attacked by an unprecedented force!
 Slaughter!
 Everyone's eyes were blood-red as they were surrounded and killed one by one. Even without the rain of blood, the bodies of the gods would still be shattered, leaving nothing behind!
 In the blink of an eye, there were only a dozen gods left.
 In the city, the millions of divine soldiers had long lost their past piety. There was only fear, helplessness, and panic!
 The gods fell like rain!
  That day, Li Hao had attacked. The divine nation was powerful, and they had no fear.
 But this time, the gods were being killed one after another. The Queen and the Prophet were helpless and let Li Hao's side kill the gods. At this moment, they had Great Expectations when they saw these people appear.
 But soon, it became a greater despair!
 The Queen didn't seem to be able to do anything!
 The Prophet God was suppressed by Li Hao's sword, while the god of darkness and the God of sun were even more miserable. Under the Queen's protection, they kept running. If they didn't run, they would be killed on the spot!
 The Prophet God coughed up blood as he was cut by the space. At that moment, he knew what he was seeing.
 It was today!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had thought that it was the same last time, but ... He had guessed wrong.
 The God of fate could see the fate of the stars in the sky, either in the light or in the dark. Perhaps ... The goddess of fate could not see her own fate, and it was the same.
 While the Prophet was in a daze, Li Hao's sword pierced through the sun god, who was dodging the sword intent, with a crack. The sun god looked incredulous and unwilling!
 He was a Saint!
 However, at this moment, he died even worse than a piece of trash.
 His divine power flowed away, and his great path was broken. He wanted to but was powerless. He fled like a dog, but he still couldn't block this sword. This sword had shattered his physical body.
 The sun god was a little sad. He looked at the Queen and said in a weak voice,""Run ..."
 In the next moment, as if the sun had exploded, a roar resounded through the heavens and earth,""Run!"
 Let's go!
  Even if the Prophet God was there and the other party had not found the Prophet God's Dao Meridian, the heaven and earth could not accommodate Saints and they could not hold on for long. Once the Prophet God was defeated, everyone would die!  "Run!"
 At this moment, the darkness God, who knew that he had no way out, also burst out the last dark power in his body. In an instant, the world turned dark, and there was no trace of light. He roared,""Let's go, escort the moon goddess away!"
 The Queen was a little dazed. At this moment, just like when Li Hao was defeated last time, she also fell into a momentary daze. At the same time, several gods madly rushed over, grabbed the Queen, and roared,""Prophet ... Bring up the rear!"
 After saying that, the deities started to escape with the Queen in their arms!
 Very quickly, someone gave chase.
 Li Hao slashed at the Prophet with his sword again and again. The Prophet no longer held back. He went all out and his body exploded. He sighed."Why do you have to do this ... Why do you have to do this ... God nation is not to destroy heavenstar, it's just to take revenge on neo martial. Li Hao ..."
 "Don't you think it's too late?"
 Li Hao chuckled, as if he didn't care about those people escaping. Almost two-thirds of the dozens of gods had died, and only a dozen or so gods had escaped. Moreover, sky sword and the others had gone after them. How many of them could actually escape?
 Of the three experts who could recover their battle strength, two had been killed on the spot, and this one ... Once the Prophet's divine body was cut off, Li Hao would have to wait for a while to recover even if he hadn't found the corresponding great star.
 He slashed again and again, forcing the Prophet God to retreat. He was severely restricted here, and the space was still cutting him. Last time, he had been injured quite badly. After repeated attacks, his God Body completely collapsed!
 Sighing, feeling helpless, regretful, or some other emotion, they looked at Li Hao. This man ... Could destroy their roots!
 It could kill the essence of gods!
 This person might be a greater threat than the neo martial Supreme Emperor.
 This time, almost half of the dead gods had no chance of revival.
 For example, the sun god and the dark god would never have the chance to revive again.
  "Li Hao ... Killing a God ... Is not tolerated by the heavens ..."
 BOOM!
 A deafening sound reverberated throughout the world.
 At this moment, a massive explosion engulfed the entire divine Kingdom. BOOM! BOOM! The floating city began to collapse, and countless soldiers were instantly destroyed!
 Even Li Hao was forced to take a few steps back by the huge explosion, and some of the others were also blown far away.
 Millions of soldiers were all killed at this moment!
 The rain of blood covered the entire heaven and earth, and the blood water spread in all directions.
 The Prophet was dead, but there was still hope for him to resurrect, unlike the other gods. In the distance, the sounds of battle gradually died down, and Li Hao's voice resounded. "Don't chase after a desperate enemy!"
 There was a God behind them.
 A moment later, some people returned. Hong Yitang's expression was calm."" 17 escaped deities, and 18 of them were moon goddesses. Six chose to cover the retreat and were killed on the spot. The remaining 12 escaped ..."

 There were at least 50 gods, and only a quarter of them managed to escape.
 The power of the divine Kingdom had been completely destroyed. The three saints had all died in battle, and two of them would never recover.
 At this moment, the king of Dali was also covered in blood. He flew back and said in a low voice,""Why aren't you chasing?"
 "We can't Kill the Moon goddesses," Li Hao said calmly."If we kill them, the Silver city's seal will be completely broken. I don't care, but in fact, it doesn't matter. My teachers and the others paid the price of their slumber to bring peace to the world, right? Even though I don't care ... If I force the moon goddess into a corner and she really explodes the Silver Moon and releases the venerable sovereign ... Wouldn't I be sleeping in vain?"
 He looked around with a bright smile.""In one battle, he killed dozens of gods and wiped out an Army of a million ... The elites of the kingdom of God were destroyed. So what if yueshen escaped?"
 Everyone was silent.
 "At this moment ... Is it breaking the great wilderness?" someone asked in a deep voice.
 "No!"
 Li Hao looked at them and said seriously,"stay alive, okay?" There were divine Dao desolate beasts in the great wilderness, and they could fight it out, but ... That wasn't necessary! Once the divine Kingdom is destroyed, the Li Dynasty and shuiyun dynasty will retreat, and the great wilderness will not dare to appear. Heavenstar will be safe!"
 Stay alive, alright?
  As soon as these words came out, everyone's hearts trembled and they didn't speak again.
 Could the great wilderness be broken?
 There might still be hope. Of course, there were desolate beasts in the vast wilderness.
 But ... In such a state, it was a gamble of life again.
 It was easy to deal with divine kingdoms. After Li Hao sorted out his great Dao and found the foundation of their great Dao, he crushed their great Dao with the power of Saint extermination. These people could not fight against heavenstar at all!
 Li Hao smiled, his smile exceptionally bright. He shouted,""Heavenstar, there's no need to worry!"
 The God nation, one of the four countries, had lost countless gods and millions of soldiers.
 The rulers of Dali and shuiyun were right here. Even if they had not surrendered, they would not dare to send their troops!
 Da Huang was trapped in the desert and did not dare to come out.
 With the death of a God, the heavens and earth trembled, and the world was no longer as stable as before. Putting aside a second recovery, it would be a miracle if the world did not regress.
 Under such circumstances ... All the strategic goals of this battle had been achieved!
 Li Hao thought ...
 Have all of them been achieved?
 "I was thinking ... Maybe ... Not many people will die.
 He looked up at the sky and smiled. 'The teachers are just sleeping. I'll wake them up sooner or later.'
 In the past, the ancient king controlled the heavens and earth. Didn't he also revive those who died in battle?
 It was said that even Supreme martial artists who died in battle were resurrected, right?
 If he can, why can't I?
 Controlling the world ... Controlling the Dao of life and death, can't I do that?
 I can do it!
 At this moment, Li Hao sobered up. Yes, I want to be the master of the world, the master of the great Dao, and the master of life and death. If none of these works ... Then I'll turn back time!
 He wanted to pull them back from the past!
 Why couldn't time be reversed?
 I will do it!
  Li Hao laughed. Even though blood was pouring, he laughed heartily and roared,""What are you all doing? We've won! We destroyed the ancient city and the divine Kingdom!"  "All the dead and those who are asleep will return! I, Li Hao, will spend my entire life controlling the world, perfecting life and death, and reversing time. They will all return!"
 Everyone was shocked!
 At this moment, the world was shaking violently.
 The Heaven's Will roared!
 Li Hao's eyes glinted coldly."If you listen to me, I'll give you some leeway. If you stop me ... I'll kill you even if it's the will of the heavens!"
 The Heaven's Will was still roaring, and thunder and lightning were everywhere.
 Killing a God spirit would destroy the stability of the world.
 The next moment, a sword will pierced through the sky and the earth. Li Hao flew up and struck again and again, destroying all the Thunderbolts. The next moment, the sky and the earth were quiet, and only the rain of blood continued.
 "How should we deal with the watercloud troops?" Li Hao turned to look at Empress Dowager shuiyun.
 Empress Dowager Shui Yun's expression changed slightly, and she quickly whispered,""The governor's might is divine. The watercloud Kingdom is weak and was previously forced to join the four kingdoms" siege ... The watercloud Kingdom can merge with heavenstar. The South is indeed not suitable for survival. "
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao nodded slightly.
 Looking at the king of Dali, his expression changed and he said in a low voice,""The Li Dynasty ... Retreat! After returning to the Cang mountains! There are still countless tribes in the country. I ... Can not surrender!"
 Li Hao glanced at him for a long time before he said softly,""Heavenstar ... I'll wait until you've thought it through! King of Dali, take care!"
 The king of Dali did not say anything.
 "Then I'll take my leave first!" He cupped his hands slightly.
 "No. I will choose one-tenth of the results of today's battle and send it to the Li Dynasty to repay their efforts!"
 "Many thanks!"
 The king of Dali disappeared without saying anything.
 The second revival had already been blocked, the divine Kingdom had been defeated, the great wilderness had not appeared, and the water cloud had surrendered ...
 Who could stop Li Hao in this world?
 The Li Dynasty only wanted to go home.
 Previously, they had been extremely wary. However, now that the second revival had not happened, the people of the world of mortals could come as they pleased. Moreover, killing people could no longer revive the world, so the people of the world of mortals would most likely not come to Dali.
 This battle ... Thoroughly broke the seal on heavenstar.
  Li Hao ... Who could restrict him?
 ……
 The blood rain continued.
 Silver Moon land.
 Liu clan's ancient city, Hurricane city.
 Outside the city.
 The heavens fell and the earth cracked.
 Hong Chen's body appeared, and it was as if he was tearing the sky apart. The cutting of space only made him feel a little uncomfortable, but the countless lightning strikes still made him frown.
 Opposite him, a young man with a cold expression held a book in his hand and said softly,""Go back, I can't do anything to you ... But you ... Can't get out!"
 Red dust looked at him with a calm expression. He allowed his body to split open and said indifferently,""He killed Zheng Gong!"

 "Shouldn't I?"
 ? The young man looked at him for a long time before sighing,""It's a pity ... I can't do anything to you. I thought it was your father, but I didn't expect it to be you ... Zheng Yu, in that case, it was you who spread the Xun Song back then ... It's a pity that you were too smart for your own good and exposed the Zheng family's true colors!"
 "I'm afraid that I'll tear the void apart and destroy the world," Hong Chen said calmly."If I wasn't worried about the venerable sovereign's return, do you think ... The world can restrict me?"
 "Then you can just tear it apart!"
 Zhang an's face was calm."Zheng Yu, it seems like ... You've made quite a progress on the Heavenly King path. However, can you step into the Emperor-tier in this era?"
 "I have a better chance than you!"
 "Zhang an!" Hong Chen suddenly laughed."Zhang an, I'm a late-stage neo martial artist. I'll be the best in the world!"
 "With betrayal as the foundation?"
 "Yes!" Zhang an's tone was still calm."Traitors ... Will all die in the end!"
 "I'm afraid you won't live to see that day!"
  Hong Chen sneered."Even if I die, you won't be the one who kills me. Zhang an, life can be changed!" The future is all fought for by myself. If I don't fight, do I have a chance of becoming a venerable sovereign in this life? There were countless geniuses in new martial arts. Besides those people in the early days, how many people had advanced to venerable sovereign in the later days? Even the undying Saints and Heavenly Kings could do it ... Only the venerable sovereigns were powerful and occupied too much of the world's energy. The human Kings had three portions of the world. He occupied one, Emperor Cang occupied one, and the other venerable sovereigns occupied two-thirds of the remaining one-third ... Only the remaining people could divide the world's energy! If I don't take the risk, I'll be a Heavenly King at most in my life!"
 Zhang an didn't say anything and just looked at him silently.
 He wasn't too familiar with this person. However, when Yuanping martial arts university was established, this person had been there once with his father. Back then, this person wasn't very famous. Among the three sons of the Zheng family, the eldest son was at the peak of the Saint realm. That was the true genius.
 The second son Zheng Gong was also at the peak of immortal realm.
 Only this person ... Was frivolous and weak. From the looks of it now, it might have been a disguise.
 This person had reached the peak of Heavenly King realm and even half-step venerable sovereign realm in this era after the origin disappeared. He was truly terrifying!
 However ... This person didn't dare to leave the ruins easily.
 Even though it could tear the void and the sky, the world was damaged. Once the seal was broken, it would be the same as seeking death. There was still a venerable sovereign in the seal!
 "Zheng Yu, if you don't retreat ... The pressure of the world will gather here, and perhaps ... The Silver city's seal will break immediately."
 "I'm afraid ... It'll be difficult for you to get out!"Zhang an said calmly.
 Red dust Zheng Yu only looked at him, letting the world around him tremble. After a long time, he said coldly,""Zhang an, you can Stop Me Now, but you can't stop me forever! The world will be completely stabilized sooner or later. At that time ... I will definitely kill you!"
 "Then I'll wait. I'm just afraid that ... I won't be able to wait until that day!" Zhang an sighed.
 "Hmph!"
  Zheng Yu snorted and looked at him for a while. Then, he looked up at the sky and saw that the blood rain had been destroyed in an instant. He turned to look in the direction of the Silver City. A huge eight-trigram diagram seemed to be trembling violently at this moment.  He frowned slightly!
 How hateful!
 If Zhang an had not stopped him, he would have had a chance to enter boundless city and stop Li Hao and the others even if he had only left for a moment. Outside, he could not maintain his combat strength. The natural enemy was just one of the reasons. More importantly, his explosive power was too strong and could shatter the weak natural enemy. The seal might also be broken!
 He couldn't let the seal break at this moment.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com His expression was a little ugly, and he no longer said anything. He instantly retreated to the back of the city.
 The next moment, the city below the ground trembled as if it wanted to escape from this place.
 Zhang an did not stop him, nor could he stop him.
 He was a top-notch existence!
 He could stop them outside the city, but if he went inside, he would definitely die with his current strength.
 Zheng Yu's voice was cold.""Although Zheng Gong is dead, Li Hao's side won't have an easy time either. Zhang an, you've stopped me, but if Li Hao's friends and family die in battle ... I think you and Li Hao will part ways! I'd like to see ... If you can stand the test of the human heart! If you say that it's to stop me ... Regardless of whether Li Hao believes it or not, I'll find an opportunity to invade the other main cities and destroy them ... Of the eight main cities, sword city is no longer here and has been seized. I've deployed men in the other main cities. Zhang an, I'll see how you deal with this!"
 "No need to worry!"
 Zhang an looked indifferent."You'd better think about it. If the red moon sovereign breaks the seal, the first thing he will do ... Is to kill you or someone else."
  "I'll give you the same words. You're just a mere Saint, and I don't need you to threaten me! "Mcmau student in the early stage of neo martial. His grandfather is a Supreme, his father is a hero of the human race, he's on good terms with the human King, and his sister, but he's only a Saint ... Trash, what right do you have to criticize me?"
 A sneer shook the hearts of the people. The ground trembled as if the mountains were collapsing and the earth was splitting. In an instant, the ancient city disappeared.
 Zhang an didn't pursue it, but just looked at it silently.
 He turned his head to the West, and after a long silence, he disappeared from his original spot. Soon, he returned to the ancient domain.
 The divine Kingdom of the West had been broken, and Zheng Gong was dead. The boundless realm and the divine Kingdom had been taken over.
 The star military governor's office was temporarily free of worries.
 Heaven and earth were fragile, and Zheng Yu didn't dare to appear again. This time, he took the risk to appear and save his elder brother. He had already broken through the heaven and earth, and the seal had been tormented several times. This Zheng Yu ... Might not even dare to show his clone again.
 However ... How many losses did Li Hao suffer?
 He thought about it, but he didn't want to think about it.
 With the battle prowess of a Saint, he was able to battle against at least two to three saints ... This battle ... Might not be easy.

 Zhang an returned to the ruins and dispersed the power of the new Dao. He restored his spiritual body and sat cross-legged in silence.
 Trash?
 Perhaps!
 The son of the Zheng family's side branch had actually entered the Emperor-to-be realm, while he had only been in the Heavenly King-to-be realm previously. There was a huge gap between them.
 Am I ... Too useless?
 He laughed at himself in his heart.
 Perhaps!
 'If I wasn't useless, why would I ... Why would I be afraid of the other main cities? I might as well send a message to the other ancient cities and gather the Army. Maybe ... There's still a chance of survival.'
 "But ..."
 There were countless thoughts in his mind.
  In the ancient city, besides wubian and Hurricane, how many other clans had been invaded?
 ……
 At the same time.
 A battleship silently flew towards Silvermoon.
 The warship headed straight for boundless city.
 Soon, the warship entered boundless city again, and Li Hao entered it. At this moment, boundless city was engulfing heaven and earth, devouring energy. Dozens of gods were killed in battle, and millions of soldiers were annihilated. The energy of heaven and earth was supposed to be restored.
 However, it was because of the endless city's devouring that the world became more and more fragile.
 It was also because the world was becoming increasingly fragile that Zheng Yu did not dare to make any more moves and could only allow Zhang an to seal the city.
 At this moment, everyone landed from the warship.
 Each and every one of them was covered in injuries.
 Her emotions were fluctuating.
 The battlefield was still the same, and the ancient city was soaked in blood. Tens of thousands of soldiers were killed, and the dead were helpless. The soldiers seemed to be on the verge of collapse, and many of them even collapsed on their own.
 The boundless Army wasn't completely made up of rebels. A portion of them had died in the early stages, leaving behind only remnants of their will to follow the orders of their superiors. Now that their superiors were dead, they instantly lost their vitality.
 Li Hao landed on the ground and looked around. He was silent for a long time.
 In this battle, Nan Quan, hou Xiaochen, Yu Luosha, Jin Jin, Yuan Shuo, Thunderbolt kick, Liu Long, Kong Jie, light sword, North Quan's Thunder fist, master of frenzied blade, mad Demon Blade, the previous generation's tie Buyi, and even Yao si, the old man who was once scolded by Li Hao, died in this battle.
 Li Hao looked around, deep in thought.
 In just one battle, half of Silver Moon martial forest was gone.
 Was it worth it?
 The nine new martial arts students who had come to serve him were all silent, leaving only their weapons behind. Even if Li Hao wanted to resuscitate them, it would be very difficult because even their spirits had become silent.
 This battle ... It could only be considered a fluke to win.
 Perhaps ... It was worth it!
 Li Hao looked at the sky and suddenly said,""Teacher and the rest should know that the sky is already bright. Even if ... There's only a little bit of light, it's no longer dark!"
 It was dawn!
 Outside, the sun of the next day had arrived.
 After this battle, the threat from the four countries would no longer exist.
 Next, perhaps, it would be a period of full development, including ... The other ancient cities!
 "I think I might know how to deal with this.
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 Behind him, Qian Wuliang said carefully,""Governor ... Then ... The funerals of the seniors ..."
 Li Hao turned his head and looked at him. After a long time, he said,""She's not dead, what funeral?"
 Qian Wuliang nodded quickly and didn't dare to say another word.
  The feeling that Li Hao gave him right now ... Was like an abyss staring at him, suffocating him!  At this moment, Qian Wuliang even had a sense of death. He knew that Li Hao, who looked calm, would never be calm.
 "Cleaning up the battlefield and taking over an ancient city will give you countless benefits!"
 Li Hao regained his composure as if nothing had happened. He looked into the distance and smiled."This place will soon become the next Holy Land. As for the second revival ... What does it have to do with us? I don't care if the world is fragile or not!"
 Everyone was silent.
 Some people in the crowd were disappointed. Li Hao's voice rang out again.""Everyone, cultivate, become stronger, and master the Dao. If we still can't see the difference in power in this battle, then ... How are we going to take revenge? When has the Silver Moon martial forest ... Ever been killed by an outsider like this?"
 As soon as he said that, the wounded Northern fist gritted his teeth and growled,""Become stronger!"
 In this battle, Nanquan had died. His martial uncle had also died. He was the only one left in the fist technique branch.
 He should have died as well, but ... Yao si suddenly appeared. The head of the night patrol was also good at fist Arts. In the end, Yao si died in battle while he survived. Perhaps, in Yao SI's opinion, in the field of fist Arts, Northern fist was the most talented. Since Southern Fist was already dead, he should leave Northern fist behind.
 At this moment, everyone's eyes were burning with flames!
 All of them had activated Dao meridians that didn't belong to the 36 Dao meridians system. The look in their eyes, which seemed to be ready to devour people, made Empress Dowager Shui Yun, who had followed them, feel a little afraid.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com These people ... Seemed to be burning explosives.
 If he was not careful, he would ignite the battle between heaven and earth.
 Li Hao walked toward the mansion in the center with his back to the crowd. He didn't look back, didn't turn around, and didn't pay tribute to anyone, because in his eyes, none of them were dead.
 The ones who died were those he was about to find.
 The Silver Moon does not belong to them, but to us. The peace that we forged with our lives and blood can not be taken away!
 Behind him, everyone followed silently.
 The huge ancient city was as silent as a grave.
 ……
 At this moment, the sky brightened. The blood rain stopped, and the sky cleared up after the rain.
 However, countless people were puzzled.
 The ground ... Why was it red?
 And at this moment.
 At the end of the eastern continent.
 The great wilderness.
 The great desolation master was a little out of his wits as he looked into the distance, his mind wandering.
 Last night, a rain of blood fell and dyed the earth red.
 The weak were ignorant, but he knew that the sky had changed, something had happened to the divine Kingdom, and the gods ... Had died one after another. Who had killed them?
 Li Hao?
 The five-party conference was tomorrow, but at this moment, he seemed to be a little uneasy and a little fearful. The five-party conference ... Could it really continue?
 Now that their communications had been cut off, he couldn't receive any news at all. The vast wilderness was like a cage that had trapped them.
  ……
 On this day, the other ancient cities were the ones that were shaken.
 Something strange seemed to be happening in boundless city. It was devouring the energy of heaven and earth like it was deliberately preventing the recovery of heaven and earth. Why ... Was it like this?
 If they didn't recover, they wouldn't be able to absorb any energy, and something would happen sooner or later.
 Of course, recovery was not a good thing, but ... The eight major cities had a tacit understanding previously to only absorb some energy and draw it out evenly. It should not be like drying up the pond to catch fish!
 Only heaven battling city seemed to have vaguely guessed something, but the entire city remained silent.
 Was the Zheng family a traitor?
 And ... Did Li Hao's side win or lose?
 The death of the gods might not have been caused by Li Hao's group, but by the Crimson Moon.
 Everyone was at a loss as to what to do when the communication was cut off.

 As the communication was cut off, it became more difficult to contact the outside world.
 In the boundless city.
 Everyone started to clean up the battlefield in silence. This was the first time they had completely controlled an ancient city.
 It was incomparably huge!
 This ancient city had not been compressed at all. It had only been deliberately concealed before.
 The ancient city that could accommodate tens of millions of people was huge.
 Li Hao sat on the throne in the city Lord's mansion, looking down at the surroundings.
 In one battle, he had killed three saints, dozens of undying and hundreds of paragons. He had also killed three saints from the godly Spirit's side, even though those three saints weren't at the peak and were greatly restricted.
 However, this time, he had killed six saints. Now, other than the desolate beasts in the vast wilderness, Li Hao had no more restrictions.
 Of course, the seal of the Crimson Moon's venerable sovereign might have been slightly damaged this time, and the other party might have taken the opportunity to pollute the Silver Moon. However, as long as the other party did not come out, no matter how much Crimson Moon Power he seeped into Li Hao, it would be a tonic for him.
  Venerable sovereigns were too powerful. If not for the seal, it would have been difficult for heaven and earth to restrict them.
 And this time, killing Zheng Gong and cutting off his great Dao ... Might have attracted the attention of the enemy. If Hong Chen was the head of the Zheng clan, he should be able to sense it.
 What kind of strength did Hong Chen have?
 Could this heaven and earth restrict him?
 If he couldn 't, why didn't the other party appear to kill him earlier? instead, he put in so much effort to create this four Country Alliance.
 If it could restrict the other party ... Then the other party's strength was not too strong, and he could not break through the restrictions of heaven and earth?
 At this moment, Li Hao kept thinking.
 Now, of the eight ancient cities, boundless city had been taken down, and sword city was in the Stargate. As for the remaining six ancient cities, except for heaven battling city ... Perhaps even heaven battling city ... Had people attacked by the power of the Crimson Moon.
 They were either from Hong Yue or Hong Chen.
 There were three families in star suppression city, the Zhou family, the Zheng family, and the Liu family. If the Zheng family had problems, then the other two families might have problems too.
 In the past, Li Hao wouldn't have thought about it. He would have preferred to rope in new martial arts and reach an agreement with them.
 But now ... He had to think and consider all these.
 He might not care about this, but ... His teacher and the others, hou bu and the others, should still care, right?  If they care, then I care.
 Li Hao thought to himself.
 "Next, everyone will continue to cultivate. The world will continue to stabilize ... However, the great Dao will also become more perfect. The ancient city can absorb the energy of the world and destroy its Foundation ... Let's see if they come out first or if I become stronger first."
 Thoughts emerged one by one.
 After a moment, Hong Yitang entered and said in a deep voice,""All the living people in the city shall be executed! However, there are still tens of thousands of soldiers and some lingering spirits. These soldiers may not be traitors, but are all loyal soldiers. How do you think we should deal with them, Governor?"
 "Join the heaven-battling Army ... Join the 9th Division!"
 Li Hao suddenly laughed,"I was thinking about how to meet the ninth Division commander, but these soldiers ... Let him take them in!" They were just a group of ordinary soldiers who were not qualified to participate in the rebellion in the past. They did not forget to guard the city after their death, so they were still loyal to their duty!"
 Hong Yitang hesitated for a moment and said,""Although the Zheng family has rebelled, we don't have any evidence ..."
 Until now, there was no concrete evidence that the other party had rebelled.
 Li Hao laughed."The three saints maintained their full combat power. Zheng Gong humiliated the Supreme-being of the Zhang family. Director Wang witnessed it with his own eyes ... If all of this can't be used as evidence, it has to be seen with his own eyes. It has to be proof on the surface ..."
 After saying this, Li Hao's tone returned to normal.""That means heaven battling city ... Is nothing more than this! If they don't want to repair their relationship with me, then so be it. For the sake of our past relationship, I won't make things difficult for them, but ... The powerhouses of zhantian ... If you want to resurrect them, you'll have to ask me if I agree!"
 "As for the other ancient cities, putting aside the Liu and Zhou clans, regardless of whether there are traitors in the other ancient cities or not, just relay the news to them. It doesn't matter whether they listen to it or not ... I'll be restricting them from doing so!" Zhang xuan said coldly.
  "I don't expect them to work with me, but ... Without my permission, no one is allowed to take a single step out of the ancient city! Including the clone!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hong Yitang's expression changed slightly.
 He glanced at Li Hao. At this moment, Li Hao's attitude had changed again. He was no longer living in peace with the neo martial artists, but he was compressing the space for the neo martial artists to live in.
 He nodded and continued,"then Da Huang ..."
 "Since the mortal world can't revive itself by killing people, it's possible to destroy the great desolation to stabilize the world ... Or perhaps the forbidden sea's energy."
 The other party still had a way to deal with it, but Li Hao controlled an ancient city. The ancient city absorbed a lot of energy and could delay the second recovery.
 The forbidden Sea might not be able to do it, but the great wilderness had occupied a large amount of territory and transformed it into chaos. There might be a chance to exterminate the great wilderness, but there were also many Saint level existences among the desolate beasts.
 Li Hao suddenly laughed and said,"I'm just watching the show!" However, you must keep an eye on the great wilderness and not attack it intentionally. You must not allow the great wilderness to take a single step out and let the world of mortals play with them. The Lord of the great wilderness actually dares to invade ... Then he must be prepared to be devoured by the backlash. "
 "Yes!" Hong Yitang nodded and quickly added,"there's one more important thing. The seal above the Silver City might ... Loosen after the Galaxy Sword self-destructed!"
 "You said earlier that the seal is connected to Ying Hongyue ... Did Ying Hongyue become stronger because of the feedback or because the seal was loosened?" he asked.

 "It's hard to say,"
 Li Hao shook his head, and his eyes turned cold."After the Li Dynasty's King retreats, he'll definitely use all his strength to encircle and annihilate Ying Hongyue ... He might not be safe when he returns to the Li Dynasty this time. Quickly send the spoils of war over and upgrade the Li Dynasty. Let the Li Dynasty upgrade, suppress Ying Hongyue, kill the members of the three major organizations, and force her to be alone!"
 The Li Dynasty retreated, but Li Hao gave them a lot of spoils of war. His goal was clear, which was to make the Li Dynasty stronger. He was worried that the Li Dynasty only had the king and Jiang Li and might not be able to suppress the members of the three major organizations.
 "The Western deity who escaped ..."
 "They should worry more about the pursuit of the great beings of the Crimson Moon universe!"
 "Spread the news," Li Hao said."All the gods of the divine Kingdom have died. Only 12 escaped, including the moon goddess!" He might escape back to the Western divine Kingdom ... The red moon Emperor has infected countless people. He might have a backup plan and let them kill the gods!"
 The traitor wanted to deal with the great wilderness and revive the world.
 Red Moon Emperor wanted to deal with yueshen and weaken the seal.
 He did not kill yueshen and Da Huang to reduce losses and restrain both sides. On the Li Dynasty's side, he could target the three major organizations. In this way, the world would be at peace, at least in the short term.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, could make use of this time to strengthen Heavenly Star, everyone else, and himself!
  Li Hao continued,"I represent heaven and earth, or rather, the limit of the Silvermoon people's combat strength. Next, I'll open my meridians again and increase them to around 36 Dao meridians. Therefore, if heaven and earth aren't stable enough, it'll only be targeted at neo martial artists and Crimson Moon, not the people from the new Dao!"
 "Everyone ... You must all improve as soon as possible!"
 "I've gained a lot from this battle, including the remains of a few Saints, the power of immortality, the spring of life ... They're all huge gains. The corpses of deities are also the key to my improvement!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Hong Yitang nodded his head continuously. At this moment, the others entered one after another.
 Many people had died in this battle.
 However, some core forces didn't suffer much losses. Lin Hongyu, Qian Wuliang, director Zhao, director Zhou, Huang Yu, and Chen Zhongtian were all well-versed in both literature and martial arts.
 Perhaps ... They were not that brave. Perhaps, those people had intentionally left them behind.
 This was because they knew that they could not manage the world, but these people could.
 Li Hao was slightly dazed when he saw these people.
 Huang Yu, who led the Army, Lin Hongyu, director Zhao, Hong Yitang, who wanted to promote education, Chen Zhongtian, who was in charge of inspection, and Qian Wuliang, who could see through people's minds, were still there.
 Did these people come to some kind of agreement in secret?
 He was not an idiot.
 At this moment, when he saw these people, he thought of his teacher and the others. Did they ... Have they already decided who would self-destruct at the critical moment and who would stay behind?
 This time, the ones who died in battle were the southern Fist, golden spear, and other martial artists who were stronger than their intelligence.
 Why ... Was it such a coincidence?
 Even hou Xiaochen had died because of an accident. Otherwise, he might not have died.
  As these thoughts flashed through his mind, he looked at the crowd again.  Tian Jian, a warrior who was dedicated to the Dao, was actually fine. It wasn't that he didn't want him to live, but ... Tian Jian had a resolute personality. If someone died in this battle, Li Hao had once thought that Tian Jian might be one of those people.
 Why ... Was Tian Jian fine?
 He glanced at Qian Wuliang who was not far away. Qian Wuliang seemed to be paying attention to Li Hao. When he saw Li Hao, he was a bit shocked.
 Li Hao seemed to have seen through people's hearts, making him tremble.
 "Uncle-master Tian Jian," Li Hao suddenly said,"I'm very pleased that you survived this battle. Uncle-master has a resolute personality. I'm worried that you'll also fall into a deep sleep ..."
 "I was just lucky," Tian Jian said in a low voice,"it's all thanks to general Ying for helping me at the crucial moment ..."
 Qian Wuliang's face was suddenly covered with sweat.
 Originally, saving people in battle wasn't a bad thing. In order to save bei Quan, Yao si had sacrificed himself, so no one would say that Yao si had any ill intentions.
 Li Hao nodded slightly and looked at BA Dao.""Martial uncle BA Dao, who saved you?"
 BA Dao was stunned for a moment before saying,""General Ying ..."
 Qian Wuliang couldn't suppress the fear in his eyes.
 Li Hao didn't say anything. He just nodded slightly.
 Overlord blade, sky sword.
 They were all honest and strong martial masters.
 However ... In terms of closeness, Tian Jian wasn't too bad, and BA Dao wasn 't. As for those close to him, like Yuan Shuo, Liu Long, and hou Xiaochen, they were all gone.
  There weren't many Silver Moon martial masters who were good at scheming.  Tian Jian and the others were all good at fighting, but most of those who were close to him had died.
 Hong Yitang's combat strength and strategy were not bad. However, his heart was not on government affairs or the Army. He was only focused on following the path of the ancient Supreme martial artists and promoting martial arts and education in the world.
 Many thoughts appeared in Li Hao's mind.
 At this moment, Lin Hongyu, director Zhao, and the others 'expressions changed.
 The others didn't think much of it. They only thought that Qian Wuliang was a good friend who helped sky sword and BA Dao at the critical moment. Otherwise ... They would have lost a few more Silver Moon Warriors.
 Qian Wuliang lowered his head and didn't dare to look at Li Hao.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, looked at him for a long time before saying,""General Ying, I have a very important task for you ... Can you take it?"
 "The governor has ordered that Wuliang will do his best!"
 Li Hao nodded slightly and said,"you'll be in charge of escorting the supplies to the Li Dynasty!" Tell the king of Dali that I'll let you stay in Dali for a while to exterminate the members of the three major organizations. You can come up with a plan ... Although the king of Dali is brave and Jiang Li is smart, he doesn't know much about the three major organizations. "

