fileno%d
h Li Hao's system, we're already at the middle stage of the sun Moon tier."
 "With such strength ... It's difficult for them to even take down the light sword, let alone Li Hao. Zhao Shuguang is even more powerful than us when he makes a move. So terrifying ..."
 "I've given it some thought. It hasn't been long since we entered the ancient domain. I can only say that even the heavens aren't helping us ... In that case, it's best for us to make another trip into the ancient domain."
 As soon as these words came out, the faces of the few people turned pale.
 They originally only had the battle power of the rising light, which was close to the divine power, but now they instantly had the battle power of the middle stage of the sun Moon realm. One could imagine how great a price they had paid.
 Many people had gone in that day, but only the three of them had come out.
 The others were not killed by the existence in the ruins.
 It was because ... He couldn't withstand the increase in his combat strength and exploded.
 They had come out with some tasks.
 But now ... Not only did he fail to complete his mission, he had also encountered trouble the moment he came out. Now, he had to return again. General Tian's expression was grave."Duke, we've accomplished nothing and just left the ruins. I'm afraid it's not appropriate for us to go back now! That Lord also said before not to look for him unless there's something important. If we go back now, we might not die at the hands of Li Hao and the others, but ..."
  Xu Huan was helpless.
 "Then what do you guys think we should do?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The few of them were silent.
 What to do?
 They didn't know.
 "Then ... Can I talk to Li Hao?"
 The general was a little cautious."Li Hao, in the past ... In the past, he had a conflict with my Xu family, but after that, he no longer cared about it. This time, Li Hao himself did not appear. The high Duke's public house is not weak now, that Li Hao might be willing to talk."
 "Talk?"
 Xu Huan fell into deep thought.
 After a long while, he nodded."That's true. We're strong now. Although those people aren't weak, the great wilderness is nearby and is eyeing us covetously. I've already sent people to investigate. It's said that the princess of the great wilderness has been wandering at the edge of the eastern continent with a large number of elite cavalry! Starting a war with my Xu family is also a threat to them ..."
 Just as he was speaking, suddenly, BOOM!
 The sound of thunder resounded through the world.
 The entire High Duke's public house started to shake.
 Xu Huan's expression changed!
 In the next moment, a few people flew out quickly. With a loud bang, the high Duke's public house was directly crushed into pieces.
 A large number of servants were instantly killed!
 Xu Huan's expression changed drastically. Suddenly, a divine rune appeared on his body. Or rather, it wasn't a divine rune, but the battle character formula of star suppression city. A character appeared and suppressed the heaven and earth!
 At this moment, a group of people arrived.  The light sword appeared again.
 Director Zhao also appeared. Actually, with his strength, it wasn't impossible for him to deal with these people. However, he was worried that they would retaliate. He escaped or even attracted the attention of some powerful existences.
 Even if the other party's true body couldn't come out, they still had to be on guard.
 As they appeared, Tian Jian and BA Dao appeared from the other two sides. Xu Huan's expression changed and he said in a deep voice,""What is the meaning of this? "We're currently negotiating. It's not our original intention to be hostile to the governor's office. Perhaps there's another way for us to reach an agreement ..."
 At this moment, they were all looking at him coldly.
 As for the light sword, its face was also cold and solemn.""I'll just ask you one last question. Will you surrender?"
 ? Xu Huan was furious!
 Suppressing his anger, he said,"we're not weaklings. If we really fight, we don't know who will die. Li Hao took over the world, but he can't just kill them all. He has to subdue them." We can sit down and talk ..."
 "Kill!"
 As the governor of the East, the light sword had absolute power. In an instant, he attacked.
 If it was in the past, he would have to ask.
 Should I talk to the Xu family?
 But now ... Li Hao had given a death order. Anyone who disobeyed him would be killed without mercy!
 Since sky sword and BA Dao were already here, why should he care so much?
 Out of these four, director Zhao was close to the 7th Sky, sky sword was close to the 5th sky, while blade Overlord and radiant blade were slightly weaker, at the peak of the 3rd sky, but close to the 4th sky.
 The four of them had fought with neo martial artists before. At this moment, when they started fighting, a scream resounded in the world.
 The sky sword was more ruthless than before.
  The moment he attacked, sword Qi pierced through the world.
 With a cracking sound, the void was shattered, and general Tian's arm was cut off with a sword. He said coldly,""You dare to call me general Tian?"
 General Tian's face turned pale. Just as he was about to escape, another sword attack came!
 This sword was even more powerful than the previous ones.
 They were both at the fourth level of the sun Moon tier! Tian Jian might be slightly stronger, but it wasn't to the point of crushing them! However! His essence! Energy! And spirit were completely different. At this moment, Tian Jian's sword wasn't as majestic as before, but it was filled with killing intent!
 With one strike, he suppressed the other party. With another strike, with a crack, he cut off the other party's legs!
 On the other side, blade Overlord and Sword of Light were dealing with the earth general at the same time. The earth General's face was also pale. He was stronger than the two of them, but he was no match for them when they joined forces. At this moment, he was in a precarious situation!
 Xu Huan was in an even worse state. At this moment, director Zhao looked around and was on guard. However, he was still extremely strong. The moment the eight direction seal appeared, Xu Huan spat out blood.
 It was only at this moment that the three of them realized the difference.
 Just as Xu Huan was about to speak, a shrill cry was heard. With a loud boom, general Tian's head was directly chopped off by Tian Jian. He frowned slightly and snorted coldly."Strange!"

 After chopping off the head of the other party, the other party seemed to be dead, but it also felt like he was not completely killed!
 The next moment, his thoughts were verified.
 A shadow appeared, and Tian Jian was stunned. He raised his eyebrows slightly."Mental energy? We Silvermoon people don't specialize in spiritual power. That's strange, but it's somewhat similar to the practice of neo martial arts. Are you guys the same as Zhou Chuan?"
 Director Zhou's body had been reversed and he became a neo martial artist. However, it was said that back then, it was a strong person who used all his power to successfully transform. Moreover, he was not as strong as these people.
 If these people were also forcefully reversed by someone, then how strong was the expert who reversed them?
 At this moment, the apparition of general Tian appeared. On the other side, Xu Huan was also shrieking,""You can't kill us. We have a top master behind us ..."
 Kachaa!
 As soon as he finished speaking, Tian Jian's sword tore the sky apart and directly shattered his opponent's spiritual power!
 He snorted coldly!
 What peerless expert?
  In the past, they would have to think about whether they had offended the neo martial artists, but now, who cared?
 Although Nanquan had died, no one mentioned this anymore.
 However, they all felt that if it was Zhang an, things wouldn't have turned out this way. Zhang an was able to walk freely and even resuscitate some students all because of Li Hao.
 In the end, that Zhang an did not know how to repay a debt of gratitude at all!
 To these neo martial artists, except for director Wang and the others, everyone was extremely hostile to the other neo martial artists except for heaven battling city!
 Tian Jian did not care about anything and killed general Tian on the spot.
 Not only that, the light sword and BA Dao both let out a fierce roar. Under the joint attack of a blade and a sword, a loud bang was heard and the other party was directly torn apart. The other party's mind power had just appeared when it was torn apart by the two of them!
 Xu Huan's expression changed drastically!
 These people were completely different from what he had guessed. There was no talk of holding back, no fear, and no intention of taking them in. The two sides had not even discussed conditions, and the other party had killed two people!
 Just as he was thinking about it, with a loud bang, director Zhao's seal split his body apart. Director Zhao frowned,""You don't have any? If that's the case ... Then I'll kill you!"
 At that moment, a faint spiritual power suddenly emerged from Xu Huan's body. It was illusory, but the next moment, it began to grow stronger again. A human figure could be vaguely seen.
 The moment he appeared, director Zhao heaved a sigh of relief,""He's out. It seems like he has a plan!"
 Just as the shadow wanted to speak, director Zhao smashed down with his seal!
 This seal directly smashed the sky and cracked the earth!
 The shadow snorted coldly,"eight direction seal?" How dare you ..."
 BOOM!
 The heavenly Sword came!
 The eight direction seal fell!
 Bang Bang Bang sounds rang out and in the blink of an eye, the illusionary figure was smashed into pieces. Director Zhao laughed,"Lord Marquis has ordered that anyone who resists or becomes an enemy shall be killed without mercy!"
 "From the looks of it, you're not weak at all. In the past, we might have been able to negotiate, but now ... You've manipulated the Xu clan to fight against heavenstar and split it apart. That is a crime punishable by death!"
 As soon as he finished speaking, the eight direction seal exploded again. The other party didn't even have time to speak before he was directly torn into pieces.  As for director Zhao, he reached out and grabbed the shattered Xu Huan.
 At that moment, Xu Huan was overwhelmed with fear.
 He did not expect that the other party still had some mental strength hidden in his body. He also did not expect that Zhao Shuguang and the others would be scattered by the other party.
 "Who is he?"
 Director Zhao asked. Xu Huan's face turned pale,""I ... I don't know ... He's an ancient powerhouse ... From ... Star suppression city ..."
 "How did you manage to reach this stage?"
 "We ... We were modified by them ..."
 "Did he tell you anything?"
 Xu Huan's expression changed. Just as he was about to negotiate, his arms and legs disappeared with a crack. He was terrified.
 He wasn't his brother or his father. He was an old fox.
 He was just a spoiled second generation!
 At this moment, in his panic, he hurriedly said,""Yes ... Yes ... He asked us to find ... Find the inheritance left in star suppression city after we come out ... It's said that three of the eight ancient cities are descendants of star suppression city ..."
 Director Zhao frowned.
 "What else?"
 "No... No more ... I only said that if I find these three shops ... I'll tell ... Tell, tell ..."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "What did he say?"
 Director Zhao frowned, while Xu Huan seemed to be struggling and in pain. Suddenly, flames appeared on his body and burned him.
 Director Zhao's expression changed, and he hollered,""The outside world is not your territory!"
 BOOM!
 The secondary wind and cloud Mirror floated into the air, separating the heaven and earth. With a crack, it was as if something had broken.
  As for Xu Huan, he was on the verge of death.
 Director Zhao frowned."The other party actually left some restrictions on you. Now, I've isolated them. Tell me, what else is there?"
 "He ... He said ..."
 There was only fear in Xu Huan's eyes. He stuttered,""If you see anyone from any of the three cities, tell them that he has found out and ask them to come and find him!"
 "What did you find?"
 "I don't ... I don't know ..."
 Director Zhao frowned. Useless!
 "Just this?"
 "Just these ..."
 Before he could finish, director Zhao took away the Deputy wind and cloud Mirror. Xu Huan screamed and exploded into pieces.

 Director Zhao shook his head,"I don't think he's lying. That's all there is to it. It's useless to keep them. The Marquis probably didn't want to see the Xu family, so he killed them. We need to inform the Marquis!" The ruins of star suppression city might be related to the three ancient cities, or the traitor!"
 This matter was no longer something they could resolve.
 Director Zhao continued,"I'll immediately bring people to seal off the Xu family's remains. It's already nearby. Someone from the Xu family should know where it is!" In addition, the great wilderness has been acting strangely recently. If Lord Marquis is able to come, then it's good, but if not ... We can only let the other forces slow down and send troops to the East. If not, we can directly suppress the great wilderness!"
 The few of them nodded.
 Today, compared to the past, they were more ruthless.
 If it was in the past, he would not have wiped out the Xu family like today.
 ……
 The news was quickly sent back.
 Not long after, the news quickly reached Silver Moon province.
 At this moment, director Zhao had left, leaving the northern side to Azure light sword.
  Wei Wu army base.
 Jade lightsaber arrived quickly, but he couldn't find Li Hao. He frowned.
 She was now the governor of the North and was responsible for eliminating the rebellions in the North. However, Li Hao had personally eliminated several troublemakers in the North, and with Silver Moon here, no troublemakers would dare to cause trouble again.
 She was quite comfortable.
 However, this was not what the Azure light sword was after.
 Just as she was hesitating whether to wait or not, the void suddenly trembled, and the sky and earth split open. Instantly, six figures appeared, but Li Hao couldn't see through them.
 However, the other people's auras were violent.
 Jadesword's expression changed slightly. These people ... Had actually stepped into the sun Moon stage. This was too fast!
 Even she had only just stepped into the sun Moon realm.
 However, she had gained a lot of benefits from following Yuan Shuo. Moreover, she had managed to keep up with every advancement she made, except for the 10-person trip. Now, she had only stepped into the sun Moon tier.
 "Martial uncle Wu."
 Li Hao showed a slight smile and looked at Wu honggui."How come you have time to come here today?"
 He was relatively polite to Wu Hongji.
 The teacher had been running around with Wu Hongshan all this time, and everyone knew what he was thinking. It was just that before he could make it clear, the teacher was gone.
 Now, Li Hao couldn't say anything.
 However, giving the northern Governor to Wu Hongji represented a lot of things.
 Wu Hongjun didn't have time to guess why they had become so strong. It should be related to the five-element Dao Meridian. Li Hao had mentioned it once before, so she quickly said,""There is a message from the East. Three mid stage Sun Moon Warriors of the Xu family were killed, but they were related to the star suppression city relic!"
 "There should be an expert in the ruins of Saturn city. Director Zhao guessed that it might be related to the Zheng family. He must be quite powerful to be able to raise three of them to the 4th stage of Sun Moon ..."
 In the past, Li Hao was the only one who could match such strength.
 Three!
 If not for the fact that the world had changed so quickly, the Xu family might have been able to come back to life.
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows and said, the Xu family ... Saturn city ...
 He had almost forgotten about the Xu family.
 The Xu family master had mentioned star suppression city to him before, but he didn't know about it at that time, so he didn't pay much attention to it. Later, when he found out about it, he thought it was nonsense. Star suppression city was a Holy Land where many venerable sovereigns had come from.
  How could it be here!  But now, the Xu family had suddenly produced several people at the middle stage of the sun Moon realm.
 Li Hao knew how much benefits the mid-stage Sun Moon cultivators under his command had obtained to barely reach this level. They had either absorbed a large amount of Crimson Moon Power or had been modified by a Saint. When the Saints modified the brilliant Earth, they did not hold back.
 Three cultivators at the middle stage of the sun Moon realm ... The being in the ruins of star suppression city was most likely a Saint, or even more powerful!
 Li Hao frowned slightly.
 "Don't let them in," he said quickly."Wait for me to make the arrangements. I'll go over and deal with it personally!"
 The Zheng family?
 Li Hao's eyes turned cold, and he frowned. The ruins of Star Town City ... Was it related to the real star Town City?
 Jadesword nodded his head.
 Seeing this, Li Hao said,"uncle-master, you've also reached the sun Moon realm. You major in the green light sword technique. It's not easy to cultivate sword technique. Uncle-master, you've considered changing it ..."
 "I won't consider it!"
 Li Hao helplessly smiled at the other party's refusal.
 The way of the sword was really not easy to cultivate!
 At this time, there were many people who cultivated the way of the sword, but it was very difficult.
 Li Hao didn't force him. He nodded."That's good. I'll teach you the sword technique later. It's very difficult to open 360 meridians!"
 Jadesword wanted to say something, but in the end, he didn 't.
 She wanted to refuse, but after thinking about it again and again, she didn't refuse.
 Li Hao didn't say much. He looked at the five people beside him."We haven't dealt with the other ancient cities yet, but Star Town City has emerged. That's good ... Let's bring the demon-hunter guards. Maybe we will go all out there for the first time. I also want to see how strong the five sun and moon Warriors who control the five elements and have more than 5000 thousand warrior energy can be."
 Hearing this, the others were excited, but Li Hao just smiled and said nothing.
 If the other party was too strong ... It was better for these people to not make a move.
 At this moment, he already couldn't bear to see another person die.
 As for Star Town City ...
 The Zheng family!
 A sharp glint flashed across his eyes as he thought of the great wilderness. Perhaps it was time to go to the eastern continent.
  As for Li Hao, he had lost five meridians because he had given up the five elements Dao. It was less than the previous 38 meridians. However, he had gained some benefits from sorting out his Dao over the past few days.
 At this moment, Li Hao had already opened 32 of his 36 meridians. In addition to the 5 meridians other than the five elemental meridians, he had opened a total of 37 meridians. He was not much weaker.
 If this city was really related to the Zheng family, he would have to take action.
 Li Hao didn't waste any time. Soon, the warship took off and headed east. This time, he had some plans. If the experts in star suppression city were too strong, he wouldn't attack rashly. Perhaps ... He would call heaven battling city!
 If heaven battling city was still unwilling to send out troops this time, the two saints would still have some scruples. Then, there would be some things that could be done without heaven battling city.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com He had already proven that the Zheng family was a traitor.
 It all depended on the two saints of heaven battling city, as well as the ninth Division commander.
 He no longer cared about Zhang an.
 On the other hand, there was still a broken Heavenly King's body in the ruins of the Heavenly Star Town. Perhaps ... He could use it. Zhang an did not need it. He would bring it out himself. If the ninth master was willing, he might be able to use it.
 Even if they were crippled or broken, they could be used to revive the people of heaven battling city and Yuanping martial arts university.

 - Eastern continent-
 Now, all of heavenstar's external threats were here.
 In the vast wilderness, the Xu family.
 The Xu family was gone, but the city behind them was still here. This time, Li Hao also brought one person with him, director Wang. He knew more about new martial arts. Unfortunately, Jiang Ying and Li were quiet. Otherwise, as the descendants of Star Town City, they would know more about this.
 In fact, Li Hao had asked them before, and they all said that Star Town City was not here at all, and there was no branch here.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The descendants of venerable sovereigns, the direct descendants, other than these thorns, who would deliberately come to the small world?
 If there was a venerable sovereign here, star suppression city would not come.
 On the battleship.
 Director Wang then introduced them to Li Hao."I don't think Star Town City will come here. Some of the elders and venerable sovereigns in Star Town City don't have a good relationship with venerable the sword."
 Li Hao was a little confused.
  Director Wang said in a low voice,"this involves an old matter. In the new martial era, there were 13 families in Star Town City, including the Yang family. The Yang family's ancestors ... Died a little early. The second ancestor of the Yang family and the human King went to find the body of the Yang family's ancestor ... In short, they had an unpleasant relationship with the Yang family." After that, the sword Saint killed all the Yang family members ..."
 Li Hao was slightly dazed. There was such a thing?
 "So, even though both the star Town and the venerable sword are the emperor's right-hand men, the venerable sword has a better relationship with the venerable sovereign outside of the star Town, while the star Town has its own faction, so the relationship between the two sides is not that good." Director Wang continued.
 "In the real Zhenxing city, other than the troublemakers from Yuanping martial arts university who followed Vice-Chancellor Fang here, no one else will come here rashly, including the three families from the eight main cities. They're just insignificant branch families who want to have a bright future here."
 "So, the ruins of Star Town City must be fake?" Li Hao asked.
 "Yes, it's probably fake."
 "Before the collapse of the world, there was no star Town City. This ruin might have appeared later!" Director Wang said with a frown.
 "Didn't they say that the world was sealed at that time and there was no way out?"
 "That's what you say, but a few years ago, the world recovered a little. If a powerful cultivator walked out, it's possible, or a clone ... Traitors don't lack energy, have you forgotten?"
 Li Hao's heart moved, and he nodded.
 If that was the case, the ruins were most likely built by the traitor.
 But ... What was the point of walking out of the ancient city, building the relic, and building a fake star suppression city?
 He didn't quite understand!
 Also, this time, the other party strengthened the Xu family and asked them to inform the three cities. What was the reason?
 Also, if the other party could send out a clone, why didn't he send out his own clone instead of having to pass the message through the Xu family?
 As for not being able to find the three ancient cities ... It wasn't entirely impossible. The three ancient cities of the Zheng, Liu, and Zhou families were all well-hidden, but if the other party was from the Zheng family, he should be able to find them.
 Many thoughts flashed through Li Hao's mind. He suppressed them and decided that he would know when he got there.
 ……
  Dingbian province.  At this moment, with the Xu family being killed, the dingguo Army under the Xu family's control also surrendered.
 The generals in the Army didn't even dare to resist.
 The 800,000-strong dingguo Army was surrounded by 100000 soldiers from the eastern governor's office. They were all trembling in fear and had no will to resist at all.
 The battleship came through the void.
 The people from Sword of Light, who had been waiting for Li Hao, heaved a sigh of relief when they saw him.
 Besides them, some big figures of the eastern continent were also here.
 In the eastern continent, besides Xu clan, there was also Yu Chuo of huoming province, Marquis of East Pole province and divine sun Association. These three forces had always been the main forces against Xu clan.
 At this moment, Yu Jie was also here. She could be considered an acquaintance.
 When Li Hao came to the Duke dingguo's mansion, he had met him and even used him to create some opportunities for himself.
 At this moment, Yu Jie looked at Li Hao with a complicated expression. She quickly lowered her head.
 Back then, they could still look down on Li Hao.
 Li Hao was just a nobody who had come here to seek wealth.
 But now, he was already so high up that he was out of reach.
 Li Hao descended from the warship.
 "Lord Marquis!"
 Everyone chimed in. Although Li Hao's title of Marchioness Silvermoon had not been announced to the public, everyone still called him that.
 Yu Chuo and the others also hurriedly followed.
  Li Hao nodded. He looked at Yu Jie, then at the other old man, who was probably the Marquis of East Pole. Li Hao had met his eldest son before, and he was also here, right next to him.
 Li Hao also knew that when the Xu family was hunting him down, the Marquis of East Pole had sent troops to force the Xu family. Director Zhao had promised the Marquis of East Pole that he would make things easier for him once he entered Silver Moon and the second awakening began.
 However, things were very different now.
 Li Hao's eyes swept across the crowd. He looked at Yu Jie, nodded slightly, and said politely,""It's said that elder Yu has made a great contribution to the stability of the East. Li Hao has been busy all this time and didn't have the time to thank elder Yu for his efforts!"
 Yu Jie felt a little bitter.
 What stabilizing the East, his contribution was huge.
 That was because they wanted to be the Overlord. He was also ambitious and wanted the East to be stable so that he could fight against all sides. Who would want to make a mess of their own territory?
 The so-called merit of stability was for the sake of his own Foundation ... Now, the master had changed!
 A wise man submits to circumstances!
 Li Hao had forced back the various kingdoms, had shuiyun surrender, had the Li Dynasty retreat, and had the divine Kingdom be destroyed. He was not the Xu family, so how could he dare to resist?

 Hearing Li Hao's words, he immediately smiled.""It's what I should do. Lord Marquis is too kind!"
 "The Marquis of East Pole ..."
 As soon as Li Hao said this, the Marquis of East Pole hurriedly said,""Lord Marquis, please don't laugh at me. This was a title conferred by the Jiang family during the puppet dynasty. It's all in the past now. My real name is Zhou Qi, and I'm now the director of the Far East province's Administration Department ..."
 He was a Marquis, and so was he, so wasn't he on the same level as Li Hao?
 This old and shrewd Marquis of East Pole would never make such a mistake!
 Li Hao shook his head."The Jiang family isn't a fake dynasty. They've dominated and unified Heavenly Star for two hundred years. The Jiang family has contributed greatly!" It was normal for any dynasty to decline in the later stages. There's no need to deny the contribution of the Jiang clan. Even if it's just the contribution of unifying 99 provinces, it's enough for the Jiang clan to leave its name in history. No matter how many dynasties there are in the later years, they can't avoid the Jiang clan dynasty. "
 The Marquis of East Pole said solemnly,""It's this old man who has rotted. I wonder if Lord Marquis's bearing ..."
 Li Hao waved his hand. He had no interest in listening to his flattery.
 He looked at the few of them, then at some people not far away, and finally said,""Where are the people from the divine Sun Gang?"
 As soon as these words came out, the expressions of several people changed slightly. The light sword quickly stepped forward and said,""Lord Marquis, the divine sun society believes in gods and the sun god. However, a few days ago, the sun god was killed by Lord Marquis, and the divine sun society became a religion because of their faith. Now ... The members of the religion are in despair. The divine sun society has already dispersed, and some of the experts in the religion have long fled."
  Li Hao was startled. He didn't know about this.
 Did the divine sun society believe in the sun god?
 That's a pity!
 The God they believed in had been killed. To these believers, it was a spiritual destruction. It was normal for the sect to disperse.
 After some small talk, the tyrants of the Eastern Province all heaved a sigh of relief when they saw that Li Hao seemed to be easy to talk to.
 Recently, the light sword had not been polite at all in the East.
 All those who opposed and resisted were killed.
 There was no room for bargaining!
 Even though everyone was gathered together, in reality, there were some people from the eastern provinces who did not come. They would never come!
 As for Zhao Shuguang ... He had come here to clean up the mess and quickly arrange for people to take over some provinces.
 Otherwise, heavenstar was so big, and Zhao Shuguang would not have stayed here all this time.
 Just as everyone was thinking that Li Hao was easy to talk to, Li Hao's smile remained. He said softly,""Governor Hu, since the divine sun society has collapsed, we can forget about the ordinary sect members and just watch over them for a while. However, the leaders of the divine Sun Gang are all high-ranking people. They might seek refuge in the Western divine Kingdom and send people to kill them. Don't let them leave the eastern continent!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 The Sword of Light quickly responded.
 As soon as these words were spoken, everyone else was sweating profusely. The leaders of the divine sun society were probably in big trouble.
 Li Hao, on the other hand, was very strict with the sect.
 He knew very well the potential harm that these religions could bring.
  After saying that, he looked at director Zhao,""Director Zhao, have you confirmed the location?"  "Yes."
 Director Zhao quickly nodded and pointed into the distance,""It's right in front. The entrance is a little special. It's actually under a big tree, and that big tree seems to be on the verge of becoming a spirit ..."
 This might be the only monster plant in this era that felt like it was about to become a spirit.
 There were many monster plants.
 But they were all old antiques.
 He had seen many modern demon beasts, but he had never seen a demon plant.
 At this moment, Li Hao was also somewhat interested.""A monster plant turned into a spirit? That's interesting, a monster plant needs a lot of energy to become a spirit and it takes a long time. Unless ... This monster plant has been infected by energy, otherwise, it can't become a spirit in a short time. "
 It had only been around 20 years since its revival. It was possible to find demonic beasts, but it was very, very difficult for demonic plants to appear.
 Director Zhao also nodded."I am also a little surprised. This also shows that this ruin, perhaps ... Is like the traitor. It doesn't lack energy. It never lacked energy from the start!"
 Li Hao slightly frowned and nodded.
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Not lacking in energy was not good news.
 "Let's go and take a look!"
 He didn't say much and brought everyone along. Soon, the battleship took off and flew towards a mountain in the distance. That tree was on the mountain.
 When Li Hao got closer, he suddenly had a different feeling.
 The energy here was very dense.
 Under normal circumstances, the energy around the ruins was actually very weak and would be absorbed by the existence inside. The rich energy meant that the existence inside the ruins did not absorb energy from the outside world.
  On the other side, a pine tree stood tall.
 It was still winter, but the big tree stood there, green and not affected by the weather at all.
 As if it sensed danger, the tree trembled slightly.
 Director Zhao quickly said,"the entrance is in the tree trunk. We only found out about the location of the remains through some connections with the Xu family .."
 Li Hao nodded.
 He sensed the void energy around him, which meant that the ruins did exist. However, he couldn't determine the strength of the experts inside, so he couldn't just barge in.
 He was just thinking about how to find out the truth.
 Suddenly, the big tree trembled slightly. The trunk of the tree gradually became transparent, and soon, a vague appearance emerged.
 Li Hao's eyes flickered.
 He felt an external spiritual power. It did not belong to the tree itself, which meant that it was not the tree itself, but someone who had attached their spiritual power to the tree.

 An existence in the ruins?
 At this moment, a face appeared on the tree and sent out a mental wave.""Are you the descendant of the sword venerable, the Li family's descendant?"
 Li Hao's eyes flickered."I'm Li Hao. Are you an expert from the ancient civilization's Holy Land, star suppression city?"
 "I guess so."
 The illusory face said,"what happened before was a misunderstanding." I've had some contact with the Xu family a long time ago and knew that many of their powerhouses had been killed outside, so I raised my rank by one or two. In the end, it seems that I've caused some trouble. It seems that I've been living in seclusion for too long and may have made a mistake. "
 The other party seemed to know that Li Hao was here to cause trouble, so he said politely,""Fortunately, we didn't make any big mistakes. Since you are the descendant of Sword Saint, you are all part of the family ..."
 Li Hao smiled and interrupted him."These are all trivial matters. I'm now in charge of Heavenly Star, so I've always been very respectful to the senior neo martial artists. I'm standing beside you, director Wang Ye of heaven battling city's police department. If it's a misunderstanding, then it'll be eliminated. Today, many neo martial seniors are willing to help me build a peaceful world!"
 "The place you live in is called star suppression city, and it is an ancient sacred place. I didn't want to disturb you this time ... But director Wang didn't believe me and insisted that Silver Moon doesn't have a star suppression city. I have some doubts, but if you're willing, can you help me?"
 Li Hao looked suspicious."Star suppression city ... I'm familiar with it with some venerable sovereigns, such as Jiang Yingli and Li shengzhang. However, I've never heard of the existence of star suppression city in the land of Silver Moon. So, I'm a little confused."
  The face on the tree sighed.""It's normal that they don't know about this. "Star suppression city ... This place should be called star suppression city's branch city. In fact, it has existed for a long time. You should have some understanding of neo martial arts, young friend. Human King and Supreme martial artist are omnipotent and have made some arrangements for many things."
 "Back then, the sword venerable transferred a large number of great beings to follow the human King and the others to conquer the outer-realm universes ... The human King was worried that the small world would not be peaceful after the sword venerable left, so he sensed some problems early on. The people from the Crimson Moon universe might be infiltrating the small world and trying to use it to deal with the main world ..."
 "Therefore, I secretly informed venerable sovereign Zhen Xing and asked him to station some people here to build a branch city in case of any unexpected situation ... However, I didn't expect that he would take such drastic measures. He closed the Stargate, destroyed the formation of the eight main cities, and destroyed a large number of mineral veins, which caused the entire land of Silver Moon to fall into a dead silence. Thus, the branch of star suppression city lost its function ..."
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows.
 The human King and the others left it behind?
 Is that true?
 Of course, 90% was false, and 10% was true.
 Even if the human King and the others had left a backup plan, would it be this group of people?
 Li Hao didn't care whether it was true or not."Then," he said,"may I ask ... What is your identity, senior?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com "Yu Hai, the vice-captain of the guards of the Shen family from Zhenxing city!"
 Li Hao raised his eyebrows again. This famous ...  He looked at director Wang, who was a little embarrassed. He quickly said,""It's hard to say. We don't know much about the Holy Land of Star Town. This is just a small world, not the main world. The Shen family of Star Town might not be the most powerful among the twelve families, but they are one of the most respected families. They started the new martial era together with the ancestor of the Chen family!"
 "Each of them does have their own guards. The vice-captain of the guards must be strong. He must be at least a Saint! Yu Hai ... I don't know. After all ... I'm just the guard Director of heaven battling city. "
 Li Hao nodded slightly. Before Li Hao could speak again, the mysterious man said,""I've increased the strength of the Xu family because I have something important to tell the three families! It's a pity that there was a misunderstanding. In that case, since you're a descendant of the Li family, I'll tell you and let you pass on the message. "
 Li Hao hadn't mentioned it yet, but the other party took the initiative to say it, very urgently and helplessly.""Little friend, please take this matter to heart and convey it to the three families of Saturn! The people of the Crimson Moon have already invaded this world. A top-tier master of the Crimson Moon universe is sealed near the Stargate, and he is most likely a venerable sovereign!"
 "That's one of the reasons. Second, the Crimson Moon's power has seeped into the eight main cities. There are some people in the eight main cities who have betrayed neo martial. Please be careful!"
 "Thirdly, the branch in star suppression city has not completely disappeared. All these years, we have been working hard to find something to fight against the great beings of the Crimson Moon universe ..."
 "And recently, we found ..." The mysterious man sighed.
 "You found it?"
 Li Hao was a little surprised. This matched the information from the Xu family. What did they find?
  Where did you find it?
 If he couldn't even get out, was he supposed to search for 100000 years on the spot?
 "Right!"
 "I've found it,"the shadow quickly replied," the secret that can fight against Red Moon sovereign!"
 "Senior ... Can you tell me?" Li Hao's eyes flickered.
 "This ... It's not that I don't trust you, but ... I can't say much. Of course, if you're willing to tell the three clans or the other main cities, it's best to send some people here. If all of them come together, I'll let everyone know."
 "Yes." Li Hao nodded, but then asked doubtfully,"senior, aren't you afraid that it's a traitor?"
 "It's fine. If the Crimson Moon invades it, I'll be able to tell. "
 The shadow continued,"the Xu family is not efficient. Since you're here, I believe you must care more about Silver moon's safety than the Xu family. Red Moon sovereign is like a sharp sword hanging over our heads. If we can't deal with him, we'll be dead for sure!" Once the seal is completely broken, the enemy will slaughter the world. The power of a venerable sovereign is unimaginable!"

 At this moment, Li Hao quickly thought of everything.
 After a long time, he said slowly,"senior, it's said that ... The Zheng family might have betrayed neo martial ..."
 "What?"
 The mysterious man seemed to be a little shocked. The next moment, he said hurriedly,""That's impossible. They are all descendants of star suppression city. Although they are branch families, they are still venerable sovereign families. How could a descendant of a venerable sovereign betray us ... Unless ... They were influenced by venerable Red Moon. How could that be?"
 "No, the bloodlines of the eight great families all have the ability to resist the power of the Crimson Moon, so they won't be easily invaded ... If that's the case, then we're in big trouble!"
 He seemed to be unable to stand the news. After a long time, he said in a deep voice,""If that's the case, then there's trouble. To deal with that venerable sovereign, we still need the joint efforts of the eight great families!"
 Li Hao nodded."I don't want to believe it either. But ... It seems to be the case."
 "This ... This is bad!" The mysterious man seemed to be struggling.
 After a moment of hesitation, the mysterious man said,""If that's the case, then we'll have to be careful. But even if they really do betray us ... At this moment, the world can't accommodate the emergence of overlords. If you have a way, gather them to see me, and I might be able to determine who has been invaded."
 Li Hao nodded."I'll try my best. By the way, senior, are you the only one left in the ruins of Saturn city?"
  "Not only that, there are also some people, but ... They all have missions at the moment."
 More than one person?
 Li Hao continued,"senior, now that the world has loosened and energy has recovered, it's still possible to leave with a clone. If senior is really in a hurry, I'm afraid that the eight great families won't believe me even if I tell them. Why don't you send a clone to search for the eight great families with me? with senior here, perhaps you'll be more worthy of their trust! We don't know senior's identity, but some of the powerhouses in the eight major cities should know. "
 "This way, we can avoid some trouble!"
 The mysterious man sighed."No, we can 't. If we can, we'll leave on our own. Why do we have to promote the Xu family?"
 "Can 't?"
 Why?
 Li Hao was puzzled.
 The mysterious man explained,"almost the entire world has been invaded by the red moon Emperor, including the Heaven's Will that has been born. Although it is not obvious, in fact, it has been invaded by the red moon Emperor. We have found a way to deal with the red moon Emperor. The Heaven's Will also knows that once we leave the relic, we will be suppressed by the world. It might even attack us and take the initiative to kill us. It is the same for our avatars, which are targeted by the world ..."
 Li Hao slightly raised his eyebrows and aimed at the heaven and earth.
 He knew that the heavens and earth were targeting the great wilderness.
 But to find someone who could fight against the red moon sovereign ... Do you think I'll believe it?
 "Senior, you said that Red Moon sovereign has infected heaven's will?" he asked without changing his expression.
 "Right!"
 "That's impossible ..."
 Li Hao frowned."The other party is sealed. How can he infect the will of the heavens?"  "Little friend, you don't understand. This person is a venerable sovereign. To heaven and earth, this person is the strongest existence in the world today. The birth of heaven's will has the subconscious of imitating the strongest person. Therefore, it is natural to be affected by the other party."
 Was it like this?
 Li Hao touched his chin."Senior," he said,"if I may ask, how strong are you?"
 "He's only at the Saint level. "
 "Peak?"
 "I guess so."
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao took a deep breath."He's so strong. Then, senior, do you know senior Zhang an?"
 "Of course!"
 "He's the grandson of a Supreme Being," the mysterious man said immediately."How could I not know him? I just don't know if director Zhang knows a small figure like me. The Zhang family is high and mighty. Even the Shen family I'm loyal to is far inferior to the Zhang family ..."
 Then, he said in a self-deprecating tone,"I'm just a vice-captain of the guards, a Saint. In the past, the people who were in contact with director Zhang were either the descendants of venerable sovereigns or the venerable sovereigns themselves. I'm afraid that a small figure like me would not be worthy of his attention. Could it be that he's still in Yuanping martial arts university?"
 "Yes,"
 "Then it's easy. If director Zhang is willing to send a clone, with him here, the eight great families will also participate. Even if there is a traitor, we don't have to be afraid. He will lead the eight great families, and we will find a way to destroy the red moon sovereign together ..."
 The other party was not afraid to see Zhang an. Instead, he seemed to be looking forward to it.
 Li Hao felt a bit regretful that he didn't bring Qian Wuliang with him this time. Qian Wuliang was still in the Li Dynasty.
 Therefore, it was not easy to judge the other party's emotions, and he did not know if it was true.
  "It's normal that Zhang an doesn't know me. He's a Big Shot, and I'm just a security guard of the Shen family ... It's normal for a Supreme Being's grandson to not know the vice-captain of the security guards even if he has been to the Shen family.
 The peak of the Saint realm!
 Li Hao sighed with emotion. He was really strong.
 Moreover, it was the other party who said it.  "Senior," he said after some consideration,"the reason why Star suppression city set up a branch here was to guard the Silver Moon against the invasion of the Crimson Moon ... In that case, didn't you sense anything in advance?"
 "No... The other party's methods are too secretive."
 "Then ... You didn't tell venerable sword?"
 "Sword Saint is high and mighty, and ... He's arrogant. He doesn't get along well with the star suppression lineage. We don't dare to say that we're here just in case. If Sword Saint misunderstands us and kills us, we'll have no reason to argue."
 This person seemed to be helpless as well.
 Li Hao nodded."I see ... Then there's one more thing I don't understand. Is the way to deal with Red Moon sovereign in the branch in Star Town City?"

 "This ..."
 The mysterious man was silent for a while before he said,""The branch in star suppression city was not built randomly. Since you asked, I'll explain it to you briefly. This place is a division of the eight cities ..."
 "A separation point?"
 Li Hao's eyes were filled with doubt and suspicion. The mysterious man said,""Yes, heaven and earth were split into eight. There was a secret place between heaven and earth that no one knew about. However, when we came here, we were instructed by the Lords that if there was any change in the Silver Moon, we could grasp the location of the split and perhaps turn things around!"
 "Eight parts of the world?"
 "Yes,"
 "This ... Could it be that there's something that can deal with the red moon sovereign?"
 "Right! Of course, the venerable sovereigns are too strong, so we can't be sure now, so we need the eight great families to come together and discuss it. "
 Li Hao nodded and said in a deep voice,""Senior, if I may ask, will the Eight Families be able to deal with venerable sovereigns after they get the item?"
 "There's hope. "
  "This ..."
 "Then ... Then what if the eight great families can't gather enough?" Li Hao frowned.
 "At that time, I'll think of a way. If I really can't gather all of them, with the bloodline inheritance of the eight great families, there's still hope ..."
 "Senior, can you tell me what it is?"
 "This ... I can't say!"
 The mysterious man said regretfully,"I've already revealed too much. It's already very risky. If I continue ... Not only will I be irresponsible to us, but I'll also be irresponsible to our little friend. If I know too much, once I trigger the Heaven's Will, it's very likely that great danger will arise!"
 "So that's how it is. It's been hard on senior."
 Li Hao's expression was grave as he said,""Senior, can I ... Enter stars suppression city?"
 "Of course you can!"
 The mysterious man said softly,"you are a descendant of the Li family. When the sky changed that day, sword city might have been sealed near the Stargate. Now, it is unknown how many descendants of the Li family are left in the world. If you are willing, it would be best. Even if you didn't say it, I would still like to invite you to participate in this matter."
 "If I had known that you were from the Li family, I wouldn't have promoted the Xu family and caused you so much trouble," he said regretfully.
 "Senior ... Didn't the Xu family tell you that I'm a descendant of the Li family?"
 "No, I didn 't,"
 Then senior ... How did you recognize that I am the Li family descendant?"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The starry sky sword was gone, and you recognized it?
 "It's simple," the shadow said with a smile."You can't hide your sword intent. You have the intent of a sword venerable. In this world, no one can learn it except the descendants of the Li family ..."
 "I see!"
 Li Hao nodded again, but he still couldn't help it. ""Senior, is this the place where the heavens and earth are split? Who has the power to split the heavens and earth into eight?"
 After he said that, he was a little excited,"could it be ... My ancestor, the sword venerable?" No wonder they are called venerable sovereigns. Venerable sovereigns are so powerful that they can divide the world into eight parts. We think we are invincible in the world, but we can't even divide a province, let alone the world ..."
 "I'm not sure who it is exactly. Maybe it's venerable the sword, maybe it's someone else. This ... Is too far away from us. We don't know the inside story."  Li Hao smiled. I know.
 However, I'm not telling you!
 Was this place really the dividing point of the eight parts of heaven and earth?
 He thought about it. Back then, he had seen the blood Emperor divide the heaven and earth. However, he had no idea why he had done that. After that, he had said something that seemed to be directed at the heaven and earth.
 It also seemed to be directed at him.
 The eight parts of heaven and earth might be to prevent the heaven and earth from developing consciousness.
 The cutting point of the 80 parts of heaven and earth ... What was there?
 Many doubts gushed into his mind once more.
 As for the person in front of him, Li Hao believed 10% of what he said, but he didn't believe 90% of it.
 The location of the star suppression city ruins might be real, and it might also be true that the other party was looking for the things there ... But he didn't believe in the other party's identity.
 "The human Emperor was worried that something would go wrong, so he sent people from star suppression city to come here ... Nonsense!"
 Do you really think I don't know anything about the ancient king?
 How could that overbearing, unparalleled murderer know how to do such things?
 He had already taken the initiative to attack the Crimson Moon world. Why would he leave any backup plans in the small worlds?
 The origin world didn't have any contingency plans, let alone the origin world.
 He was a person who, after I die, I don't care if the flood floods the sky!
 If the expedition failed, everything would be empty.
 If the battle is successful, the Crimson Moon will be destroyed. Why would I care about your little tricks in the rear?
 Would the human King have a backup plan?
  Li Hao didn't think so.
 Such a person ... When he went out to war, he would only have one goal: to kill the enemy. Kill all the enemies. Who would do anything behind their backs? as for their home being raided, he didn't care. If their home was raided, he would destroy their home first before retaliating!
 Therefore, when the other party said that it was arranged by the human Emperor, Li Hao took it as nonsense.
 However, it was true that the other party was here to look for something.
 The blood Emperor had cut the sky and the earth. Li Hao recalled that the sky and the earth had just been born, so not many people should have seen it. How did the other party know?
 Where did he find out?
 Li Hao had seen it from the word "heaven battling." Could it be that the other party was the same?
 Also, Li Hao had asked about the eight divisions of heaven and earth before, but he didn't ask directly. No one knew about it, not even director Wang, the Wang family, or even the old turtle in heaven battling city.
 Since that was the case ... How did this person know?
 "Other than me, can anyone else see the scene in the two words" warring the heavens "? Not necessarily? If that's the case ... Besides me and revered sword, there's only one person who knows ..."

 Li Hao thought to himself, who?
 The will of the heavens!
 Yes, the heavens might know.
 That was because even if the Heaven's Will had not been born back then, the heaven and earth imprint was still present. If that was the case, the Heaven's Will should have known about all this when it was born.
 However, heaven's will was just an immature heaven's will.
 Even if he knew, how did this person know?
 Was it related to heaven's will?
 Li Hao pondered. The situation was rather complicated. At this moment, he couldn't tell the exact situation. He analyzed it. If this person was with the heavens, was he with the Zheng family?
 If that was the case, was this person, the Zheng clan, and the Heaven's Will all on the same side?
 The goal might really be to deal with Red Moon sovereign. After all, she was their biggest threat, and so was the Heaven's Will.
  "Red Moon sovereign needs to destroy the small world and counterattack the main world ... While the Zheng family needs to control the small world and become the master of the world so that they can benefit from the war between the two universes. The Heaven's Will's goal is to not be destroyed. Venerable sovereigns are also cancer in their bodies. Venerable sovereigns have a chance of annihilating the Heaven's Will ..."
 "So, it's possible that the Zheng family and the Heaven's Will are working together! Both sides have the same goal for now ... The Zheng family has another goal, which is to revive the small world and allow the second revival to begin so that the powerful cultivators can walk out. The Heaven's Will also wishes for the second revival ..."
 Li Hao thought quickly and deduced the process based on his conclusion.
 He immediately concluded that this person was related to the Zheng family and deduced the process.
 In this way, many things could be explained.
 Otherwise ... Many things would not make sense.
 Star suppression city ... This name was too conspicuous. If the other party was trying to find it secretly, why did they name it star suppression city?
 Weren't they afraid that the others would wake up in advance and feel that something was wrong?
 Li Hao wouldn't have cared if it was a nameless relic.
 Li Hao couldn't understand this. Or did this person think that no one would recover before them and didn't care about it at all? he named it Star Town because the Zheng family was indeed from Star Town, and this person wanted to replace Star Town in the past?
 From the side branch to the main branch?
 If the person in front of him was from the Zheng family ...
 The head of the Zheng family, Zheng Hongyuan, had three sons. The eldest son, Zheng ke, had already left with the sword venerable, the second son, Zheng Gong, had been killed by Li Hao, and the third son, Zheng Yu, had gone missing. Zheng Hongyuan was no exception.
 Hong Chen should be Zheng Hongyuan, right?
 This person ... Was at the peak of the Saint realm?
 Could it be Zheng Yu?
 Countless thoughts emerged.
 Li Hao rubbed his head. He felt that the situation was very complicated.
 Even a peak Saint would be hard to deal with.
  Li Hao exhaled. After a long time, he slowly said,""Senior, can you only reside in this tree?"  "Sigh ... I'm helpless!"
 Li Hao finally understood.
 No wonder his clone did not appear.
 As for being targeted by the heavens, that might not be the case. Then why was the other party not willing to come out?
 That's strange!
 He could create a clone, even if it only had the combat power of a warrior. It was not to kill people, but to contact the three ancient cities.
 The increasing amount of information made Li Hao's head spin. However, he quickly got rid of these distractions. He only had one thought, so he didn't need more. He might as well learn from the ancient king ... And kill him!
 If he died, everything would be over!
 However, with such battle prowess, the other party might not be able to match up to a peak Saint, but if it was a Heavenly King ... Would he be able to use his head to fight?
 He then looked at this place. This place was the center of the East.
 And the great wilderness was at the eastern border.
 There were also some Saint level existences among the desolate beasts.
 Not only that, the side of the mortal world might want to exterminate the desolate beasts, deal with the great wilderness, and revive the world ...
 If the red dust World was in cahoots with this person ...
 While he was still thinking, the shadow said softly,""Little friend, do you want to come in and sit? "I've been slow outside, but there's nothing I can do. I can't move forward ...."
 Li Hao thought for a moment and shook his head."Not for now. Senior, you have too many secrets. I'm worried that I'll disturb you. How about this ... I'll help you find people from the eight ancient cities. It'll be best if they can deal with the venerable sovereigns of the Crimson Moon!"
 As he said this, he thought for a moment and said,"senior, do you know about Da Huang?" A country formed by a group of desolate beasts is invading the world. It is not far away now and could invade at any time. This is also what has been giving me a headache recently! If the enemy invades and covers the star suppression city ruins, can you enter the chaos and deal with these wild beasts?"
 The mysterious man pondered for a moment and said,""Chaos cover? This ... There was a chance! The chaos could conceal the secrets of heaven, but ... Had the chaos even covered this place? I've really underestimated these desolate beasts. Back then, there didn't seem to be many left, but they actually managed to survive until today. "
  "That's good. I was worried that we wouldn't be able to defend against the dire beasts!"
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com Li Hao sighed with emotion, but he cursed in his heart.
 Didn't you say that the heavens are against you?
 Since that's the case, don't you know that chaos is invading and destroying heaven's will?
 I know!
 Then why don't you just sit back and watch the will of heaven be destroyed by chaos, and even agree to help?
 This guy, does he think I'm ignorant?
 Do you think that I, Li Hao, am a bumpkin who doesn't understand the relationship between fate and chaos?
 "Since that's the case, I won't disturb senior anymore!"
 Li Hao turned his head and looked at the crowd."Don't stand around. It's all a misunderstanding. Don't disturb senior's peace!"

 "I'm sorry about the Xu family," he said apologetically."If I had known that you were The Guardian of the Silver Moon, I wouldn't have misunderstood you."
 "It's fine. The Xu family is insatiable and not good people. I was just helpless. No one else found this place and I couldn't get out, so I could only contact other places through the Xu family ..."
 Go to hell!
 He was just a contact, so why did he need to raise him to the fourth stage of the sun Moon realm?
 What a joke!
 Obviously, he knew that Silver Moon province had been occupied by them. He was worried that the Xu family would not be a match for them, so he deliberately raised it to this level. He just didn't expect them to improve even faster.
 Otherwise, if you gave those people from the Xu family some benefits, not to mention the fourth layer of the sun Moon realm, even if it was the first layer of the sun Moon realm, they would still be willing to run away for you.
 Who are you trying to fool?
 'Does this guy think I'm an idiot?'
 However, Li Hao had also gathered some information.
  The red moon sovereign, the Zheng family, the cutting point of heaven and earth left by the blood Emperor ... Now, it was either a venerable sovereign or a Heavenly King. To him, the pressure was still great.
 He had no choice!
 Now ... The best way was to go to heaven battling city and hope that this time, they would be able to obtain a satisfactory result. He, together with the two saints, might be able to ... Take down this person!
 Even if the other party was at the peak of the Saint realm, he still had a high chance of winning.
 Of course, if it was a Heavenly King ... It would be very troublesome.
 After so many years, even if the other party was originally a Saint, would he be able to enter the Heavenly King realm?
 This time, Li Hao didn't ask the Silver Moon Warriors to take them down.
 The hope was slim!
 Even three saints, including himself, might not be enough ... Then ... What about the desolate beasts?
 He looked into the distance.
 The great wilderness!
 The great wilderness also had a few Saint rank desolate beasts.
 The red dust world's side was unable to revive itself after killing people. Perhaps solving the problem of the great wilderness reviving was what they were after. Since that was the case, if they spoiled the other party's plan and allowed the great wilderness to invade here, could they let the desolate beasts participate in this battle?
 As for the wild beast invasion, after the wild beast died ... It would naturally disappear.
 All these thoughts flashed through his mind.
 In the past, Li Hao didn't like such things. He didn't like to scheme against others with vicious means. But now, as long as he could kill, kill strong enemies, he didn't care about such things.
 He only arranged for a few people to stay behind and watch from a distance. Soon, Li Hao left with the others.
 ……
 They were far away from the ruins.
 "This person ... I'm not sure if he's Yu Hai or not. I can't judge!" However, from what he said, the gathering of the eight great families here won't have much of an impact, do you want to try?"
 "If it's just a clone, as long as you don't go in, it's not a big deal even if there's a scheme ..."
 Li Hao shook his head and said,"not necessarily!" This person isn't simple. He looks honest and probably knows that we've gotten some information from Xu Huan. He quickly explained everything clearly. He's a peak Saint. All the neo martial artists I've seen are arrogant. When did such a good person appear?"
 I'll be honest with you when we meet!
 Be it Zhang an or the old turtle, these Saint-level Masters were all arrogant. This was Li Hao's first time meeting them, so who would be willing to pay attention to them?
 Why would I explain to you?
 These people are too lazy to explain anything to you!
This chapter upload daily at NovelBin.com The other party didn't know Li Hao well, so why would he explain it to you?
 You're lucky that I didn't order you!
 That day, the Vice commander of the Heavenly Star Army, Sun Xin, was also a Saint. He had ignored Li Hao from the beginning to the end, even though Li Hao had the starry sky sword in his hand.
 This was the true neo martial Saint!
 This was Li Hao's impression of him.
  After he became familiar with the old turtle, general Huai, Zhang an, and the others, they would not talk to you about any deep secrets even if they paid attention to you. That was the case until now.  However, this man gave Li Hao a big blow as soon as he arrived and even told him the secret of dealing with the red moon Emperor. He really thought highly of Li Hao.
 Director Wang was stunned. He was actually used to it.
 He also felt that Li Hao deserved to be treated like this.
 But on second thought, it made sense. If he didn't know Li Hao well, why would a Saint, who was also the captain of the guards of a venerable sovereign's family, be so polite to him?
 "You mean ... There's a problem with him?"
 Li Hao nodded."Of course. It's obvious. There are too many problems!" In my eyes, this person has a bunch of problems and all sorts of flaws ..."
 "Forget it, let's not care about this. Director Wang, do you think I can get the support of the two saints when I go to heaven battling city?"
 The moment he said that, director Wang's expression changed.
 "There's a good chance," he said after some thought."I'll try my best to tell them first. I'm sure there's something wrong with the Zheng family, so it's a good thing for us to destroy them! But they don't know the situation, so I'm going to explain it first! Now that the starry sky sword has been shattered, the hope of opening the Stargate is getting smaller and smaller. Perhaps ... Only you can open the Stargate through the great path universe and walk out of the Silver Moon ... I feel that there's no reason for heaven battling city not to support you. "
 Director Wang chuckled,"if it was before, the two saints might not have made a move ... But now that the Zheng family's matter has come to light, it's not a big deal to make a move!" The ninth master is also here. No matter what, we're family. Although the ninth master has lost his physical body, if ... We lend him that broken body, he'll still have the battle power of a Saint!"
 Li Hao laughed."Then I can't deal with this person without any evidence. I don't have any proof."
 Director Wang laughed,"I don't need any evidence. I just need one thing. Saturn city!" There must be a problem if they dared to use this name for this place! Even if it was arranged by Star Town City, it would not work! There's only one city, and this one is impersonating it ... Even if it's really like what he said, we have to take it down first!"
 Li Hao was suddenly stunned. After a long while, he said,""Director Wang, do you think this place is named Saturn city because of this? everyone thinks it's fake. For neo martial artists, the fake Saturn city naturally needs to be cleaned up. If someone comes to clean up ... And is killed by him ..."
 "Fishing?" director Wang was stunned.
 "Right!"
 Li Hao nodded, deep in thought.
 Director Wang's expression changed,"you mean, this person ... Might be even stronger than a Saint?" Otherwise, if someone were to come to deal with you, it might be a Saint ..."
 "Right!"
 Li Hao nodded again."Besides, it's a big deal. The nine divisions know about this place. Everyone knows that the relic of the Xu family in the East is called star suppression city. Some of the ultimate Arts of star suppression city have been spread!" The nine divisions society's information was all from the Xu family. This man does know about Saturn's unique skill. Everyone knows about the existence of Saturn city. Do you think he's simple?"
 Director Wang kept nodding.
 "I understand, I'll let them know ..."
 Li Hao laughed,"that's fine. You and I will go to heaven battling city together!" This time, if I can convince a few experts, Zhan Tian and heavenstar will form a deep friendship. I hope this friendship ... Will last forever!"
 Director Wang thought about the meaning of his words and laughed.
 As for whether or not she would agree ... He felt that the probability was very high.
 Putting the ninth Division aside, general Huai ... This one was very good at judging the situation. He had inherited the character of his ancestor's Imperial companion. The other party's ancestor's Imperial companion was a typical fence-sitter who would side with whoever was stronger. At this moment, it was obvious that Li Hao was strong, at least in the outside world.
 As for the turtle Guardian, since he and the ninth Division commander had agreed, it could not refuse. After all, it was only a divine weapon, and in essence, it served the human race of heaven battling city.
 As for whether there was a problem in Star Town City ... Who cared? he would take it down first.
 As the first neo martial expert to embrace the new era, director Wang was very open.
 The two of them quickly tore through the void and disappeared.
 At this moment, on the top of the mountain, a shadow appeared on the pine tree again. It seemed to have sensed something and looked into the distance silently.
  Then, he seemed to look up at the sky. It was a little heavy.
 The world was becoming more and more complicated.
 If he were to head out now, he would have to be careful of the seal being forcefully broken. What exactly happened earlier?
 Zheng Gong ... Was probably dead!
 Who killed him?
 Li Hao's group?
 However, could they kill a Saint?
 Countless thoughts appeared in the other party's mind.
 Then Li Hao ... What would he choose?
 [PS: I probably won't be able to update tomorrow. The meeting will last until eight or nineo' clock tomorrow night. Fortunately, I can go home on the 18th.]

